 THiE IRECE NT? c YCLO?NE." nTHI WRIiKcED IK0MDCBANA. "PEiRTHl . Tehit pb The proprietura of thle .Dally *"?wa' nhavo recalved a' l?ttor from;t'Mr.' Olampt. Wraggo, from Ohilteorn, Victoria, sttltng It the COntral. Wealther Dureau' Ian Brie bao hud boaun in rstcatnue, thi anluail yolu for which did not oxoou"q £1500, three daya' 'araing aat loast would have boone glvoen of the revoas oylonn olff the Ilartlh-lorth-wot coanlt. , Tho Blllo IFllunnel toiumoiy 0rgonl,w hloh ap the first to a1d v1denioo that thLe' nteleor Koomhanna had boat Ywroched, hy pliklnig ip tile door of the chlie atoward'o abln, arrrlvod at Fromantlo from Blnna poro, via N,?, portl, tlls lmornilg. Her omfiern atueod that a uoenral qlonm 1had b?oun oat over tile wholo 3t tile NW. horte by the dlialltor. Nearly overyone had rlondia or relatives on board, and thero .wOra gloomy inoes ond qllotlauae wherevwr the host touched.'a 0110 eatiloman, who wnl aboard tile Iullarra ll the cycnlone, rotlrnedl by tilh Gorlon. Ieo inlal tile Iltorl was tho moot terrifying ellrxporn lie Ilhadl over had1. Out ot 1 O ttle LL e l embarkedll on the hullarra for Fromantle,, lie onllly brotlhgit SS hasck .  NORTH QUEENSLAND. BY OUR COKRESPONDENT. By the Long Wash of Australasian Seas. .txjuug ine v^ueensiana coast tnere are many islands; some fertile but inore stoney and arid and unfit for cultivation. The. ocean within the Great Barrier Beef is studded with innumerable islets, rocky crags, surf beaten reefs, sheltered, sandy txfctches, rich^ tropical jungle, wild mountain peaks, so char acteristic of the North \ Queensland coast. One of the best kndwn islands of the north is Dunk Island, -the home of Mr. J. Banfield. 'This isle of scent and sil«nv-.A ' ah.'Iia terms it in his charming book, 'My Tropic Isle,' is 'the most fascinating, the most de sirable on the coast of North Queensland.' Mr. and Mrs. Banfield took up permanent residence on their island home in 1897. Pre ' viously Mr. Banfield had been editor of the 'North. Queensland Register' and the TVwnsville 'Bulletin.' Palm Islands, about 40 miles from Townsville, are largely pat ronised by holiday parties from Townsville, and the western inland centres. Mag netic Island, in Cleveland Bay, five miles from Townsville, is a great resort for week end and picnic parties. Outside Cairns are Double Island and Green Island, both popu lar- picnic resorts. Other well-known islands along the coast are the Percys, Northumberland Island, the Beverley Group, Whitsunday Passage, and Hinchinbrook Channel, where some of tho scenery is reminiscent of the sounds of New Zealand or the fiords of Norway. Torres Straits are dotted with picturesque spots, many untouched by the foot of mankind. Four little islands known as the Bourkc Group, lie between Cocoanut and Yorke Is lands. Typical atolls, uninhabited, they lie dreaming, shimmering with heat in the blue sea, circled by thousands of black and white sea pigeons. One of the group is known to the natives of the Straits as Pigeon Is land. Some time ago a Philipino built a hut and lived there, till want of fresh wa ter drove him away. His little house is now falling into decay, and the poultry which he reared arc now wilder than the sea birds. Big Figures. The exports of the great expanse of coun try behind -Townsville for 1913 have just been compiled, and reach the handsome total of £4,674,830. The exports are £322,000 in excess of those of 1912. Cattle with bypro ducts top the list, being valued at £1,513,320. Wool comes next, valued at £1,387,905. No transhipment exports have been includ ed; the figures solely rcprcesnt exports brought to Townsville from the interior by the Townsville railway. Details as to im ports are not available, b'/c are said. to b- well over £6,000,000. Beef Eaters. An analysis of the consumption per head .nof the population in the Tow.nsville district indicates that beef is tlie favourite flesh of the people, the average per head per annum being 232.11b. Compared with 1912, the number of stock slaughtered shows an in crease of 11,3(51 head. Sotre of the princi pal butcher shops propose to enclose entirely with glass, as owing to the corrosive action of the atmosphere, wire netting is not 'i success. It will be interesting to compare 1014 figures with the above, as, owing to the high price of meat, a large proportion of the population are curtailing their beef eating propensities. That. Circular! I referred in a previous letter to the new circular recently issued by the C.S.1\. (6V pany, ami which is the cause of so much in dignation among the eanegrowers. The cir cular opens by saying: 'As the Bill sub mitted to the Queensland Parliament for constituting boards to fix the prices for cane had fallen through, we now put,''&c. Grow ers were hoping that tho Bill was only shelv ed, but here we have the word of the C.S.R. Company that it had 'fallen through*'* The circular, which is of a truculent and despotic tone throughout, goes on to say 'that we make more clear the existing stipulation- that any increase of our expenses forced on us by law must be covered by ,a reaction in the price of cane, the' farmer: being relieved of his obligation' to grow cane if he -be unwilling .to,; accept the reduction.' Ano ther way of -.saying 'if you don't like it, get out.' ??; ' Quiet Heroism. How few people in the big cities and towns have any idea of the life of the far interior of Queensland; where the bare com forts, to say nothing' of luxuries, of civili sation, are unknown, and where the pioneers are nearly always 'up against' hardships of one sort or another. One seldom sees in print the heroic deeds and endurance tests that are quietly performed and endured out in the 'great back 'of beyond.' Quite late ly a girl, aged about 17, performed the re markable, 'endurance test'' -/f taking a sick brother to a doctor who could only be reached by a fortnight's journey on horse back. Camping each night she got through safely to the doctor, and her brother recov ered under proper treatment. One would like to know what was passing through this brave young girl's mind as she pitched her tent each night at sundown. A boundary-rider on a station 600 miles west of Townsville was thrown from his horse a few weeks ago, breaking his legs in two places. Unable to move, without even a drop of water, exposed to the blazing tropical sun, and tortured by flies, he fay all day long; and at night was drenched by torrential rain. Tn the meantime the rider less horse had returned to the station; a search party set out and discovered the un fortunate man late the following day. We hear and read so much these times of silly endurance tests such as club swinging, skat ing, &c, but how petty and trivial such tilings are compared with this stern reality and quiet heroism. General. Tn connection with the proposed mctero logical station in North Queensland, Mr. Clement Wragge has cabled that he is un able to take up residence in the north-- this season owing to engagements in which he is deeply involved. He proposes to visit Townsville' on a lecturing tour in April. Ow ing to the apathy and indifference of the Federal Government, the citizens of Towns ville and Cairns (and other centres) are en deavouring to establish a. meterological sta tion by public and private subscription. Mr. Clement Wragge has been asked to take charge of such a station on certain terms. At present all weather reports are telegraph ed up fro*n Brisbane, and as our telephone lines are notoriously liable to delays a ship often leaves port without any advice or warning of what she is likely to encounter. It is sincerely hoped that this present cy clonic season will pass over without any disasters. ? The Federal Government aro pretty well leaving North Queensland to run itself. Catholic and Personal. Much regret was expressed at the transfer of Brother Nolan from Townsville to Bris bane. The good 'wishes of everyone follow him in his new sphere of work, i Brother Nolan has the reputation of being a success ful teacher, a good athlete, and was well liked by the pupils and general, public. The marriage of Miss S. Brady to Mr. M'. Ryan is arranged to take place at the end of February. Miss Brady is well ami pop uhirly known in Townsville for her amiable character and musical abilities. Mr.'j. E. *3as8idy (late Nudgee College), one of the Queensland Rhodes scholars, spent his Christiras in Switzerland. Mr. P. E. Kelly, son of Mr. and Mrs. J. Kelly, a well-known Catholic family in Bran don, was married to Miss Louisa Elliott, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. Elliott, of Char ters Towei»s, at the Sacred Heart Church, Townsville, on January 17. ? . -The recent social held at'Winton in aid of the church was. the usual success, and is reported to have brought in a satisfactory sum. _ ? .  Wragge's Warning. Mr. Clement Wragge offers some recent observations on the universal subject of the weather. ' Tho only intermediato prospects of intervening showers in inland and River an districts lies in the fact that the ei 'reme northern edge of an Antartio de pression, named ' Connjy, ? is S.S.W. ?i'oiii 'LueiuviYi,'' ..V.U»in,oy' munna veil, and to him f.inntih ii.unu look dur ing ihd ensuing ten days fur a temponuy ? ufrebhing precipitation. But, two gigau cio anti-cyclones, or high pressure systems « ? on either tide, are doing their utmost, us ' it wore, to block him, aud it must bo can didly admitted that the situation away trom the coast looks very serious. Solar conditions 6pell drought, as special ob servations clearly show, while opposite f fleets have been, and will yet bo manifest ii-i he Northern Hemispuru, to wit, the Vmuiicau ft iods — negiitivo and positive jihuric vibrations operating respectively y wireless wau-s, linking up the sun viththe earth. ' How much longer must wo sound the viiining note. Wu knew in 1904 that l912 wnuld do a bad yenr' in c.tiunotital Vu.vCiulia. I frankly told the peuple so ' ui.'ht yeirsftijo, ntid was laughod at by '.hone nhp had ueiihur bruins nor the wisdom to understand. But fcooryat the ?present time would he absurd. ' .Now is i he time for niauly action on tho part of ho farmers and pastoralisis. Let thsni iie up and doing — let thorn make wells. 'am the liltln -creek beds on thuii- hold 'igs, conserve, o.iiisurve, anil let not the pt'overliial 'd o ?' of ai y intervening ' ain run to wusie. ? Everybody inyited, no onepres sed to buy, at F. W. Ward aud Coy.'s winter show, Thursday,  LOCAL ASH) GSNEBAL. Pric* o* Tin.—The Sydney price of , tin is new 56/- per unit 1 Shipping.—The Charon left the offing | ' a.m. en Friday last for Fremantle.— The Bambra arrived from Fremantle on Sunday last, and left again the following morning. — The Minderoo is expected here from. Singapore about January 4. J ^"UCIC"—£eo- Gillespie left] Hillside pn the 12th inst to motor to Perth. He got as far as Roy Hill, but heavy rains then stopped his progress. I Nothing daunted he turned round and 1 made for Port Hedland to catch the f Charon. Bad roads and a tyre trouble] caused him to miss by twelve hours. 1 Passenger List.—The following pas- j sengers left for south by the Charon I !£m m Grf?ae' Mrs-. H. Jackson and [ Mrs. Montgomene and chili Miss i Johnson, Miss O'Reilly, and Messrs. J. Werrey, V. Robmaon, J. H. Harford. A. Cam, W. Goodisson, - T. Barnett, A. D. Smith, R. Parker, N. Reid, J. Bond, W. fitliis, H. Am Caporn, aacj L McNanaro. I Road Boarb.—The monthly meeting £ i?' ^ Hedfand Road Board was held on Tuesday evening, when there! were present Messrs. King (in the chair), Mannten, and Thomas.. The corres'f pondence was unimportant. It was de- I ctded to extend Hardy-street for a dis- J tence of about five chains. This road it I the main entrance to Port Hedland from 1 the country, and will prove of great bene- | fit to vehicular traffic. Several paths Were authorised and a few repairs are to | w £°"d °n, With «^rard to the | Water Board the secretary reported that! the supply of water was satisfaetory. The I meeting was a short one, atid business of i little importance. I L^rcKY Escape.—On Sunday night, j ^en»* Bambra was almost alongside, j Miss Bromilow fell off the jetty between ] the steampr and the piles. She promptly | grasped the woodwork and clung to it until she was helped to safety. Miss J Bromilow, who is said to be a good swim-1 mer, was apparently Unconcerned over | the incident, the excited ones being the I spectators on the wharf and Bambra. It j appears the young lady mistook a shadow tor a railing, and attempted fo lean on it, j but as shadows are net very substantial | she took an involuntary dive, When it I was seen that she was safe, the passen- ( 'geis good naturedly called out, " You | ought to-talte a ticket in ' Tatts.' " Miss | | Bromilow was uninjured. I The Weather, etc.—In view of Pro fessor Porte's prophecy regarding a] rewrd sun-spot, storms, etc, not a few in ™t Hedland resorted to, the use of I smoked glass fast week in an' endeavor to I see the sun without affecting the eyes. J However, no sun-spot . was .visible. } Apropos of weather predictions, it is I stated that Mr. Wragge forecasted j practically drought conditions, for Aus-| StaT 1920-21-22-23-24. Although Mr. Wragge is very clever, we J tntjit he is a long way off the track in Wch a prophecy. He b also alleged to j nave stated that this summer is to see { Seyere disturbances, cyclones, etc. During j the recent rains Portree had over an inch j and a half, Corunna Downs 150, Roy j Hill 4111., Noreena Downs 115 points, I Bonney Downs splendid rain, Bamboo Springs 2in,? and Hillside over 3m. The latter station lyas badly in need of rain, and the welcome fall has saved the situ ation. Port Holland since last week has had 03 points. Inconveniencing the Public.— Twenty passengers left for south by the Charon dunng Thursday night last. Some of them had come well over 100 miles, and when they arrived here were ^formed that the Charon was npt calling. After several wires had been despatched to the captain of the steamer, bis final wire was to the effect that if 3. lighter could be sent out to him he would take passengers and mails. As thb was impossible, all hope of the boat coming in was abandoned. However, as a last resource a deputation waited upon the chairman of the Road Board, and he forwarded a wire to the general manager for the Singapore boats at Fremantle, explaining matters. This had the effect of a wireless being despatched to the Charon stating it was imperative tha^t she should call at Port Hedland, The ship had evidently gone past the port, for when she was sighted she was coming up from a westerly direction. Just bpfoje dark two ship's boats arrived from the Charon, but why the steamer did not come in is best known to the captain. She was drawing only 15ft. 6:n. (according to the officers), and at 7 p.m..there were 17ft. on the bar and the tide, had still nearly two hours to rise before being full. The captain could have come in and gone out before JB.39 p.m. with ease, for at the latter hour there were at least 19ft. on the bar, but more likely 20ft. However, the lifeboats came ip, and after embarking the mails and passengers the officer in charge, to the surprise of everyone, started out against the ticle and a " cockeye " looming up. It was blowing very haftl, and after about an hour's battling one boat returned and waited for the tide to turn, while the other, had net been able to get out of the creek, and tied up to one of the buoys. To endeavor to row out four miles against a rising tide, a strong wind, and choppy sea, was so absurd that no one thought a start would be made until the condition* were more favorable. How ever, the boats eventually reached the steamer Some time after midnight, and the. Charon got under weigh about 1 a.m. on Friday, having lost at least four and a half- hours thcougn what, the residents consider " pure cussedness " on the part of the captain in refusing to come in. Indignation Meeting.—A largely at tended meeting of residents, including several inlanders, was held in the Me chanics' Institute on Friday night last to protest against the manner in which the people are'being treated by the steamers. Full particulars of what Happened on Thursday night last appears under " In conveniencing i:he Public.1' The matter was debated at fair length. Dr. Browne stated inter alia that it was nothing short of criminal to ask women and children to go out several miles on a dark night in open boats, with a storm brewing, and he thought it was about time this scandal should stop. All of the speakers were of the same opinion. Finally a motion was unanimously carried to the effect that the. two overseas companies (controlling the Singapore boats) be communicated with through Mr. J. E. Clarke (superintend ent), and also the State Steamship De partment, setting out Thursday night's occurrence, giving full particulars—depth of water available for the steamer,. pointing out (hat the Gves of the pas sengers, including women and children, were imperilled through being compelled to go out in open boats with a storm im pending, and that it took the boats five hours to reach the steamer after leaving the jetty, ate. It was also decided to. approach the Qovernment through Mr. Uuderwoqd, M.L.A., to endeavor to se cure,a motor boat for Port Hedland for! harbor work and for cases of emergency. For the convenience of inlanders, who came hundreds ol miles to catch steamers, it was decided to ask the agents to let the public know as soon as a ship left Singapore whether she was going to call at Port Hedland. If this information became available it would save the in land people considerable expense and' inconvenience.. The meeting was unani mously of the opinion that it was about time the. people of Pilbarra were catered for in a better manner than has been the case for some time past, and it is thought that the management will, when everything is pointed out, endeavor to remove the disadvantages under which the residents exist. Mr. McDonald, chairman of the Road Board, convened and presided over the meeting.  CU URENJ TOPICS. New Insolvent.--Edward Jackson, of Launceston, leather dealer, has filed a petition. with the Registrar (M\r. N. V. Barnett) for the liquidation of his affairs. !Iis liabilities are estimated at about £150. Newnham Races.--The May meeting of the Newnham Racing Club will take place at Mowbray on Saturday. The lirst race will start at 1.45, and trains will leave the Launceston Railway Sta tion for the course at 1.10 and 1.25 p.m. City Council.-The city coiucil will meet as uisBal on Monday. After the town clerk has read the minutes, his Worship the Mayor (Alderman WV C. Oldham) will make a short reference to his late Majesty King Elward. No busi ness will be *transacted, and the meeting will adjourn for a fortnight. Trimmer Injured.-A trimmer engaged on the t.s. Loongana m?et with a rather serious accident on Tuesflay night, when the vessel was coming from Melbourne. it appears that while working in the stoke-hold he slipped and fell, severely in juring his back. Upon arrival of the vessel at the wharf the injured sman received medical attention. Serious Charge.--ln the case of the elderly man Jolhn Rushton, who stands charged on two counts with a serious of fence, alleged to have been committed at Gladstone, a remand until to-morrow has been granted. This course was the outcome of anl application to Mr. E. L. I[all, P.M., made yesterday morning by lDetective-lnspcctor Donovan, who ex. plained that the adjournment was by ar. raugement. The accused was present in custody. Remarkable Discovery.-The workmen engaged in excavation operations on the site of Nestle's milk condensing factory, at Warrnambool (Vie.), have come across what is believed to be a petrified human hand. It was unearthed at a depth of 20 feet, and is complete from the wrist to the finger points. The finger nails are clearly defined. The object resembles a clay substance similar to the ground in which it was discovered. It most probably will be procured for the local museum. Engines Derailed.-Last evening's train from Scottsdale to Launceston met with a slight accident, which delayed her arrival in town by about an hour. When the train was approaching the Tunnel station the engine left the rails. After an hour's delay, during which time the engine was replaced on the metals, the train continued its journey. The mail train from IIobart also suffered a de tention of about two hours yesterday morning. The delay was caused by a breakdown of the engine before reaching Conara. A.N.A.-The fortnightly meeting of the Australian Natives will be held at S o'clock to-night in the classroom of the Mechanics' Institute. The committee will meet at 7.30 for the transaction of important business. Unless the meeting be adjourned on account of the demise of the King, several questions of inter est will be discussed. The matter of issuing members' certificates will be dealt with, and oflicers for the ensuing term nominated. The syllabus item will be extempore speaking, which should cause a good deal of amusement. The public, as usual, are cordially invited. 'lheosophy.-"Life's Mysteries and the Answer of Theosophy," was the subject of a lecture delivered by Mr. IMartyn, president of the Sydney Theosophical Lodge, at the local rooms, Tamar-street, last night. Life he regarded as the unfolding of a divine germ-a germ which was planted in every human breast. This idea involved the brotherhood of man, which was the one fundamental idea of theosophy-a brotherhood not implying equality, however. This divine germ Sassumed many forms, as illustrated in the different races of the world, and coming into life again, and again gradually gain ed experience and attained perfection. An interesting discussion followed. Accident on a Ketch.-A youth named Basil Stephens was brought to the city yesterday by the river steamer Rowitta t suffering from severe burns. The in juries were received while he was work ing with his father on the auxiliary ketch William, at Beauty Point. From infor mation received, it appears that Stephens was attending to the engine, but as an order to go astern was not obeyed, the f master of the vessel went to invcstigate, and looking down the cabin hatch, found t the boy lying across the engine. lie had 1 evidently been overpowered by the gas - fumes, as he was in an unconscious t condition. The heat from the engine 1 had also severely burnt the boy's foot and leg. Passengers Disappear.--Ouring the voyage from London to Australia of the I Royal Mail Orient liner Ophir, which ar rived at Port Melbourne on Monday, two t third-class passengers disappeared at dif Cerent stages of the trip, and in each case it is supposed that the missing men jumped overboard. The first of these Stragic incidents happened the night fol Slowing the departure of the liner from Marseilles, and although a strict search was made for the missing man, no trace of him was discovered. Subsequently, Slwhen the vessel was crossing the Indian I Ocean, a second man was missed, and was not afterwards seen. He is said to Shave been peculiar in his manner for some time previously: Both of the men, by a comincidence, were booked for Fremantle, - but they yvere strangers to one another. The King's Funeral.-The council of Sthe Traders' Association will to-day give e consiselration to the suggestion made 1 by the MIayor (Alderman W. C. Oldham) in yesterday's "Eixaminer," that the business places should close-on Friday Safternoon, 20th inst., in lieu of Wednes dad so as to ensure all the employees getting away in time to attend the "in memoriam" services for the late King. to be held on that day. The meeting will take place at 11 o'clock. The chair man (hMr. C. Dempster) has informed his Worship that several of the members are inclined to fall in with the proposal. - Tt is understodd, however, that there are others who favour closing both after noons, whilst a third proposal is that the shops should remain open on Wed neeay, and be closed throughout the whole of the Friday. The matter will be billy disonsmed at to-day'. meeting. A Snaring Covw.-Recently several per sons residing at a boarding.-ous at Stawell, Victoria, drew the borough coun. cil's attention to a nuisance caused by the repeated mooing throughout the night of a cow in an adjoining ard, The matter was reported to the health inspector (Mr. George Humphreys), who on Friday evening replied as follows. "As regards the mooing of the cow I have made a pathological examinatlon of this animal, and from information re. ceived as to its peculiarities, find that the quadruped, like many bipeds, suffers from al particular physical failinii known comunonly as snoring. I have spoken to the owner, who has promised me that in future this cow' will not be allowed to dine so freely before retiring for the night, and, in consequence of this, I do not think there need be any fear that for some time, at least, the cow and her dissatisfied neighbours will not be able to enjoy the benefit of a peaceful slumber." Girls' Industrial School.-The usual monthly meeting of the ladies' com. mittee was held on Tuesday at the resi. dence of Mrs. Button, when there were present-Mrs. Button (in the chair), Mrs. A. Clarke, Miss Mosey, and Mrs. Scott (secretary). Apologies were received from Mesdames Barnes and Lakin. The matron's report was read, and considered satisfactory. It showed that the general health and conduct of the girls was good. Two little girls had been admitted dur. ing the month. The weekly gymnasium class had been reopened, Miss A. White again kindly acting as instructress. The committee was indebted to Mr. Coogan for the gift of eight pairs of clubs for the use of the class. It was decided to make an effort in the form of a concert in aid of the piano fund, this being a much-felt want. The usual accounts were passed for payment, and the follow. ing contributions were thankfully acknowledged:-"Courier" and daily paper, "Examiner" office; pears. Mrl. Wheatley; vegetables and fruit, Margaret-street harvest festival; jam, a friend; apples, a friend; buns, IMr. Innocent; fruit and vegetables, Iadspen harvest festival; vegetables, Mrs. Price. Solar Observatory for Australia.-Lec. turing on the "Romance of the Atmo. epherc," at the Town Hall, HIobart, on Tuesday night, and dwelling largely on the methods of weather forecasting, MIr. Clement Wragge touched upon the sub. ject of la astronomical and solar ob. servatory for Australia. This, lie point. ed out would be a great deal more re. liable and accurate than the system at present in use, for it was the change in the colour systemnthat more often than not caused the change in the weather, and airected the seasons. While in India he had even been able to forecast the stay of disease simply by observing the chaniges of weather that wouhi be wrought by disturbances in the solar system. lfe was pleased to hear that there was a possibility of an observa tory being erected on the site of 'the proposed federal capital at Yass-Can berra, and he was doubly pleased 'because while he was in the Queensland Meteoro. logical Department he had constantly ad vocated this site, but he liad.been laugh. ed at. "But I knew it, I knew it," said he. "They thought old Wragge was wrong, but now they've found out that he's right." (Applause.)-"Daily Post." Weather Forecasts.-Apropos of some recent remarks in the "Examiner" on the subject of weather forecasting, it is interesting to note that notwithstand. ing the inauspicious date, the Meteorolo. gical Office, London, on April 1 inaugu rated a new and interesting departure as regards its forecasts. Hitherto (says a London paper), in deference to the cproverbial fickleness of the British cimate, these have been for. 24 hour only, but in future, when the condition appear to warrant it, a forecast for several days ahead will be issued. .n illustration of the possibilities in this respect has been afforded by the weta ther of the past weec, the barometer very generally standing high, the condi. tions being known to meteorologists as anti-cyclonic, and such as normally would justify a forecast of fine weather dur ing several days. On the other hand, with an unsettled type of weather such as is commonly associated with cyclonic disturbances, the prospects are lesi easily gauged, and in such circumstances the Meteorological Office will in future frankly say so. An intimation of these differences in the outlook will, it is hoped, prove especially useful to agri culturists. Recruiting Labour.-Considerable in. terest has been manifested in the en deavours of the Queensland sugar com panies to recruit labour in Tasmania, and the efforts of the agents have been com bated in more than a few quarters. At an open-air meeting held at the Cornwall Squ.-re last night, under the auspices of the local Labour people, Senator ReadV, in a general way, urged the labourers lwho had been attracted by the offers of remunerative employment not to under mine unionism, 'which the signing of the agreement drawn up by the mill pro prietors practically meant. Mr. E. Evans, secretary of the Tasmanian branch of the A.W.U., explained the clauses of the agreement in a manner calculated to im press 'the workers with the idea that labour on the Queensland sugar planta. tions would not be all it 'had been repre sented to be. A resolution was passed to tihe effect that, in view of the terms of thee agreement the men were required to sign, and also in view of information re ceived from union sources that there 5ss plenty of local labour obtainable, it would be detrimental to the best interests of the workers of Tasmania and also the Queensland sugar workers if the agree ment were signed. Tie meeting also pledged itself not 'to sign the proposed agreement, and 'to use its 'best endeavours to prevent it being signed by others, a° it w?as believed to be directly opposed to organised labour. "Downing-street" Sent to fee the Colonies.-"Note on a visit to Auss tralia, New Zealand, and Fiji," is the title of a short White Paper (says the "Daily Mail"), which inaugurates a new epoch in the history of the Colonial Office. It is a step to replace red tipi by personal contact and friendship, to send the permanent officials in Downing street out to see the dominions whiol they have hitherto known chiefly in Blue Books. Lord Crewe, the Colonial Secre tary, adopted the new idea from s proposal made by Mr. Dealkin at the Im' perial Conference of 1907. He sent out Sir Charles Lucas, the Assistant Permsa nent Under-Secretary, and now Sil Charles has written a brief note on thi lessons lie learnt. He admits that the time spent, seven months, was too short, and that the fact that he stayed mostly with Governors may have coloured his views. But 'he saw on the spot the origin of 'the colonial feeling again"s "Downing-street," and that the remedy is cheapness and frequency of coimmuni cation. Owing to the cost of cablegrams lie noticed in the Australasian press "half-knowledge" of home affairs, whki lie says, may have a dangerous effect of public opinion. He notes the good re' sult of the Imperial Press Conference i a cheapening cablegrams, but urges tbt personal visits are still more valuble. "I earnestly -hope for further cheaspensi of steam communication, and shold welcome any measure which would ple visits to England more within -reach " SLabour representatives." He urges re petition of visits like his by permnlee officials. He speaks very highly of cr Zealand-"it would be difficult to pai to any part of the world which combirt Smore advantages within the same spe --and considers tiat inadequate t'n and telegraphic communication with j haaaot tha High ommsluiona r, J Conferences in Hobart.-Two import ant conferences. are being projected, and twill take place in Hobart in the course of a few days. One will be that of fruitgrowers, to consider a letter from at Messrs. Henry Jones and Co., Limited, with respect to a scheme for exploiting da new markets in the East in connection cO with the export of fruit. The other will be a conference of members, of the IV, Chamber of Commerce and others inter- by ested in the subject of the new railway lhi station for Hobart. In connection with this very desirable object it is necessary Vi (says the "Mercury"), that something to definite should he rormulated, and aC T' united voice raised for better and iran- ~ proved railway facilities in time for the to fortheoning meeting of the State Par liament, when several matters of rail- hl way policy and railway management a are likely to be debated. Halley's Comet.-Our Stanley corre- m spondent writes:-Halley's comet has to been so frequently seen by Stalley rcsi- si dents as to induce thle familiarity which Is said to breed contempt. The impres- of sions of those favoured with a view are b) somewliat conflicting, but all express dis- fo appointment at the celestial visitor's lack I a of imposing personality, so to speak. Cer- uc tsinly, one estimable townsman, "going to home witli the milk in the morning," re- Di ports the appearance of twin comets of S1 fearsome aspect, which lashed fiery tails, es after the nmaunner assumed by hungry de lions. His statement was considered s highly interesting, and has been filed at tie local observatory, pending confirms- 1 tion. It is to be hloped that the report b3 may be substantiated, as the incident fur- 1D mishes about the sole relieving feature a, in connection with this much-boomed ;, comet. Of course, Halleys production al may prove satisfactory to most people, se but this community takes a large size ,1 in comets and absolutely declines to ac- M cept an article that wouldn't find a place NM in a ssvoud-rate circus. II The Eclipse.--Our Stanley correspon- tc deu?t writes under date Wednesday:-- in The almost total eclipse of the sun occa- to sioned much interest on Monday, and tilhe ci favourable weather conditions mnade hi every stage distinctly visible. At the [dnal stage but a minute streak remained is nmobscured, and the gradually fading at light had a weird effect. Smoked glass Is everywhere predominated, and through 0 its medium ex'tced groups ioted the l] changing aspect of the world's illuminary. U Those most conversant with the mysteries mc of the solar system obt:ained strong w glasses at the nearest "pub," and their N observations were regarded as the more Z occurate. To the writer. 'however, Itheir observations appeared singularly iudi.- : cinet and incoherent, but this may ihave 1 ibeen due to an excited imaginwcion. pl Others arrived on the scene provided withl i specially-prepared telescopes, and the ci primitive smoked glass in the immuediate 5 vicinity suffered a decided slump in local n estimation. The sense of relief to all fi sighters was apparent when, shortly be- t. fore retiring to rest. Old Sol beamed forth as brightly as before.his temporary .obscuration. t Poultry, Pigeons, and Canaaces.-A profitable hour can always be spent in I viewing a good show of poultry, pigeons, 'and eags birds, and such an exhibition was witnessed at the Temperance Hall yester-. day afternoon and evening. It was the occasion of the initial show of the iLaunceston Poultry Club, an organisation that has not yet been in existence a I year. The committee, however, is an active body, and when it first mentioned the idea of holding a young bird show, the matter was taken up warmly, more especially by the young breeders, and the 1 eresult was a splendid exhibition of poultry, pigeons, and canaries. The entries in the two last-named classes (were principally supplied by members of the N.T. Canary, Cage Bird, and Pigeon Society, this exhibition taking the place of the latter body's monthly young bird show. Tile exhibits were of splendid quality, some very fine poultry being ppenned. A resident of Surrey Hills, Victoria, who is spending a few months "in this city, and who has conducted a large poultry farm for several years, was b. visitor to the ball, and he declared that ie was favourably impressed with the show of poultry, some of which would k*i credit to the show pens of the larger states. Man, whose industrial occupations and sporting and political life have been in vaded by the new woman, is going to be completely revenged. It has been ar ranged that he shall wear gorgeous at tire, more strikingly brilliant than any thing he has hitherto donned. As to any very distinct change in footwear our authority is silent. Petterd and Co. continue to supply the best quality of boots and shoes in the most fashionable shapes. Boot Palace prices are still the towest in the state. Tel. 191.* Got a sold? Don't let it grow into a cough that might end in consumption. Tussine, the great'chest preserver and lung healer, is waiting to rout all the cough from your chest. It acts quickly; it cures surely. If you want the best cough remedy on the market, you must buy Tussine, the cough cure. Price 1/6 anmd 2/G--Hatton and Laws. Druggists, Launceston.* Beaconsfield.-Mr. R. Stewart Padman, Ophthalmic Optician and Sight/Specialist, .vill visit Beaconsfield on Wednesday, May 18, and may be consulted at Mlorgan's Exchange Hotel from 1 p.m. to 9 p.m. Intending clients are invited to commu nicate with head office, 62 St. John-street, .iunceston, when special appointment ?ill be arranged.* Diamonds are Trumps at Stewart's. 'Our display of diamond half-hoop and gipsy rings is especially good just now. ITe have diamond rings from four pounds to fifty-five pounds each." You are in Cited to inspect thei.-Fli. and W. Stewart, Jewellers, 100 Charles-street, Launceston.*  CURRIENT TOPICS. Hotels Raidd.--'The police paid close attention to the hotels yesterday, seve ral of which were raided. As a result of the visitation some prosecutions for Sunday trading are likely to follow. The 'Appleland Courier."--So that cer tain of the proceedings incidental to the events of Friday last may be illustrated, the "Appleland" number of the "Courier" will not be published until Thursday, June 2. New I.nsolvent.-William Jas. Ilison, of MIoreton, near Sprent, farmer, has filed a petition with the Registrar. (Mr. N. V. Barnett) for the liquidation of his affairs. His liabilities are estimated at '£300. Charge of Vagrancy.-On Saturday night Constable Cooper arrested William Watson, aged 3S, on a charge of vag rancy. It is stated that he has no fixed place of abode or means of gaining a livelihood, and has only recently com pleted a sentence for a similar offence. The English Mail.-The Orient Com pany's R.M.S. Osterley, with English files and letters to April 22, reachedAde,. laic'e on Saturday. Her mails for the eastern states were sent on by express train, and the Tasmanian portion will arrive by the Loongana on Wednesday. The Game Laws.-At a meeting of tne Executive Council a proclamation pro hibiting the hunting of deer and opossum in Tasmania, except on King Island, for a period of 12 months, was approved Albatross and Poster Islands, in Base Straits, have been proclaimed sanctuari?s for sea birds. lainful Accident.-Our Lisle-road cor respondent writes:-A very painful acci dent happened to Mr. M. Ferguson a day or so ago. He was engaged carting stone with bullocks, whllen, by some means or other, in walking alongside his leam, he tripped and fell. The wheel of the dray with its load passed over one of his legs below the knee. Fortunately, no bones were broken, which seems hardly credible. Sun Spot Activity.-Mr. Clement Wragge writes:-"Great changes have taken place in the great sun spot or solar storm since Thursday. It has in creased in energy, and is now about 27,000 miles in diameter, and the smaller solar disturbances, also noted on the 10th, have largely amalgamated with the main nucleus. Th?t the earth is re sponding, and will yet respond, to the etheric.vibrations hurled adrift by this great solar cyclone, is certain, and we may expect to hear that abnormal tidal action or seismic or volcanic disturb ance has taken place in such parts of the earth as are most liable to be affected. Arroral displays may be expected in high latitudes" . . , "A Rogue in Ambush."--The proprie- I tors of the 'Courier" have secured from oni Ward, Lock, and Co., Limited, the Tas- wit manian copyright of a thrilling new fo' serial tale by that clever writer, 1leadon H' Hill. The story is entitled "A Rogue in a Ambush," ald the opening chaoters will 10 he publtshed in this week's numrber. The sue "Courier" is noted for the excellence of for its serials, and "A Rogue in Ambush" fn will be found at particularly interesting, ia story. ti l Mishap to a 'Bus Horse.-A peculir 'lie n: a.,p uve urr'. to one of the ýand hill 'bus Ihorses on Friday evening at do the top of \'ellinlgton-road. A swingle- e tree became detached, and one of tie th anilmals fell. In soUler. unexplained mlain- f nIr this horse got hboth hind legs through so one of the wheels, and a curious situa tion presented itself. duch difficulty it was experienced in freeing the horse front tile position it had got into. This, however, was succes.fully done, the horse tl having only received a few sliglht cuts. tr Those who witnessed thle accident were t surprised at the anuimal escaping serious t injury. fi Exciting Bolt.-About 2 o'clock on Sat- 1C urday afterinoon, when the tralffic was a very heavy. "at exciting holt occurred in to 'Tantar-street. A pair of horses at- tr tacited to a cab driven by George Mar- fi, riner took frighit in Tamtar-street througt fe one of hlie reins breaking The driver ki caught the off-sitie horse by the head, ,, but was tumble to hold it. The pair cc galloped across Victoria Bridge, nar rowly missing several vehicles, and con- ti tinued along itverunay-roai. -Near the Park IHotel the cab was brought to a staandstill by aL collision with a iree guard. Tihe tree was broken off wihtinl three feet of the ground, and ithe enclo- A sure smashed. One of the horses receiv. n ed cuts in its shoulders and one leg, i\1 \\hile the cab was also damaged. to The Recent Eclipse.-Mr. E. C. Driflield (engineer and surveyor of Mount Lyell, e Tasmania). Ias, said Mr. Baracehi, of i the Melbourne Observatory, been more fortunate than the Bruny lsland party in securing a beautiful observation of ti the corona of tce total eclipse on May 9. Mr. Drillield's observations, covering as they do the form, colour, and extent of h the corona, are very valuable (says the t1 Government Astronomer), and should certainly be communicated to the astro nomers in Englandl and Europe. "The corona," states Mlr. Driffield, "appeared tl regular in form, concentric with and It evenly distributed round the moon's disc, la except in the south-eastern quadrant, where two streamers issued, straight for g sonime distance, then curved down plumee like. The extent of the corona was es titmated to be about half ia degree from the limb, its strue.ture was striated, andtl the colours merged gradually from deep I orange at the base to pale green. The length of the streamers was at least two diameters. London Missionary Society.-The Rev. I1 George Willia-ms, the newly-appointed G Australasian secretary of tile London i iissionary Society, wtho has replaced e Stihe Rov. Joseph lKing, retired,' and the g lRev. T. Lord (late of the Madagascar t mission) are at present in Launceston. They constitute the annual deputation it on behalf of the society. These gentle men preached at Christ Ohurch andt Tamar-street Church yesterday, and their sermons had reference to the important I work of the society anti the Madagascar mission in particular. In the after- m noon the speakers addressed, a united r meetinlg of Sunday schools in 'Milton Hall 1 on missionary work. The offerings for t the day were on behalf of foreign mis. L sions. To-tmorrow night t'e Rlev., Wil liams will give a lanitern lecture in Mil r ton Hall, amid at the same place on Wed- I D nesday night the Rev. Lold will speak t g on Madagascar. Each address will eon. o tain a mass of interesting information, I including useful statistics, on the work I, of the society. 1 nfectious Diseases.\-Wlhen interviewed s at Hobart on friday with regard to the , statements made at a meeting of the o Devon Hospital Board a few days ago itu reference to infectious diseases cases, the Chief Secretary (Dr. Butler) said: d "Hospital authorities have overlooked t. the fact that under the Health Act local n bodies shall provide hospitals for infec tious diseases. If they do not do so the Chief Health Officer, under PaJt i'1. d of. the act, may compel them to do so. n Seeing that during the past 12 ,months r there have been a number of cases of diphtheria in thie district mentioned, it i.t advisable that some provision should be made. Lt is also thought that it 0 would be a benelit to the local authori c ties to be able to make use of Devon o Hospital, and pay for the infectious tt cases sent into that institution, saving them from the expense of providing and tna.intaining a spceial hospital. 'rhis tl?e local authorities decline to do, and it is time they realised their responsibilities, as Hobart and the adjoining municipali ties have done." lQuestiotl of troprnety.-Siome remarris made by Archbishop Uarr during an in terval in a programme which was being carried out at; a charity concert in the It Cathedral Hall, Melbourne, on Wednes dr tlay evening, caused a somewhat painful impression tamongst the large audience. The programme included an ordin:ey r- proportion of vocal anlt instrumental to ilultb-r, an well ats some dances, d amongst whbich was a "fancy dance," r" given.by a gil. about 10 years old. Arcih y, bishlop Carr, who had been seated with Archlaishop I)elalny (Hlobart) on a front c row seat, made some remarks at the in a torval. Hlie said that the atudiene hand .reasomn to tthank tite performers not only isfor tassisting in a good cause, but for t providing a very pleasant evenings otn tertainment. lie regretted, hmowever, that he had to make one exception us Sregards his expressions of spproval. It w as a painful thing for hiim to do, buit lie felt bountd to do it in justice to hIimself and to the fathers and mothers present. a "As for myself," concluded Arclhbishop SUCarr, "I have not previously seen any tlhing of the kind. I pray God I never nt- will again." Amongst those who ap sh plauded Archbishop Carr's remarks was . tIhe little girl herself, whlo was sitting he in a line with the ecclesiastical party, lss but who was as happily unconscious of 'ill aiy rebuke as shie lhad apparentlj been 8Y of any impropriety. ne The Kittens of Koseiusko.-lu the 0- courae of his lecture on Saturday night mz upon the "Romance of the A.tmnosphere" or Mr. Clement Wragge was interestingly ed aneedotal. Everyboldy knowvs how en ts tthusiastic Mr. Wragge is in the matter I of meteorology, but his audience was vrisibly surprised wthtn he related his first ac. association with the practical sieo of the i work. This was when hlie volunteered y to climnb len Nevis every day in order to take hihm-level readings. "People is thought I was mad, tbut 1 wasn't," he said. "I wasn't much to look at, but eT vas ihard as nails, aid utdertook the twork." A few lantern slides showed n how arduous and perilous that work was. Ily Then twhen Mr. Wragge transferred his energy and -Iis enthusiasm to Australia hIe established a higlevesta Iigt-levl Station on ut the summit of Mount Wellilngton, and Le later another on tile top of MIount Kos or ciusiko, where accommodation for a staff in- was provided by Sir George Reid wlhen at lie was Premier of New South Wales. he As a pet tile staff had a cat. 'The pri on mary duty of tihe snen on Koscinsko, itl the lecturer explained, was to take ob S.servations every foutr hours, but -he gave he them a supply of spirits of wine, in his which to preserve any strange speciments we they mnight encounter. "And what do a v you think happened?" said Mr. Wragge. rh- "'Wily, Vto eat had kittens. Funny place, he wasn't it, to do a thing like that? And ed* what do you imagine became of thoce in kittena? My men sent them down to me In osxih'" (Lo IaLUghuter,) Police Court.-At the City Police Court on Saturday morning Thomas Brown, who admitted the theft of a pair of fowls from the premises of the General Hospital, was treated as a first-offender. A sentence of 14 days was suspended on condition that defendant found a surety in £ 10 to be of good behaviour for 12 months.--Robert Jones, arrested for vigrancy, was remanded for convey. ance to the ŽNew Town Charitable .lnsl. tution.--Mr F. G. Ilobkirk appeared for RIobert Wilson, who proceeded against Theodore R. Rattray for assault. )De icnd.uit plea,·lcd nut guilty. The ?vi deuce indicated thatl the palties, who were Patersonia farmers, had clashed in the matter of the imnpounding by de. fendant of soime of plaintiff's ?tock. \il. son had visited a neigbbouring property wiLt the ,idea of appointing its owner his arbitrator on the .point of damages, and it was there that the assault was alleged to have been commnsitted. Rat. tray hald endeavoured to s.erve Wilson witll a neimons, anud his refusal to accept it had, according to the evidence of plaintiff, been followed by.an attack fromu Rattray, who struck him two viao lent blows on the face. WVlianm Rich ards, the intended arbitrator, testified as to the assault, and the Police Mtagis t.rate (Mr. E. L. Hall) said he was satis. tied the offence 'had been coummitted. De fendant, who pleadled, that Wilson had kicked dirt over his clothes and face, was fined C1 and ordered to pay Os lid court costs, 13s witnesses' expenses, and £1 lb counsel fee, with the alterna tire of a montih's imprisonment. He was ,llowed 14 dlayS to find the amount. Institute of Mliniing -ngiueera.-U-ne of the most interesting meetings of the Austahlasian Institute of Miinng Engi neers yet held will take place at Mounas iMorgan, Queensland, at the end of this tuonth. The headquarters of the orgam. sation is in Melbourne, but branches are established in other states of the Coan monwealth and in New Zealand. The important function of the year is always a movable one, held at the chief mining centres in the different states by rota tion. Last year the meeting took place in Kalgoorlie; this year the Mount Mor gan mine and district has been selected for the visit. The olfficial programme of the tour really commences at Brisbhne on the 25th of the month, where all visitors from the southern state and New Zealand will assemble. Members from the West, Broken Hill, and Tasmama, left Melbourne by the Sydney express last Saturday, en route to Mount Mor. gun. The party will visit the Oympie mines, under the guidance of Colonel D, Reid, one of the leading mining magnates on that field. Outings from Mount Morgan will consist of visits to the Mount Chalmers field, Yeppoon, or Emou Park, river trips on the Fitzroy, and an inspection of the harbour wortks at Rocick hamp'ton. On the return journey a de. viation will be made to the Many Peal;a field, and a short stay will be made at Gladstone. The Queensland Minister of Miines (Mr. J. G. Appel) will hold a re reption in honour of the occasion at Brisbane on the arrival of members in that city this week. The presidential address will be delivered by Mr. G. Rich. L ards, general manager of the Mount Mor. gaun mine. r The Week's \Veather.-Tho Acting. Divisional Officer at Hobart supplies the following synopsis of the weather for the week ending lMay 20:-This week heavy, [ rain has fallen in the west and north 1 west to north-east, but very little at the telegraphic stations in the east, south, Derwent, and midland districts. The rear of a depression caused some light - eowers in tihe west and south on the 14th, but hoar frosts were reported from the east and north-east. Another area of low pressure followed on the 16tht the front edge of which caused light showers Sgenerally, which turned to heavy rain in the north, west, and' north-east' on the 17th, the maximumn falls reported being 160 points at Scottsdale and 150 at Rm garooma, but only light showers fell in the east and south. The weather then became liner and warmer, with heavy, dews and reosts in places, though some stations reported light showers. North w1 est to south-west winds prevailed ait the week, light to strong in force chielly. T 'he nmaxunum temperatures at Hobart ranged from 54 degrees on the 15t i to ,3 degrees on the 18th, and from O5 s degrees on the 17th to 60 degrees on the 71th at Launceston. The rainfall for the week was:-Northern-Stanley, 05 If points; Irish Town, 137; Burnie, 113;i t Devonport, 102; Cressy, 69; Launceston, 180; Bleaconsfield, 201; Low Head, 113;; a Scottsdale, 169i; Sheffield, 132. West s Coast-Waratah, 198; Zeehan, 241; Cap, R orell, 90. )erwien'--Hamilton, 20. i1 ast Coast--1 oobyalla, 37; Eddystone, U30; Ringaroonma, 165; Gould's Country, S45; St. Helen's, 7; Scamsander, Ii; aIn. thinna, 34; St. Mary's, 10; Swansea, 28,. ' lidland-lOatlands, 24. South-cast - Brighton, 14; Glenorcly, 17; Hobart, 146 s Springs, 27; Rokeby, 6; [Iyldme, 19; Port - Cygnet, 12. cg Seasonal Forecasts.--Mr. Clement ic Wragge was at no pains in his lecture. s- of Saturday evening to conceal his opin il ion that the Commonwealth has a long e. way to go to attain the perfection its sy people have a right to expect in meteor II ological matters. Thie conditions are , such, he saie, bhat they could easily, i have the finest sweather service in tile i- world. lie laid special stress upon the I possibility and practicability of the seae - sonal forecast, anld expressed the opin - ion that Austra-lia, in view of what id droughlt entails, should not be happyf ly ('until it wais given official information Sr as to whalt kind of seasons might be . expected. "'it has been done in India," . said Mr. Wragge, "and it can be done , here." As regarlds the ordinary diurnal t forecasting, Shr. Wragge, by obtaining ie certa.in data from beyond Australia, If holds that lS per cent. of accuracy could it. be obtained. Evidently, in Mr. Wragge's p opinion, if Australia were in Amerrie it would be done. The United States Sspends £300,000 a year on its weather bureau. "They do things there," re Smarked tlhe lecturer, regretfully. "I1 Australia there is no money for even so practical a science as meteorology." In partieular he deplored the abandon en ment of the high-level observing stations hie established on the sumnmits of Mounts Wellington and Koseiusklo. Iigh-level he daita, he explainedxl, were of the utmost ht value in forecasting work. As the sailor 'e" used the lead to ascertain that ewater ly wasn under his ship, so thie meteorologiset m- must know what was in the a.ir above. er To be content with stations lilf-way '.s was only half doing things; whereas Mr. Cst WVragge said his method wvas to do the Ie properly, or leave them alone. That ~ed was the spirit in which hle worked up his ler met?orological service under the aus le pices of the Queenslavnd.Government, and he it was a bitter disappointment whlen, it after federation, smash went his bureau 'etl and met.orological work ,wai sent into: ed the lee scuppers. Mr. Wragge's presen 5. tation of whlat an Australian weather 'is bureau could and should accomplish wars lia loudly applauded. on " Just Opening New Silverware Worthy oh SYour Lnspectlon.-Grape pattern goods, n very new and unique, in tea sets, trays, es. cream and sugars, comport dishes. piel ri-' dishes, water jugs, etc. Also, "Tedd; to, Bear" plates, bowls, etc., for the baby.'' ,b- F. and W. Stewart, Jewellers, 100 Charlen ye. slreet. Launeeston.* in Hoses for water or steam, fishing wade revi -s. engine paclkings, hot-Semter bottlehs, do -Tndtiarhber Co., OGeorge-stret.* ge. Concert-The posttoned concert of t?M cc, Deloraine Choral Society will be Iheld nad morrow evening. see' Fair.-A fair le to be hold at St. W wald's, Trevallyn, on Wedesdslay, 1in S of the TnaraJlyz Glridu gnlba,  THE POST.! SATURDAY, J AN UARY 24. 1911." fi 6ÎETE0RÔL0GISÂL STATION. The demand for a properly equipped meteorological station in the North, which has been pressed more urgently by Cairns than by any other place, has now been actively ta^en up by 2 ownsville. As the largest town concerned in this question, and as a place which has proved peculiarly liable to cyclonic visi- tations, Townsville does well to. interest itself in the matter. At the present time of the year and under present weather condi- tions, every North - Queensland centre is alive to the importance of the subject. Full details of the big meeting at Townsville are not yet to hand, - but the facts and conclusions which {.'.inrni'n Sunter and the other speakers must have placed before their hearers are already familiar to the majority of Cairns resi- dents. A scheme was outlined bv which, at an estimated cost of under £400. a station could be established for the hurricane season this, year, and as time vas urgent, it was decided to approach the- coastal towns by wire, lt was recognised that the station must be established at Cairns or Townsville, and it was decided to form a commit- tee to approach the shinning firms and others interested. Thi&lt;; rommittee met after the general reeling and decided to send Mr. rlement Wragge a cable at Auck '--î'id, offering him the position fr,r the hurricane season this Year. The Cairns Chamber of Conmerce, which has from first i-iSt done-irood v.-ork in con ruction with this movement, has ? - -rv naturally lost' no . time in reviving thc tome, and the re- port of its deliberations thereon ! will be studied with interest. ¡The value of an allied campaign j was clearly recognised, and it was decided to request the May- or at once to convene a public ! meeting at which representative : Cairnsttes could voice yet once more the urgency of the case, j Cairns has led this Northern ¡agitation in the past, and does !not intend to lag behind at what j may very probably prove a cruc- ial moment. The important fac j or of wireless was also consid- ered, and with reason, for it is here that the most likely solu- tion of the whole difficulty lies. This is not- the time for labor- ing j the reasons which actuate he Chamber and the' people pf Cairns, as. also, pf Townsville and the North generally, v It: is a tale that is told;' to which.'nothing can be added.'beyond reiteration. The South hás heard the. story, and., has .no denial to give. Evasion and excuse.are all that have ever been offered to put of] the Northern, claim: Stich. £ policy can be suffered no longer Durtue the latter half of thi year just closed, the fine weather season, there, was. more serious and frequent delay in communi- cation with the South than was ever before known. It was prov- ed that even under-apparently favorable conditions, no denendT ence whatever was to be placed on. Southern advices. No w:onder that when1 the ?? hurricane ' season approaches, the North rouses, it sflf in the" determination rthnt something must , be done, and that right quicklyl . The present opportunity must hot be let slip. Seldom has such unanimity been displayed. Townsville is comT municating with "the other coast- al towns, and not in Cairns oulv but in manv other centre's I will meetings be held. Should ithe ordinary authorities stilL re I fuse to- assist, \ tSe-' ssggestion, of taking independent action for ourselves must be carried out.  Correspondence. MR. WRAGGE A MD RM. HUNT. (To -the Editor " Horsham Times.") Sir,-A paragraph has appeared in a -uelbourne paper, which stated that Senator -Maughan had requested in the Senite that a more efficient sys tern of weather-waining stations should be established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast, and that the Commonwealth Meteorolo gist has intimated that the Brisbane ieteorological Observatory is not up to-date. For '16 years I was head of the Queensland 3eteorological ser vice, and during thattime I esfab lished, as Mr Robert 'Philp, a former Premier, fully admitted, "a meteoro logical and weather-warning system second to none in the world." I had everything first-class when I left Queensland in 1903, and, as every body knows, I used to issue weather forecasts for every part of Austra lasia, which were verified to 93 per cent. in accuracy. Mr JHunt has done me a cruel wrong, and I can only look to an impartial and just public and Press for some nmeasure of redress. The Commonwealth Mleteo rologist talks of installing new in struments, specially suited to the nor thern climate. Allow me to say that I personally- lixed in position in Queensland the vesy best standard in struments in all parts of the coun tIT, including Cape York Peninsula and the far west. Such instruments are available all the world over, and the sooner, that the Minister in charge and Senators generally realise this and ask a few pertinent questions in tihe Senate the better it will be for Ite general public- and shipping. My vote was only £11500 a year, and the amount now granted to the Weather Bureau exceeds, I understand, £2,000 annually. C;reat goodness ! Nliat do they do with the money ? What have they done with it ? The Koombana went down. and so did the Yongala, and not a word of warning appears to have been issued ir I ,. lm i--..I Meteorologist, who just lately has been conductin na series of rotesquce experiments in Mlelbourne, showimn how thoe last-namsed steamer must have foundered. That is great- c6n solation truly to widows and orphan ed -children i If the Queensland Wea fher I1urean had been operating under my regime, most ample warning would have been given. Tn existing circumistances a special Weather 4ureau ought to be estallish ed at Cairns or Townsville before tle hurricane months. entirely indepen4 dent of Federal control, and the sooner this is dlone the better. The whole matter is in thei hands of the public, and so I leave it. " Let jus tice be done tho1ugh the heavens faill." --Yours, etc., CLEMIENT L. WRAGGE, F.R.GC.S., P.11. ret. Soc., &c., late Government Meteorologist of Queensland (formerly of len nl evis Observatory, Scotland). Birkenhead. Auckland, N.Z.  BRIEF MENTION. Anaemia ami indigestion gener ally go together. Xemia Tonic cures both. Mr. Gtis. Ncaic'g Eva B. was beaten by 2| lengths in the Novice Handicap at Lisinore races. The Federal Government has decided not to send any troops from Australia to the Coronation. The new business of the A.M.P. Society for 1910 exceeded the previous year's total by £390,000, and constituted a record for the society. Mr. M. Takahashi, a Japanese commissioner to Australia, says that the idea that Japan lias de : signs on Australia did not emanate in hie country. On the Manning last week a vicious hog escaped from its stye, and attacked a cow so savagely that the latter animal died from its wounds. The Chief Railway Commissioner is favorably disposed towards the construction of a line from Wngga to Tumbarumba as a means _ of opening up some rich farming lands. The Minister for Works has in formed Mr. Briner that he has ap proved of steps being taken to carry out the work of erecting the bridge over the Bellinger Biver at Bellingen. Robert C. Edmondson has been committed for trial at Millicent,; S. Australia, in connection .with the sensational sheep - stealing charges. This is the "Tantanoola Tiger" man. Dr.-Harmer, late Bishop of Ade laide, declared to the Kent Colo nising Association that Australia was trnly a working man's para dise, where men with grit could rise to any position. For the month of December the Glenifier butter, factory received 67,5831bs. of cream, and 34,304lbs. of batter were manufactured. The highest cheques . paid were £46 15s and £42 5s 4d. THIS TIME OF THE YEAB. This is the time of the year when yon catch cold the easiest. Tate home a bottle of Chamberlain's Cough Semedr and he prepared to atop any cough or cold at once. Every bottle is guaranteed to give results. Sold everywhere. Mr. S. S. Hindmarsh reports having held ah exceptional 1 y:good aafe of MT. R. WaddelPs dairy, hfock^ fdant, etc.; We learn that: Mr-W&ddelPs farm of 199 acres was sold privately to Mr. Douet, of Dorrigo, the price being £22 per acre. ' £;niuent Sydney pbysiraaiA says ''kissing should. h'e discout-" aged." W« hcnUs^totblokybid the result wouldbe if a law^werl enacted forbidding kissing.* Guess it wonld be prgfty frequently broken. , Of the retiring Coraki aldermen trnly three: ( Aids. Beriand, Nolan, and McKinnon) are qualified to be nominated, the others having ne glected to pay their sanitary fees seven dear (Jayg before the day of nomination. . Bather ah uqdigpi; fied position for an alderman to find himself in!—"Argus." Judging by reports, the late storm was very severe down south. The Hawkesbury was heavily flooded, much damage being done. Along the South Coast, rjght down to Bega, there were heavy falls of rain with cyclonic wind storms. At Berry the flood was the highest knows, the rainfall registering up to 19 inches. This is snrely a bad beginning for Wragge's drought. At a well-attended meeting re cently held not a great distance from Moree (says the Moree "News"), the chairman happened to be the proprietor of one ol the hotelB. During the evening the no-license question was discussed, and at the conclusion of the busi ness he said : "Gentlemen, I am going to shout drinks for the crowd. Hands up those who voted I no-license." To the astonishment oi the bopifape eyerv band in the meeting went up. "Well, gentle man," said the chairman, "I'll ! keep to my word—come.'* They ! went, and were led to the water trough. "There you are, gentle ! men," said the irate publican, J "help yourselves." A railway accident occurred' at i Katoomba on Friday night, where i by a horse was killed, and the sulky to which it was attached totally smashed. The owner, R. G. Gailey, a dealer, suffered & narrow escape. Gailey had his horse and sulky backed up in the railway yards, facing the lines. A train from Sydney approached, and the horse swerved right into it.: Ihe animal was dragged along for some distance, and was jambed between the train and the platform, being almost cut in two. The sulky was smashed to match wood. Galley made desperate efforts to save the; animal.but could not. HfLIOPS ATTACKS CCRED. Sufferers from bilious attacks should read this remarkable letter from Sir. Donald Coutts. of i.'ondah, Vic. "1 hare been a C'Hitirttoas sufferer from headache and 1 bili ina Tombing attacks for 25 years. Pur ing that lime 1 bare been treated by doc tor, besides u=ing all surfs of medicines that liroved scdm. Heing almost afraid j that I could nenrr be cured, I tried Cham berlain's Tablets, and can assure you that j thev completely cured me, and I feel like a new" man. I can conscientiously recom mend to ail who suffer from utoinach and iirer troubles. Sold eretjutfcere.  "THE FLIGHT OF A SOUL" LECTURE BY MR. CLEMENT L. WRAGGE. Mr. Clement L. ."Wrnggo repeated, by re quest, his stirring lecture, "Tho Flight of ft Soul," at the Y.M.C.A. Hall on Saturday cvonlng, to another largo and deeply Interest- cd audience. Tho lecture was an Intellec- tual treat, full of valuable Information and uplifting thought It was Illustrated b&lt;y nu merous unlquo and magnificent lantern slides which, with tho enthusiastic descriptions and explanations of tho lecturer conveyed lmprcsslvo ideas of the wonder and tho ma jesty of tho croaUon. Mr. Wrugge explained at the outset that although reasonable Imagi nation was used In presenting tho subject beroro his audience, tills mode of convoying information was only designed to present more clearly and forcibly tho wondrous truths of the Infinite Universe, of tho loving Creator, tho fact that nothing was ever lost, that there Is no such thing us death, and man's glorious destiny Is a very reality. Mr. Wraggo announced the title as "Tho Yearning of Man for Truth." Truth, let It bo knowu. was the only worthy object of a man's study. Tho scorch for truth was the noblest endeavor. Once In Benares an Indian cldld named Ahmed was born. Ah med's mother promised tho "Great Spirit" that she would consecrate her son to Him, and tho boy grew wiso for his years. Ho would visit tho Hindu Observatory In tho sacred city, nnd question the Sadhu In charge about tho Instruments and stars, and tho Sadhu was amazed at his understanding and answers. Then ho would visit tho mosques and temples and see men praying. Ho would renin tho streets und bazaars and see them living, und he would visit the burning ghats and seo the body transmigrated from clay to ashes, and from ashes to tho fourth dimension of ether, to live on undying, for Ahmed know, or r&thor began to know, that the soul was Indestructible. As the child grew up ho heard whites talk of "heathens and their blindness." But Ahmed's fixed Idea was that he was no more blind than tho Christians, even If his skin was block, and even if ho worshipped God in a way that was not all men's. Ahmed did not think that the Christians wcro blind. Oh, not Nor the Musselinans, nor tho Hindoos, nor tho Confucians, nor tho BuddhJ&ts. All men saw. But their beliefs wero liko tho prismatic colors, which wero tinted differ ently, but which nil blended through the prism Into uniform primal white. Ahmed's creed thus was that all men saw along dif ferent roads as It were, but all looked to wards tho same thing. And ho now clearly understood that no matter what religion man goes In his efforts to find God, If ho is sincere God comes out to meet him. At tho ago of 16 he realised that God was every where, la each palm tree. In each blade of grass— In everything tliat was. Ills mother In those days went from Benares, and going, sent her son further away to a university In England. Ahmed studlod there, and his matos jeered at him, for his skin was not unlike tho color of tho dinner gongs that hung in their halls. Tho boy, however, lived down the sneers, and the others at last loved him brcauso ho was wise and good. He left, and went through London and saw tho mighty buildings and the grandeur of tho city, and tho beauty of tho streets and tho misery that squatted in ' the dark lanes and poverty wallowing In the gutters. His heart grew nick, and ho wondered if it was all a practical demon stration of true Christianity while Bishops had their thousands and people In tho East End were starving. Did Christ teach this? Not understanding why there should bo wealth for some and poverty for others, why some should live in enso and others In pain, he went home to India. On tho voyage he saw tho stare and loved them, learnt the principles of astronomy and let his soul look through his eyes to the twinkling beauty of tho heavens. He come back to India and determined to devote the rest of his life to tho service of his countrymen. Hfe noted tlio guns that hod stood breathing hate for a hundred years, and wondered If they Indicated the love of a Christ, and If such were the true methods of converting the alleged "heathen." He hated tho grim fortifications thnt had frowned for a generation. Ho visited the palaces of tho Maharajah# In their vast wealth, and anon n poor beggar accosted him asking for pice wherewith to buy bread— the famine and tho plague wcro raging, and wealthy merchants exporting the grain by which tho people lived by millions of bushels. Hcort-slck, he asked, "Do such conditions !n- dloato statesmanship? Ho lay down to sleep one day by the sen beach and called aloud to God to show him happier worlds. While ho slept tho form of his guardian angel. Azarel, c&mo ord told him that U had prompted his Inquiring#, and was about to give him poacc. Ahmed asked tho angel what was good and what was evil, and tho angel toM him that good, was harmr" God's wia atA more," cried Ahmed. "I must know more!" "ComV said tho angel, and Ahmed was raised, and in tho air flew whllo tho angel expounded life, death, and eternity to him. There was no death, only eternal llfo; death wus only a chango into a state of music and happiness. Earth fell far as they soared, and tho angel showed his child the system of tho worlds, and took him Into tho fathomless depths of tho Eternal Beyond. There was first the great sun, tho flashing sourco of energy, the moon, tho pulo moon, tho planets, stars, and Milky Way. Mars and Venus revealed their secrets, their great construc tion and being to tbo two as they approached. Ahmed was transfixed with delight Ho prayed to bo taken nearer and tho ungcl took him Into tho very prescnco of tho planets, and his chargo gazed. The angel told him that astronomy was tho noblest studj4»Qtat astronomy, coupled with thefisophy, plaJncd what, tested by other studios, waiH Inexplicable, and that of all studies It wasB tho most dollghtful. When they bad soenfl ull that tho angel showod, they drifted® slowly down to earth, and on their way saw! the wonders of their own planet— saw tho I Alps piercing cloud fields, saw tho rivers and I continents and cities of tho world. They saw I from abovo the bluo splendors of Lake Lu-| ccnic, and, travelling, watched tranquilly I Vesuvius roaring In eruption. Now, Indeed. I as they touched earth, Ahmed know, and I honccforth would ho Uvo to tench his fellows I and make their burdens lighter# and tho In- I dlaii sun woko him from his narrow carpet on tbo bench. It Is impossible In a press I article to do full justice to his amazing lec- I turc. It must bo beard to be approriatlod I and understood. I Tho Illustrations Included beautiful land- 1 scapes, soascapes, sunsots, mountain and Woodland views, scenes at Oxford. London, Versailles, Venice, tho Swiss Alps and Swiss Lakes, several very flno floral slides. The j description of tho flight of Ahmed's soul through tho heavens afforded ft sultobto op portunity for throwing on tho screen many remarkable astronomical photographs token with tho great YcrgcB and Uck telescopes. Amongst tho astronomical viowa wcro solar eclipses, storms, und representations of tho hydrogen flames rising from tho sun's sur face to a height of £M,000 miles, solar cy clones 60,000 miles across. Tho lecturer pointed out that tho sun was 8CC.OOO miles In diameter, and yet it was only on insigni flcant unit amongst milliards of other suns, some of which, like Canopus, wore ten thou sand times larger than tho sun around which this earth rovolvod. Ho further Illustrated the fathomless Immensity of tho unlverso with views of tho milky way, tho Pleiades, and various constellations showing mms as numorous as tho grains of oond on tho sea shore In denbo brilliant mosses. Some won derful views of lunar scenery wcro shown, and also of tho planots Mercury, Venus, Mare, Jupiter, and Saturn, oonccrnlng each of Which Mr. Wragge gave numerous scien tific facts. At the conclusion of the loctnre Mr. Wraggo gave another Interesting exhibition of radium.  NORTHERN METEOROLOGICAL STATION. A TOWNSVILE PROPOSAL. TOWNSVILLE, January 11. In connection with the question of the [?] lihment of a meteorological [?] North, inquiries were recently [?] [?] Clement Wragge as to what should be the cost pi esuoiistung and working ?ueh a station dur- Ing the cyclonic months. A letter has now been received by CapUiu Irvine, of the steamer Inn* mincla, from Mr. Wragge, «ivin* portlcuW from which it appcarf £1000 would be •ufti dent. Captain Irvine, and Dr. NLsbrt, of Towns ville, who are both strong believers in tho necpjdty for the establishment of such a statioa in intervi(«w3 susarested that an attempt should be made to raise the money by subscription now that the Federal Governmojit had declined to take action U is sumtested that a publio me«tinjr oboald oalled and committee* fonaed to receive subscriptions at Northern centre*  WESTERN AUSTRALIA. PERTH, April fl. ïn connexion with the loss of the Koom- bana. Mr. Clement Wraggc has written to a Perth paper to the effect that if a Cen- tral Weather Bureau in Brisbane had been in existence, three days' warning at least vyould bave_ been given of the recent cyclone, which caused the disaster.  THE Pmx!?is0tt PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1918. The Friends of Soldiers are reminded that their monthly meeting takes place at the Masonic hall. Rushworth, on Wednesday next, 6th February, at 3 p.m. A nasty accident happened to Mr I. Anderson, of Stanhope Road, Rush worth, on Tuesday afternoon last, though, fortunately, the injuries sustained were not as serious as they muht have been. Anderson was out shooting with a ging'e barrel shot gun, and had just fired at a hare, which he wounded. Hastily re loading the weapon, he ran after the hare, which was making; efforts to esctpe. A stick lying across the path tripped Anderson, who, in falllog, casb the gun from him. The charge exploded simul taneously with Anderson striking the ground, and the contents of the gun, coming in contact with the earth just noir his knee, apparently ricochetted, striking him on the knee-cip. An ugly wound WHS the result, but the sufferer was able to struggle home. Dr Utber was sent for, and he attended to the injury. An derson was lucky to escape the full force of the charge. Tr)?ioh might easily hare torn his leg off, Mr Bryan Oummlns, junr.. has been appointed by Messrs E. W. Hill & 0 >. as their representative in the Aveuel district If the Paris press is well informed the Allied armies will shortly be rendered Invisible,by means of a method of "ob literative coloration," invented by a French officer the year before the war broke out. At that time the color scheme was considered of 110 practical use as the military experts were agreed th.it rival armies would fight each other at such extreme distances that they would rarely see each other. Now that the trenches are separated by only a few yards the value of the invention has been recognised. Complaints have been mude to the State Rivers and Water Supply Oom mission of the manner in which irrespons ible individuals leave the gates leading to water frontages, &o., open, with the result that persous leasing these areas are continually hunting for their stock. If the practice continues the Commissioners iotond to take action, and will probably make the fishermen io these parts take out licence?, so as to bring them under control. Delinquents should heed the warning, and shut the gates. A terrible fate1 befel tha township of \lackay, situated on the Q leensland coast. It was visi'ed by a cyclone of unprecedented fury, accompanied by a deluge. Buildings were blown down by the score, and several lives were lost from this cause. An immense tidal wave was created by the cyclone and this was re sponsible for the loas of miny more liv.es. The tragedy extended to local shipping, and several steamers were lost. The rainfall can be treasured by the foot, and, judging by the bulged reports which are beginning to reach us, the con ditions there beggar descrip'ion. All manner of communication with the out side world was cut off, and it was day* after the catastrophe that the real facts were known throughout Australia. With out doubt this is the greatest storm which it has been the lot of an Australian town to experience. Albert Edward Budd, the returned soldier who was foand guilty of the charge of murdoring his foster sister at Port Melbourne on 19th October last, aud was sentenced to death, was executed at Melbourne gaol on Wednesday morning last. The oonderomed man walked with a firm step to the sciffold, and, whon -asked whether he had anything lo eay, replied " Good-bye everybody. I have nothing further to say," Death was in stantaneous. A orowd Gathered outside the gaol at the time of the execution, and a number of returned soldiers, who formed in line at attention, obeyed the order " Left turn," and saluted. Budd waB the 173rd person to be hanged in Victoria. It is the opinion of Mr James Patten, of Chicago, formerly known as th.! 41 Wheat King of America," that preaen' values of Australian wheat will be main tained until the conditions in Russia be come normal. He considers that the 1918-19 crops will be insufficient to supply the world's demands, and urges increased production wherever possible. These words, coming from so eminent an authority as Mr Pat.ten, should ba care fully considered by farmers, who were be ginning to reflect as to whether they should go in for wheat this yaar, or, on the other hand, adopt Mr Hagelthoru'p suggestion of stock-raising. After Mass on Sunday last the congre gation of St. Mary's R 0. Church, Mur chlson, assembled together for the pur pose of Baying a temporary good-bye to Miss Nora Cloney, who has recently b=*eri appointed to a position in connection with the Victorian Railways. For ninny years past Miss Cloney has been organist and Sunday School teacher and a very willing worker for the church, and the congress tion seized this opportunity as a fitting occasion on whioh to make her a Filial! presentation as a token of esteem and appreciation. Mr T. J. Ryan, who mad" thd presentation, referred to ihe good work Miss Cloney had performed for both bhe choir and the Sunday School, and also in connection with functions or ganised throughout the town and dis trict. She was a most enthusiastic and willing worker, and it gave him pleasure to present to her, on behalf of the con gregation , a dressing case, and an apo graph and birthday album (cuitably in scribed). Mrs Baynham and Mrs' Howie also spoke. DON'T DIET. Dr Sheldon's Digeativo Tabules digest what you eat, and allow you to eat all the good, wholesome food you want. If you are suffering from Indigestion, you will be surprised at the speedy relief thoy will give yoa. If your case is of long standing, it. will require a reasonable time to effect a re medy, for Nature cannot replace worn-nut tissues with now oneB by magic. But when, by the use of this preparation, the stoma"h is given absolute rest, and abundant nourishment and reconstructive materials furnished, reoovery is certain an4 psrman? ent. Frioe Is 6d and 2s 6d, Obtainable .vtrywhere, The story recently widely published that the French aviator, Guillaux, who earriud the first serial mail from Mel bourne to Sydney, was sbofc as a German spy, has been denied by Francis Luki>, >n Australian aviator who h;is just re turned from the front. They are wicked slanderer^ says Luke, for Guillaux, one "f the most brilliant aviators wh) ever flaw, spent three years iu the moat perilous aervico of all, thkt of i eating flying michines. As n flier he w-is a wonder, (ind it win extraordinary thit he 'lived so lon«, Dut at last ho was killed at hia wo k. As an example of Intelligence, resource fulness and grit of the Australian boy a story haa been brought under the notice of the Director of E iucation by the head teacher of the State Sc'iool at Mia Mia. Oiie of her pupils, Hui?h Hyalop, a boy of fourteen years, who was working for tho Education Department's War Relief Fund, collected eight sheep as gifts from fhe farmers of the district. The lad was n >t long in determining how to realise his asset. He drove these sheep eleven mi'es to the nearest railway station one af-'ernoon, put them in a truck, and then re'U'ned home. Next morning he arose at 3 30, rode eleven miles, travailed by tr lnto Kynefcon, took hia shyep from Ui» truck and drove them to ihe sale y irds. The shsep realised £10 9a, and this sum he paid over in full to tho school fund. We would once again bring under tne notice of district whea^growers the fact that the committee of the Mooroopna hospital is making an appeal throughout the Goulburn Valley for donations of wheat, and farmers are askad to donate according to their means. The Treasurer has curtailed the Government subsidy, and other avenues of revenue must be opened up if theinsii ution is to maintain itd present solvent coniitlo 1. The over draft Is agiin mounting up, and there are many urgent works facing the committee which should be oarried out before the approach of winter. According to the latest accounts Mr Clement Wragge, a!s:> known at 'imos an " inclement" Wragge, is conducting a Tropical Gardens and Insti'ute as a holi day resort at Birkenlnai, New Zealand. Some years ag > Mr Wragge w»s known all over Australia as a forecaster of the weather whose predictions gave rise to mqoh amusement, not necessarily because they were wrong, but for the reason that they were Invariably placed bafore the public in a striking and entort,fining manner. It is said that his gardens at Birkenhead suggest a corner of the South Sea Islands, and that the visitors find much entertainment in his descriptions of the constellations. A young doctor who has been endeavor ing to establish himself in a Gippsland bush district; tells this story:-Tiiero la a family a few miles out in the ranges known as, Bay, ,the Browns. Not long ago their father, a man of about 50, took ill, and when he had been bad ab ut a fortnight, one of the sons came for me. He was driving an American waggon, and said he wanted me to come out and see father. I asked what was wrong, and he replied-" I dunno, jest general sioknrs-?, I think." He drove me out, saying noth ing by the way apart from a brief com ment on the state of the roads. When I arrived the mother led mo to the bodsido. '. We done everything we could think of," she said. " We prayed for him fur hours. We gave him all the medicine we had, and we had medicine of one sort nr another good for most anything. We gave him hot baths and cold forments, and ga-'.fj him nothing to eat one time, and plenty to eat other times. We just tried everything." " But," I said, " tho man is dead." "Yas," the woman agreed, " we though^ now there'd be no harm In sending for you." The following Is the fragment of a letter from " Somewhere in Franca " : - This yarn hinges on tho use of abbrevia tions to designate certain " gilded bugs who sit and sing." For instance, too much spaoe and time is needed to desig nate the Deputy-Assistant Director of Veterinary Service as such in full, so he is known as the D.A.D.V.S., and a full list of these abbreviations is to be found in the Field Service Pocket Book, known to everypne as the F.S.P.B. Eirly in the wajf a retired mrjor, who had dons only bow apd arrow soldiering, foijud himself given a job at a small railway siding, He fixed himself and his staff in a oollectlon of huts, and made«hlmself oomfortable, as he believed, "for the duration." Like a bolt from the blue oame one day the following wire:-Please arrange to hand over your hu's to the A.D.T. - From tho D.A.Q.M.G., xth Division. Having no idea who tho A.D.T. was, and not the faintesb notion of the identity of the D A.Q.M.G , xth Division, but fully realising that some one was trying to eject him from his home, sweat home, the old rain wired back:-"To D.A.Q M.G,, xth Division. -The A.D.T. can G.T.H." In due courBe the warmth of the mighty ones descended on him in the form of another wire from the division to this effect: ,f Kindly explain your insolent and in subordinate wire of the 15th inat." This greatly upset the major, so he got busy without abbreviations, and oncocted the following retort courteous :-"Tho De puty. Assistant Quartermaster.General, xth Division.-Please interpret cny wire of "the 15th inst. as 'The Assistant Direobor of Transport can get the huts." There was a large and representative gathering at the Nagamble Mechanics' Institute on Saturday evening of last week, when Senlor-Oonstable Swanwlck, who had recently been appointed to an important position at the Federal Treas ury after having been stationed at Ha gambie for eleven years, was entertained by the townspeople and residents of the neighboring distrlpt^. Qc W. Wilson, J.P., presided, and proposed the health of the guest of the evening in the most eulogistic terms. The toast was sup ported by Mr T. Derum, J.P,, Mr E. W. Hill, Mr A. N. . Hopkins, and a host of other speakers, and Mr E. W. Hill then presented the senior with a well-filled wallet of notes. Senlor-Oonstable Swan wick made a fitting reply, and the func tion terminated with other toas's suitable to suoh an occasion. The various Shire Councils and Water works Trusts situated alon? the valley of the Goulbum river continue to offor strenuous objection to the granting of a sluicing license to a dredging company at Gobur. A report on the nnfcter WHS recently submitted to the Seymour Shire Council, and the council decided to per sist In its objection to the granting of the proposed lease. At the Shepparton Shire Council meeting on Monday of last week the departmental report on tho proposed sluice mining at Gobur was road. The president (Oc Fair) stated that the Go vernment had appointed a special com mission to enquire into bhe matter and make recommendations, but, as u-ual, such recommendations were seldom heeded. Mining men only were on the board of control, and they did not give attention to the dam»ge done to agricul tural land or to the rivers of the State. On the motion of Ors Kerrlns and Bitcon It was resolved that a protest be made against the granting of any dredging leases in the Goulbum or any contribut ing streams. The firm attitude adopted by the various Goulbum Valley oouncils and water trusts in this matter Is com mendable, as It is the desire and duty of everyone to see that) tbja fine stream h not reduoed to the pitiable condition of some of the other Victorian rivers, Tiie Waranga Shire Council mjots on Tuesday noxb. To-day (Friday) was to have been an auspicious occision for many of the duck shooters of fc'iis district, liuc as ihey s ty in bo')ks, " Man proposes and God dis poses " Iii this c.«e ib wu8 the New South Wales Oiliinet which "disposed," and the plans of Victorian duck aiaughtsrera collapSHd. Iu was a fine thing for Victorians to he able to crosq the Murray, have a day at (.ho ducks thoro on February 1st, and then a second opening day on Victorian soil on the 15'h. but tho powers that be decidod to effect an alter.ui hi in preva'lins; con ditions, to the undisguised dismay of a number of 1 JC-jI sports. The new proclamation ronders it illogal bo th iob wild duck in any polica district bordoiing" the Murray till 15bh Fubru iry, and fur ther adopts tho Vic'oria Aoh with ro«ard to the ba^ limit, which ia 15 birds a shooter per day. G iulburn Valley bowlera spent a gala day on the beautifully improved Tatura rinks on Monday last (Foundation Day). The Tatura club had arranged a double and a single toumimsnb for that day, and competitors wore present from Kya brara, Nagambie, Rushworfch, Murchison, Numurkah and Shepparton clubs, and some very interostina; and exciting games were witnessed. Tha visitors wore treated right royally by the members of of the Tatura club, and tbo whole pro ceedings were of a pleasant and success ful nature. Six bowlers from the Mur chison club and two from Rushvorth were in attendance, but, as was only to be expected when meeting seasoned op ponents, these (with the excoptinn of Mr Harris, of Rushworth) did not meet with a great measure of success. What little practice either the Ru:hworth or Mur chison players have had this season has been on greens but recently 1-iid down, and It is thereforo not to be wnudered at that when playing on a Reasoned and highly Improved green like the T*tur&lt;a rinks they were "all at sea." In the Pairs Competition (10 ends of two bowls each) Willis and Ryan (Nagambie) beat Harris and Weir (Rushworth), 11-2; Eason and Crawford (Kyabram) beab Heazlewood and Ryan (Murchison), 12-3 ; Hall and Hunter (Tatura) beat Salas and Wagoner (Murchison), 14-5 ; Fairley and Furphy (Shepp^rcon) boat Hanlon and Cadan (Murchison), 18-1. This event was eventually won by Coop and Goldsworthy (Numurkah), they belt ing Willis and Ryan (Nagambie) in the final. In the Single-handed Champion | ship Bigaall b.'at Heazlewood, 8-7 ; Anderson boat Hanlon, 14-4 ; Rait >n beat Cadan, 14-4; Willis beat Ryan, 10-5; Fairley beat Wagoner, 5-5; Bignall beat Salas, 11-4. In the first round of this competition Hania (Rush worth) beat Crawford, 10-8, while in the second round he beat Hall, 15-2, but In the fourth round ha was beaten by Davy (Tatura), 9-8. This event wis eventually won by Eason (Kyabram) from Davey (Tatura), 11-6. The members and friends of the Church of England at Murchison East organised and carried out a vory pleasant and suc cessful social in the Mission R mm at that place on Friday evening last, 25th hist. About thirly members and friends were lu attendance, including Messrs G. F. Heazlewood, J. Dillon, S. Armitstead and I W. Thorne, who attended by invitation as representing Murchison Church vestry. A good programme of vooal music was , provided by Mrs Peddle, Mrs Hennessey, I and Misa Harding, also a violin solo by Miss Ada Swale, and excellent selections on a good gramaphone were given by Mr Pike. During an interval the Rev. H. Lswis, who presided, ni^de allusion to the loss ^he church at Murchison East had sus^'iaed by the departure of so many of i^s earliest supporters to other pa>ts of the State, and earnestly ask.'d that all interested in tho church's work should rally to the help of the few ivho were striving to keep the work going. Messrs Heazlewood, Dillon and Thorne also spoke, expressing their own sympathy and that of the Murchison church mem bers In general with tho conditions pre vailing at, Murchison E*s-, and stating their willingness to co-op?rate in .any practical way wlrh the workers at the Eist. A gooi supp'y of firs^-rate refresh ments was provided in the usual bounti ful manner by some of the ladies of the church, and a very pleasant evening was brought to a close about 11 p.m. with hearty votes of thanks to all friends who had helped to make the evening so en joyable. It is hoped that tho function will bear good fruit as regards the future of the Church of England at Murchison East.  QUEENSLAND NOTES. (FRQM-OUR* CORRESPONDENT.) THE PREMIER'S TRIP. Mr. Deoh&m left for, London amidst con siderable display of goodwill. He- has a big task in band, but he also requires change and rest. He bas not only worked hard during tbe past session, but in. the earlier part of the year he made extended tours through the western and northern country, took ap'active part-in the-Federal elections, and was doubtless subjected to much anxiety in regard to the solidarity of his party, which was threatened, by the attitude of the Country. Liberal .party. In a fare well speech to his Parliamentary supporters he made the keynote- of bis -remarks the necessityincreasing the. population of the^eountry by immigration, and there is littlequestionthat this, will' beone of the matters to which he will pay; special-atten tion in England. The question- as -to who should actim . his place duiing, his absence was settled by the. rote: of the, party, and the; majority declared' for -the Treasurer -(Mr. Barnesh-id -referred fcphis suitability before,: and It; is- as weH that extraneous issues did sot lead the party to pass him over,; as wasganeraily expected. Before 1 eaving ifr; Denman made'a generous con cession inregprdfo the damages awarded him ahdr hisrwm.iig^inst. Senator Feri-icks. The damge^ 'wm-e foregone, and costs alone will have- to be, paid.. \Vnile not;wishing to discount the seherosity of the action, there is little doubt that Mr.-Benham was handicapped by the' threatened appeal, which would probably hhve necessitated his remainingQueensland, but for all'that he heed not hare done- as he'did, and by his action he has' justified. his statement in the-witness-box that Ins sole desire was to clear himself and his firm of charges, which, if not refuted, would have driven the one out of politics and the other out of busi ness. The verdicts he gained have given ample proof that the reckless charges of the ex-Labour-leader in the Assembly and of Mr. Ferricks: on the platform, were un founded and.unwarranted; TUB WEATHER. It is at least a redeeming feature of Aus tralian politicians that they recognise their limitations, and admit that an inch of. rain at the right time surpasses, the value of what they can themselves do. Queensland was becoming ;pt>xioiis, and the partial and not very heavy rains of a fortnight or so ago were a palliative/ but pot a complete cure for the. .evil of the dry spell. Now, the wet season/ bap: come, has come early, as inthe"■"gopd.'-dld" ,#ys,,and there is every, reason to suppose that another year of prosperity.awaits thiS State. But in the pastoral districts "there was a heavy toll by de£tb and,fire before the rains actu ally came. Theeountry had become like tinder, and the fire-fighters h$d a busy time. There wes, *6r seems to have been, an un usual-humbler of 'cases of missing 'men, and of ■ search- to' end only by finding '-all that was left."" 'Itds.early yet forthe-cyclonic storms albng the coast,-but we ihay-'expect theiramvaliri a rveiy few wedcs.^ It is perhaps hardly out of place , for :.fc writer who has he'en through at least-three of the most disastrous, and canjemembcr the time when Clement .Waragge would advise our coastal , shipping -and- bur r coastal dwellers almost hourly of the progress of the dis turbances, to. oxprpss a hope that the Com monwealth Meteqrological department will give the danger some sppdal attention. There is cableoommanicatibn with Noumea, afew yeaw ago. -^heyearling'fleets of the TorresBtravtsldidpf' .,'esternAustralia have th ba thoujht of, to say nothing of such ships as^the'Yohgala and the Room, nana. It'foay"he utterTy unreasonahle.-yet there Is no -Questioh that shipmasters along our eastern ookst believe that they were more effectually served in the days of dement Wragge thannt the present tune. *THB ELEOTOBAIi BOtLg, One read* with seme astonishment tha statement, that the Federal rolls in this Statehavebeenrevised aodbrought up to date, and that instead or the number of electors having increased since May last it has actually decreased; not by many, it is true, but by .1,157. It May the: Certified rolls sent to presiding officers contained 363,082 names. These were as nearly as the electoral office could make them clean rolls. Now, after six months, with a .steadily increasing population, with the youthful population reaching the age of 21, and with all the threats that, another fe deral election is imminent, we find,, the rolls, which were as clean as they could'be made under the. law, according to the offi cial statement, -contain fewer names. The .point seems to be this. Electoral officials nave asked for at least a month .before an •election in'which to clean up the rolls; The ■ Queensland figures indicate that-the clean ing process last! May must have, been months, -not -weeks, behindhand. When wetprn to the State rolls, where the Quali fication is 12 instead of 6 months residence in the State, we find only about 287$00 names enrolled, or, in other words, the Federal contain 75,000 names more than the State rolls. . We are asked by this to be lieve that there are in Queensland 75,000 adults who have resided in the State six months, but less than twelve months. It seems hard to believe. There are, roughly, more names on the Brisbane and- Oxley rolls. each than on the rolls for the State elec tors tescontained within those divisions. Therefore in those two divisions alone we have 24,000 adults. who have resided in Queensland Vsix- but not twelve months. These puzzles are some of the many which the federal Royal Commission might well try to solve. ■ THE UNIVERSITY. It-was probably with more of an eye to' public- effect than in hope of solving, a problem that Mr. Kidston, when Premier, seized upon Government House, and de clared that it should be. the home of the University. Already it is found entirely un suitable; as'anyone with any knowledge of the subject foresaw. . More room is wanted ■ —room for detached buildings—and. the State Governor (Sir William McGregor) and the members of the Senate have waited upon the City Council accordingly. It was an unusual deputation, and the city fathers appeared by no means at their ease. The ^University asks the council for "the Vic toria Park, an'area of over 160 acres, and within easy distance of the general hospital, and the Senate, with Sir William. McGregor at its head, practically says it is this, or move the University to Ipswich. At the lat ter place there is a splendid site which has been offered! The University has now four affiliated colleges, and a fifth is spoken of. Naturally the city councillors ..were. shy. of any proposition which suggested the' aliena tion of public reserves, and asked for time to consider. It is probable that eventually the- University will be established in. Vic toria Park. At a meeting of the Senate the other day a gift of £1,000 was received from the Colonial Sugar Refining Company, with a request that it be used for forwarding chemical education.- It • is aa open secret that this company attributes tbeuulk of its success to chemical-research,' and that it was fear of having: to disclose,this portion of its methods of business-'.which more than any thing led to its fighting-the case recently decided in its favour by the Privy Council. % INDIGNANT CAIRNS. Thfr-town of ; Cairns is in -a chronic state of indignation about railways, , sugar mijls, and' other subjects. When not indignant with-the'Government,- then ;it is indignant with itself—one-half 'offche down against the other. Foramoment the Government is left alone, and - public indignation has found a new outlet in .Dr.- Breime, the head of the-tropical medicine station at Towns ville, who recently lectured in Melbourne. He.»' reported to . have said that malaria is -rampant inCairns; and-the Cairns people are furious- at: this -detraction of the salubrity of their -town. . Far from being rualariaijithey hold .that C&iros is a healthy place, and, with, its- hinterland, an emi nently suitable locality .for.- tourists, or ex hausted . city men from the. south. .»- It seems more nhanmrdhable that Dr. Breirile, when he said thai malaria was. rampant in Cairns, meant that nt was so in a medical sense, and not in -that accepted by. the ordinary northerner, who. only, considers malaria rampant when it is killing people off with Tapidity. As -a matter of actual experience the eastern coastline of Queens land, as it becomes settled and conse quently drained, ceases to. suffer from rampant malaria, and the disease becomes quiescent, seldom appearing amongst the residents except in a mild form. New comers,, however, may get a. severe bout of it if they remain in the place for a few months, though that does not follow as a necessity. The beSt proof that malaria is almost a negligible quantity in the settled parts of the tropics lies in the fact that whereas thirty years , ago praGtieally none escaped, while many died of the fever, to-dey it is the exception if the new chum direct from Europe gets fore than a slight attack. As Townsville isfiut a few miles from Oaims, and Dr. Breinle is a frequent visitor to the latter place, it will be in teresting; to learn exactly what the scientist means by the word "rampant," if ever he used it. That the Cairns indignation may properly be described as - rampant goes without .saying. . &lt; / STOCK FREIGHTS. Last October I referred to the efforts ..of the meat companies to; induce the Govern ment to continue the 25 per .cent, rebate on stock freights, so as to prevent cattle being overlanaed to New South Wales.'The rebates had .been in. force. since .10Q4, and the Railway Commissioner, saving that stock freights, were not profitable,. urged their abolition. The meat companies de clared -that this Would add 3/6 per. head to the cost of stock. The matter.has been brought up . again, afterthe Minister had more than once consulted theCabinet. He told a fresh deputation, with some force, that it yv-as unwise for-any public utility to grant concessions, aa * proposition to discontinue .them was regarded ah an in fringement of an acquired right. He. has, however, decided to abolish half the amount ofrebate from-the,ntet or 1014, aUd the second half froih .the first of 1P15.. The, coij cpasipnkndwp as starving' stock rates is to be continued; ; Additional lnterestis lent to this matter, as it: emphasises the .point made by Mr. Denham in Melbourne, who, when questioned about the Beef Trust, directed attention to the feet that lbs carnage -d! cattle was in the hands of the Government, 'which controlled the railway freights. This added charge will, of course, affect the new American works equally with the locally-owneo  CURRENT TOPICS iie Week's Weather. Svnop.si.s of the weather for the week iding May &lt;>, 191U:—Tho rainy her, which began last week, was iuued mulcr a succession qf slight waves of haroinctric pressure. Modorale tu heavy rain was recorded North-West* West, and East from April •'*&lt;) to May 2, with light to moderte rain in the South and Midlands. Sliow^r b Mere general on the 3rd, but •avy inin was recorded ou tlie the West, with light to inoderain elsewhere. At noon on tlie 4th barometer began-to rise steadilvJ still failing in the West, with' crs over the island. On the 5th au im-cyclone had readied Tasmania from' ilio mainland, bringing fine, w titer and frosty or foggy nights. Tim weather continued -on the Gth, the auti-cyclone stretching from Adelaide tn, New Zealand, barometer at Swansea reading 91)..>3 inches at 9 a.m. Westerly winds prevailed during the first part of the week, but light variable winds on the oth nnd Cth. chiefly east- The maximum toiupcratu _ IIobart during the week varied from iOtlcg on the 2nd, to 56deg on the 3rd nid at Launceston from G3deg on th« l'nd and Cth, to 56dcg on the 4th. Thi rainfall for the week was as follows:— Northern Division: Stanley. 117 pionts Irishtown. points; ' Uurnie, 121 jiobits: Devonport, 10$ joints; Cressr, IDO points: Launceston. 125 points : lioaconsfield. 127 joints; Low Head, 101 points: ficottsdale, 200 points; jShoflield, 151 points. West Coast: War a tali. o36 points; Magnet, 513 IHiints: Zeohan, 744 points; C'apeSorell, '421 points. Darwont: Hamilton, 7£ points. East Coastal: Uoobyalla, 62 pjinis: Kddystone. 77 points: Kingaloonia. 377 points: Oould's Countrv, 1!'!) points; St. Holm's. 38 points: Scamauder, 22 points: Mathinna, 97 Swansea, points. Midlands: Oat lands. 74 points. South-East: Brighton. points,: Glenorchv, 7f points; Hohart, , 4S 4* points: Springs, 1U i'nintf-; Hokehy, 2t- \wiuu; Hythe. lot points: Port Cygnet. 127 points. Cement L. wragge. Not the time now many vean i :o that lVof'-ssor J'roctor came to out Niiores and diheoursed of other wo rid t • !>ai: ours, has anyone aroused sucli in- 'i-iffct among tli^ public- as the wellknown astronomer nnd meteorologist, Clement L. Wraggo, who will give, oi \Ionday evening m-xt.at the Town Hall, liis most interesting rntertaininent, ,4 A Voyage ^Through the Vniverse." Mi Wragge's quaint humour and nnoon- •.i-ntional mode of treating his subject engross and charm his audienre. Hi> .iipnv lantern slides are admirable, and the journey he takes his hearers to th&lt; beautiful and enrioits places of our little planet is illustrated by a number ol interesting and beanlifnlly-colonred vi,-\is. 'Hioso desirous of spending pleasant and instructive evening hhould n:.t fail to put in an apjjearanec. " nerved seats may be obtained at rt'nlvh aid Sens', Iwoksellers. scottsdale-Branxholm Extension. The Kngiiieor-in-Chief (Mr Jamef iirnam) bat- ieo>iv&lt;Kl a prog 1 rt from the engineer in charge of the pttMlale-lirniixliolin line exlensioi: nolds), in \ihich IK nablod go-K 1 ' oik* g. Willi the weather brok- 'siderable chw k may bt> y compiotod tor a The side falling ns trees on pii done for l»etwe?n ie earthworks have ! fir nu equivaleut 1&lt;-i sixt-en miles. All tin. done for about.20 miles. F progress again, and Kevei »s bave I toon done. Tin laid for about milo_, ... t the bottom ballast has been la t- Rr  WEATHER CYCLES AND COMETS. Mr. W. II. Webb, Bathurst, writes: —'Early in March Mr. T. W. Keele gave an interesting account' of his in vestigations on weather cycles, and quoted from the Bible in support of his theory that 'the 11-year cycle is the true periodicity.' lie studied the Dar ling River and Lake George flood re cords, and iroiu the latter says: 'It clearly shows a period of 57 years.' From 'the. annual inundations of the Nile as far back as 173G and up to 1!)05 — it became evident that its period must be either .114 years or 171 years. ' Then lie quotes the late Mr. Symons ou British rainfall showing 57 years, and' historical events from Walford's and other catalogues as showing 171 years as the 'regular intervals.' Con cerning the 171 years cycle, I wrote some time ago that life was too short to worry over a 171 year's cycle, and I observe that Mr. T. E. Willis is of the same opinion. It is interesting to see that Mr. Ivecle admits that 'thero were evidences that some mysterious in fluence affected tho weather every 19 years.' When I first read of Mr. Kee'e's 171 years' cycle, some months ago, I wondered whether ho ? ever thought of a peculiarity iu his findings, viz., that all of his arguments support the 19 years', cycle, so ably worked out for some time by tlic late Mr. Russell, inasmuch as he names a 57 years' cycic, which is really three periods of 19 years and his 171 years cycle is also three periods, but of 57 years, and nine of the 19 years cycle. I always believe in looking at the bright side of things; hence shortly after reading Mr. Clement Wragge's alarming statement, pub'ished on Sep tember 11, 190S, that 'the rainfall in .Australia will now fall off, but the coming drought will probably be not so severe as the last,' in Janauary of 1909 when I had completed some investiga tions after several months of very dry weather, 1 wrote that good rains were not far off. Only a few days later ex cellent rains fell, January finishing with 370 points at Bathurst, and the year turning out one of the best for nine years, not only here, but all over the State. It is now just 12 months since I wrote regretting that the Com monwealth Meteorology Department did not publish tho va'uable informa tion that the late Mr. Russell used to give and, as people .were complaining bitterly about tho dry spell then prevail ing, especially about Sydney and the South Coast ,both being about one-third short, the Hunter and Manning one quarter short, tho central west slopes the same short, the north coast ouc t'enth, and south tableland one-twe'fth short, I said that some of them might reasonably expect early relief. Every one of these had magnificent rains, aud finished up the year 1909 with great increases. And since then greater rains have fallen, even to severe floods, in several parts, and ' waterspouts have been seen on the ocean. The important question to now con sider is: — What is probable after the fearful downpours in Europe, on the ocean, and some parts of Australia? The long dry spells since March 12 last, when 114 points fell, and only 41 points -W1 Anvil IS ' -ill/1 11 „n AiM-il -M f„.r/.f_ her with severe frosts, and good threat euings, but all going away, and other bad signs, one is reluctantly compelled to feel that some 'mysterious influence' is at work interfering with the 39 years cycle, and that possibly Mr. Cement Wragge's drought has com menced. The passing of the stars Venus and Jupiter brought nice rains. The Aurora Australia brought lovely rains. The so lar eclipse apparently did nothing. It is Hall'ey's comet that wc now look to as the cause of the trouble. The last great comet that wo remember was that of 1881. The year 1880 was a drought, and this continued until 188G; and thou sands of live stock in this State and in Queensland died. Creeks dried up abou't Bathurst and Orange that were never known dry before. It has boen said that it is 74 years since Ilalley's comet appeared until now. That takes us back to'183G (it appeared in 1835). As a boy I well remember my late grandfather often speak of the fearful drought of 1839. It was long and bad; and, as we usually speak of 'them from the close, it is most like'y :to have u#-fi I'.f-n/i »w-i-- isar, As severe droughts followed the ap pearance of the comets in 1835 and 1881 wo fear it may be a dry time during the next two or three years, notwith standing the fact that the great south ern, anti-cyclonic belt is in tho rainy season. We have had the assurance of Mr. Wragge that the drought will not be 'so severe as the last; hence we can rest assured that the country will. sur- vive it. It is considered by many land owners in the 'Riverina that the development of many districts would be enhanced by the State Government granting power to tho sliire councils to construct light railway lines. Several Queens land lines are municipalised. The Becn leigh line becomes the absolute pro perty of the farmers when all the in-' stalnicnts arc paid. In every case in tho northern State tho money so invested roturns a profit to the councils.  ? ? A fitting job: The policeman's; - » • • . . Put up to it: The Saifey Gamp; * •• * • - * — ...... A-niee-seream: Italy's whoop for war. • i • * * * • , An idle • roomer is » the loafing • Iodgerl The tie-up righter; A judge in dlr vorce. Puppet-ual: whanging. Parliamentary slang- Author-docke cles. Writers of strike arts- , ' . i The crown of sorrow: Fined 5/ o* the rising. &lt; . • • # • •• Verandah building is 1 a very shady business. • • * • The noblest row-man of 'em all: Old Bill Beach. * * • The rising tied: The twain anxious for divorce. It's. the rabbit-oh merchant who. is, really {he furilaer. ^ * • » » The vyce that breathed o'er Eden? r The matrimonial grip. : * ' * .* The route of all evil: The way the sugar goes at the races. / • * • m A feast of palms.: Wfcen the fortuneteller is driving brisk biz. • « e Pro bono publico: An out-of-work-actor snavelling his swank. ' • • • Women are not advocates of closing—they never shut up. early The Sabbath; notwithstanding, tHe Lot, is a day of swanktity. It's a toss up as to who has tbemost taking ways, the thief or the trap. • * » It's the unsuccessful Parliamentary candidate who looks to the few-chefer.. _ The hand that roeks the cradle jjiles j] in Turkey, for there the woman wears 'em. • • * - • • t The greatest of all sculptors; • Tlje airman. He is responsible for the most busts. ' • •• Wtinien may not wear the wotsuaims, but -some of" 'em have mole-skins—on tt&eir' dials. . — : . . - * * * -/.'Politicians skiting about their pet Sites for the Federal City are like so many yabbc-riginals. ^ approaching golden summer time is;not likely to be nearly as hot as the • songs of the • serios. • * " It is reported that the bombardment of ^Tripoli killed nine persons—all Jews. Popped off at last! ^ ^ " Said that the whale lias the. thickest skin,of any living creature- What about the Australian M.PJ • » w 1 pickpockets would listen to pursewaye^shun, there would be fewer cas#s of pinching in the city. a. recent medical Work recommends onions for sleeplessness. Depends a good deal upon who eats them. The erouk. pug who fights in newspapers plainly demonstrate , that their yap*iS->& a false-set-to voice. 'V " «• • _ " • Astronomers have discovered thai ilie Dlaiet Jupiter is not solid, but a seething mass of vapor. Seeth there now! »' • » Says Lang of McVea: "There's more in his left than most onlookers thlhk-" Evidently the pentle William was right there when it came along. » •» . * The new battleship, King George V. kas been christened with Australian wine. If the Britishers would wet their neeks instead of their ships vvita oiir ,product it would be more to the purpose. ^ ^ ^ To most men success in life coines— if- it condescends to put in an appearance at all—so late that it has little real value. Balzac sums it up thus:— V Providence gives a inan nuts to eat after • he has lost his teeth.'' * • • • The Chows call aviators "sons of the Heavens "—angels, in fact." If the gtt^eless ,'Chinkies understood European languages they would be a bit Surprised at the remarks of some of these angels ». when the ». gear goes » • wrong. A Melbourne press chronicler of the small beer of Sassiety remarks that the charities mainly exist through the generosity of the rich." Which is a idamlye; but a much fainter tarradiddle than" a lot more fulsome flam that is specially rigged for the behoof of Fat. : Someone suggests a union of farmers. on the^lines of the A.W.A. Well, it would -be a great thing, of course, but 'fcritic" doubts its feasability. Every congregation of cockles that this scribe knows, come to holts over such a simple * matter as the best method of "burnjng off." ' • * » , Australia has at last got a battleship of her very own. Last Wednesday week our first "cruiser slid off the slips at Clydebank, and was duly christened ^Australia." However, one cruiser .won't count .for much in a willing naval scrap, so the Sooner we get some more the better. ' -* . - • * Perth' Tramway Company, Ltd., of London, or rather, its directors, think that it will be difficult to get the shareholders to accept £500,000 for the property now. Of course they do since Molloy and others offered £450,000. Tiiey know now they've got something somebody else wants to buy, and up goes the price accordingly. • » * Our old friend Tom Brimage, M.L.C., knows when to come in out of the wet. He his just applied to the Eastern Goldfields Council of the A.L.F. for membership of the Political Labor Party. That "body hasn't fallen over itself to grant his request, and it is a toss up whether Tom will in future snore on the Labor side of the House on the other. There's a chance of China and Japan getting -into holts. The former threaten to bdycott Japanese goods if the latter assist the Manchus. The rebels have an idea that the little brown man I s , onl 7 waiting to step in. We'], a to a finish between the pa.r r nngM; luig not be disadvantageous the rest of the world. * * * The honest war contractor afiain steps into the limelight. Sui.i that the recent liloivi'ng tap of two French battleships was due to the fact that i *crook.'' giin- 'pWjier was supplied. About four hundred lives were lost, but about all that is.likelv to happen to the assassin is that he"wili lose his job. The rinh for profits provides some strange results, at times. According to his press agent, a visir ting entertainer "can conjure spirits from out the mighty tleep-" Well, we will 'defy him to conjure back the Wilson "Surplus." * • - » Judge Hodges, of Victoria, liag bpen handing out some solid retribution to those monsters guilty of offences against women. One of them scored ten years last week. In this country he'd probably have got off with six months—if he wasn't accorded a vote of thanks. • » « The Murray Government are remarkably considerate to the Victorian employer. They are about to import 1,140 artisans and 1,100 female -operatives for factory employment. Some of those, 2,240 skilled workers will bless Murray and his crew before they are much older. • * • Modest Mr. Arnst. He offers Barry £500 if he will come out and row hhn for the championship on the Tarramatta, but he reserves the gale and picture money to himself, tittle wonder Barry says he is unable to visit Australia for business reasons. Arnst probably supplies the business reasons. • • • •• Possibly it is a natural mistake, but we do wish so many papery would not • misprint the name of the lafe Ghief Secretary of N.S. Wales- It is quite bad enough to know that a fine, simple, manly fellow like Donald McI>onneil has gone, but it is an added shock to hear of the death of Donald McDonald, the vwir correspondent and litterateur. • i • • . Thus a curious correspondent: "Foreman machinist .of the State Printery Is acting as an instructor at Jthe-^^hRlj^Lfifl^fe,..- Do^ ..the- gentleman give his valuable services for honor aild glory, or cloes he collect a fee?" Can't say, friend. The problem is passed to the Commissioner for elucidation. * * * Thank Heaven, Perth people can get their leaky tanks and broken gas-pipes repaired again. The plumbers' strike is off, and everything is satisfactorily settled. Journeymen solder-splashers are to have a minimum rate of 13/ a day with extra rates for country work. Householders will require to be careful with their tin-ware • now- • * • . , « Another of the Austrian Boyal family has shown Sis preference for love over the pomp and panoply of the purple, fle has just chucked up his rank in order to marry a girl who is merely a commoner. Bum lot that Austrian crowd. The girls bolt, with tutors and chauffeurs, while the boys cotton to girls witli no. "frill" about them. Shows they possess some sincerity jo£ feeling, anyway. ^ " ^ Clement Wfagge, the weather wizard, provides the Australian "cocky" with some cheerless news. Wragge says the presept -drought will most likely continue until 1915, though it won't be so bad as the previous one. And the disconsolate part of-the business is that Wragge is usually pretty correct with his forecasts. To be hoped he'll notch one "bloomer" this time. • « « There are lots of things Bigjohn Forrest doesn't know. He considers that the pearling industry cannot be satisfactorily carried out with white labor. If John knew as much about his native State as be professes to know he would be able to tell people that individual experiments have been made in which it has been found that, white divers can easily over-"lay" the Asiatie breed. * • * Isn't it about time the Federal Government dropped these futile attempts to block TattersaU!s. sweeps? Twenty thousand applicants for tickets in Victoria and New South Wales last week had their applications returned totheni by the P.M.G. These were requests for tickets on the Melbourne Cup. Still, the sweeps will fill all the same, even though the wowsers do have a temporal laugh at the discomfiture of a few i thousand speculators. • « * Weather wizard Wragge "s prediction of a drought reaching its worst in 1911 is being widely quoted. The Inclemen; one is now writing forecasts for Sydney Sun" wherein ,his varied gifts are displayed in a vocabularv that is rich and rare. Wragge's habit of naming his "liighs" and "lows" after prominent personages, had not a little to do with his retirement from tbe office of Queensland Meteorologist one fiery politician taking violent offence at having been made good parent to a cyclone that destroyed lialf his electorate. « * • Some months back at a conference of representatives of Kookynie. Malcolm anil Mensics, amalgamation of the local authorities was decided on, the territory presently controlled by councils. roads boards. &lt; r te. to b^ divided iiv 10 thm/ce.ual portions. r;t ii under or.e sole authority. Avwuvntiy Ulis \v is no mere formal rcschuion far Malcolm lists already bunged in its alloy by :i request *•" ih&lt;- &lt;".~>;oni;i! ^oorrtary that m»3iioi:>n?ity be dissolved. To lv> j hoped ;h&lt;> oxampk- wiil indue? ; farther tots of "'r.> 1 .ri-kaii in other disj tricts wlv'Ti* itu- !or-a! pvvernment is \ j J split up amcn% li;*If dozen tin-pit ! 1 authorities, each with its own official ! iia£f. I Leederville Council has followed the example, of other bodies, and hiye increased the wages of its employees by a boly-a-day. so that they may meet the ; demands . of , the grocer butcher and baker, to say. nothing of the landlordprivate employers, ' however, so far J haven 't made a move in. a similar di- . rection. * • » •« • Midland Junction Council was moved to, angry criticism of Jamie Lapsley'fi polished brass and gold-braided fire brigade the other night. Said the -Mayor, *'.We had a better brigade when we paid only £5Q a year for it, and now we pay over £200 for nothing." Quite right; .Lapsley is a terror to sacrifice utility to show. ..'*.'' * ' * Certain German bachelors in for a rough time. All unmarried persons, it is proposed, over the age of 30 will be called upon to pay 5 per cent, on incomes 'between £150* and £300 a year, and 10 per cent, upon incomes above that amount. &lt;Jood news, this, for the loverless Gretchen pining for a husband. "But what will "Karl the myso : ginist" think»of it? * * 9 * A philosophic cuss was the Chow general, who, when he was* caught by the rebels gladly took , command of their forces." Says he decided that it was better to belong to a united "than to a disunited party. Doubtless he also decided: that it was better to retain a. united than a disunite^ body.' Anyhow, txiere was no bigoted patriotism or loyalty about him. * * » The uspaf* -weekly correspondent 'again weighs in with the complaint about" people smoking in nonsmoking railway ' compartments- • Which is all very .\yell, but.3vhy doesn't he,make a remark' or lwo r "about" f tfe"non-smokers and lVom.en who consistently crowd into smokers thereby forcing tobacco users Into other carriages? One evil is quite as bad as the other- • j. •• * * - Johnson, the stoush expert, spends a good deal/of time lately in getting emptied out of things. The gorilla with the'dental gold mine managed to engineer himself into a Scottish Freemasonry Lodge j and now the Grand Lodge of Scotland is considering the matter. .An inquiry is to be held into the circumstances .surrounding his initiation into the Forfar Lodge. This is a case, wherein Mr. Johnson should be handed the full ;oait. « . *.' • - What has become of all the patent- Australian* airships, the inventors of which were going to paralyse the-world with new ideas? The prize of £5,000 offered by the Federal Government has not been awarded because none of the applicants having submitted a machine that would stand a practical test. The offer is'not to-be renewed. Flying machines are evidently not in Australia 's line. We're better at flying "kites." "Critic'-' is satisfied.that some Australians are music-mad, anyway. Prior to MelbaJs last Sydney appearance in "Faust" jnany enthusiasts accomplished thfe feat of waiting all nightlong, in the street on the off-chance of getting tickets, and then waited all day to get into the "theatre. There were two thousand applicants for the paste boardsj but only 800 were available. To be hoped Melba sang \yell enough to keep the lucky 800 awake. It is also to be hoped that she was spared the pleaur6 &lt;jf listening to the remarks oi the other 1,200. • « • THE G0QD KIND OWNER "In order that the owner may not be called uppn to make a liar of himself he has to avoid bis friends and bide himself until the race is over. There is no plfeasure whatever in facing with the 'Tote.'. It gives a lot of pleasure to a mail, to be able to tell a friend 'what horse he can put £1 or £3> but the'Tote* makes him selfish."—Sir. Mason, of New Zealand, on the Totalisator. * ; It was the good, kind owner Who stepped Upon tbe course, And always loved to tell his friends To go and back his horse; The horse that jdways tried And tried, But never won—'twas said, By nasty, evil-minded fol£. The animal was "dead." It was the good, kind owner. Of whom we all are proud. Who only kept bis horses for The pleasure of the crowd; Who paid out thousands every year That punters still might punt, And dropped a bitter, silent tear When his nag whipped in the hunt. It was the good, kind owner, Devoid of bluff or brag, Who never put a "crook 'un" up— A ^ee-gee in the "bag"— Who watched with" anxious eyes at length A.nd wrathful, wild -alarms Because it' seemed his jockey *s strength Lay mostly in his arms. It was thp sood. kind' owner The foolish mob have hissed, A5 :iinc,F. because they knew him not As a philanthropist; And. recognising- not his worih. Would jam adown his throat The greatest curse upoJi the earth That can't bs squared—the "Tata."*. ' ' • . ' . i  Northern Meteorological Station A PROPOSED SCHEME A public meeting conevened by the Mayor (Alderman R. W. McClelland), at the request of some citizens, was &nbsp; held at the Town Hall on Thursday afternoon for the purpose of consider ing the advisability of establishing a Meteorological Station for North Queensland. The Mayor was in the chair, and there were present Messrs J. Hodel, G. Gordon, B. Toll, H. R. Thomson, L. C. Woolrych, R. G. John son, J. Swan (Ingham), J. Donaldson, E Norris, C. Short, E. T. Thorp, E. Aldous, H. B. Marks, J. Woodward, R. A. Wakeford, R. L. Craddock, R. Reid, Captain R. Sunter (of the Wollowra), Dr W. B. Nisbet, and others. The Mayor briefly stated the objects of the meeting, which in view of the heavy rain falling, he thought had been well timed, and called upon Dr Nisbet to further explain the proposal. Dr Nisbet said the subject had been practically opened by the Federal Gov ernment Meteorologist (Mr Hunt), who last year visited the North in order to make inquiries into meteorological matters, and had announced that he would be pleased to meet people in terested in meteorological matters. Un fortunately he did not carry out his proposals, but passed through very hurriedly. The Cairns Chamber of Com merce got hold ot him there, and urged the necessity for a Northern branch of the Meteorological Station, but Mr Hunt said he saw no occasion for the establishment of such a station. When he returned to Townsvllle, scarcely anyone knew he was here, and he only interviewed the President of the Chamber of Commerce and the Post master. Mr Parkes, unfortunately was not so interested in the matter at the time, as he became later, and missed &nbsp; his opportunity. Since the departure of Mr Hunt, the Cairns Chamber had again brought the matter up. At that time he (the speaker), was brought into contact with practically all the officers of the boats trading alone tbe Northern coast, and he interviewed all the captains and pilots on the subject, and they were unanimously of opinion that something should be done in the direction ot establishing a meteoro logical station in the North, for the purpose of forecasting the weather in the centre of the equally belt— whether at Cairns or Townsville or elsewhere, did not matter. And there was no &nbsp; question that such a station should be established. Most of those present had had experience of these squalls, and disturbances, which were more frequent than most people imagined. Mr Wragge, in three years, in giving names to these disturbances had run the whole gamut of be Greek alpha bet and it was in that series that Sigma got its name. Since then they had the squall in which the pearling fleet was lost in the West, also Leonta, and the one in which the Yongala was lost. With the increase in population in the North, and the growth of tra velling traffic, there was a real neces sity for some action being taken. Every other tropical coast In the civi lised portions of the world had some such provision for safety. A ship cap tain had told him recently that all seamen were glad when the three dangerous months were over, and there was no doubt that the nervous strain on the captains must be great. At Mauritius they had the greatest con fidence in the station they had estab lished and at Manila the matter of weather forecasting had been brought practically to an exact science At Hong kong when the storm signals were dis played, the sampans got up their an chors and made for shelter, and even the men-of-war were glad of the warnings to make their preparations. For North Queensland, they had a beautiful out-station in New Cale donia. The federal Government had left them to their own resources, and refused to take action. That morning they had an instance of the unrelia bility of forecast from Melbourne, and the difficulty of getting warnings from there to the places likely to be affec ted. If the meteorologist centre was in the North, the time would not be occupied on the telegraph lines. He be lieved if they could establish and carry on a centre in the North this year it would force the hands of the Government in the future. He did not think there was anyone more capable than Mr Wragge of undertaking this work, and that gentleman had been communicated with, and his reply pub lished. It was a question now of ways and means. Mr Wragge detailed a scheme, in which he wanted nine sta tions equipped with instruments, at the cost of £25 each, and an office for himself and an assistant, and of course their salaries. But this proposal was too elaborate for the present year. They could not get the instruments in time, for one thing. But the Govern ment had been getting reports for &nbsp; years, and they must have the ne cessary instruments. The scheme he would propose was that Mr Wragge be invited to come over from Auck land for the 10 weeks of this season during which they might expect squalls. At £20 or £25 per week. There would also be the cables to pay for from New Caledonia, Gomen, and Fiji, which would probably cost £50 for the period. The whole scheme, he though, might be carried out for £325. But an impor tant proviso must be that they should get the land telegrams free from the Federal Government. For an office he would be willing to offer his own house. He thought Mr Wragge would be will ing to accept the position for the period of the dangerous season. Mr Marks, in connection with the remark, made concerning the Presid ent of the Chamber of Commerce, said Mr Parkes did take the opportunity, of urging the establishment of a Northern Station when Mr Hunt was in Towns ville, but Mr Hunt thought the present system was sufficient. Captain Sunter, of the steamship Wallowra, was called upon to address &nbsp; the meeting, and also took the oppor tunity of displaying a chart showing the course of a hurricane approaching the Queensland coast. He said.— The reasons why there should be a central meteorological station in Tropical Queensland are no doubt quite obvious when you consider that the hurricane cyclone originates in the tropics, passes through them full of fury, a danger to life and property, both on land, and at sea, and really does not lose its dangerous characteristics, until after its passage through the tropics. By having a properly equipped station &nbsp; either at Cairns, or Townsville, I am sure warnings could be sent out hours earlier than under the present condi tions ot weather warnings. Mr Wragge has been written to and asked if he would take charge of a station during the hurricane season, and has an swered in the affirmative. To my mind, a more able man cannot be procured in Australia, and I venture to say, Mr Wragge is perhaps amongst the lead ing meteorologists of the world to-day. His idea of getting barometer readings from places off the coast, is en excel lent one as we are all aware that hur ricanes have rushed down on to the coast from seawards, without giving very much warning of their approach, as far as barometric indications are concerned, until they have, actually reached us in a dangerous form. For instance, the Grantala left here at 4.30 p.m. without any suspicion whatever of the approach of the raging hurri cane which brought about the loss with all hands, of the fine steamer Yongala, and yet after the Grantala had only been at sea two hours, she found her self involved in this dreadful hurri cane. I feel certain that had there been a station here or elsewhere in the tro pics, with barometer readings avail &nbsp; able from places off the coast, the ap proach of this hurricane would have been traced at least in time to prevent the Grantala from going to sea, and the Yongala disaster would most likely have, bean averted. I think everyone will agree with me, when I say, that through loss of life alone, North Queensland has earned the considera tion of the Commonwealth authorities for a station in the tropics. But it ap pears the Commonwealth Meteorolo gist, Mr Hunt, has turned a deaf ear to the cry of Queensland people for a station in their midst, so it leaves but one thing for the people to do, and that is to carry out the present scheme laid before this meeting so ably by Dr. &nbsp; Nisbet. In conclusion, I must say, I admire the determined efforts of that gentleman, and only hope that they will be crowned with that sucess which this noble cause deserves. For my &nbsp; part, I am prepared to place myself at the disposal of any committee that may be formed, to help in this impor tant matter, for I can assure you gen tlemen, that, unless something is done, disasters will happen again, for which we will be very sorry. I would here like to quote Henry Piddington, one of the grand old masters of the law of storms. He says, 'As a mere ques tion of humanity then, we claim on this the highest ground, the support of all, whether sailors, or landsmen. As a scientific question we are certain of the aid of men of science, in every quarter of the globe; and as one of mere pecuniary calculation we may boldly say that merchants, ship owners, underwriters, and sailors themselves, must be wilfully blind and deaf to their plainest interests when they do not encourage the researches relating to storms.' Mr G. Gordon said there was no doubt the establishment of such a sta- tion would be an important thing for North Queensland, more especially for the shipping interests. It was late now, but if they formed an active com mittee, they might be able to get some thing done. &nbsp; &nbsp; Mr J. Donaldson also supported the scheme, and said the sooner, they got under weigh the better. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Mr Woolrych said they were all fully seized with the importance of the proposal, but of course, it was a ques tion of money, and he would like to ask Dr Nisbet if he had any scheme for raising this. &nbsp; Dr Nisbet said the matter was ur gent and anything that was done would have to be done without delay. He would suggest that a committee be formed, and they go right on with the scheme. He would suggest that the shipping companies might he asked to subscribe sums to some extent com mensurate with their interests, and the marine insurance companies be asked. Then there was also a source from which they might also obtain some help— he referred -to the Yongala Relief Fund, which had some £700 to its cre dit. The sufferers by the disaster had been relieved, and the original cause for the fund had ceased to exist. If the trustees of the fund would agree they could give substantial assistance, and with moderate subscriptions from the shipping companies and insurance companies they might have the money required within seven days. If Mr Wragge agreed to accept, they could then insist on the Federal Government supplying them with the free tele grams. Mr H. B. Marks was appointed Sec &nbsp; retary, and the following committee was then appointed:— Messrs C. Short, L. C. Woolrych, R Aldous, G. H. Moore, J. Donaldson, and the Mayor (ex officio). &nbsp; Mr R. A. Wakeford expressed plea sure at the scheme being put in hand. It was a matter of peculiar interest to all coastal towns between Mackay and Cooktown, and he thought the committee should get into direct touch with the municipal councils of these places, and ask for donations. With the small sum required there should not be much difficulty in raising it. This concluded the business of the meeting. A meeting of the committee wae held directly after the public meeting, when the question of finances was gone into. It was decided first of all to cable to Mr Wragge in New Zealand, asking if he would accept certain terms offered, and the reply is now awaited. So far as the financial position is concerned, it is understood the trus tees of the Yongala Relief Fund have consented to contribute £100, provided the balance of the money is raised.  INTERESTING RENT CLAIM. 9 Cyclone Damaged Cottage. An interesting case affecting thc liability of a person who occupies a house which was damaged by the cyclone was heard before Mr. W. G. Ashton, Acting P.M., at the Small Debts Court, when E. H. Petersen sued Wm. Bradbury for £12/12/, al- leged to bc due for rent of a cottage in Byron Street, says the "Mackay Mercury." Edward Herman Petersen stated: I am a clerk and own a cottage in Byron ..Street. . In September, 1917, defendant came to me and asked me if I had a house to let. I told him I would have one in about five cr six weeks' time. He said that would do, and inquired what thc rent would be. I replied 14/ per week. He said that would suit, and later on got the keys from rae. On January 21 st of this year a cyclone occurred, and after-it abated, on the following Saturday (January 26) I went to have a look at the house. Defendant was not there. On the Sunday he came to my father's house and said, "You have all bad hard luck." I replied, "Yes." He said, "But your house did not shape too bad; there was not a leak at all right through the cyclone." He asked me when I could have re- pairs made, and I told him as soon as possible. It was very difficult to get carpenters and laborers at that time. I did not see defendant again for about a month, when he again called upon me, and asked when I was going toget the house fixed up. I told him I liad approached differ- ent contractors but they could not undertake to do the work as they had too much to do at - present. . I eventually had the place repaired at a cost of £22. Defendant returned to the house on February 2nd. On that day he called me into the house and said, "You are a nice sort of chap not cleaning the house out." I told him I thought it was his duty to do that, as he was renting the place. He said he was leaving the house the next day on account of the smell about thc place. I replied that all houses had a smell about them at that time. He left the house on February 3 and did not return until April 13. Between February 2 and. April 13 he frequently went to the house and used the stove. His fur- niture was still in the house. Be- fore I issued a summons for the re- covery of rent, I offered to submit the matter to arbitration, but defen- dant declined and advised me to take further action. Since the cyclone I have had other people wanting to rent the house. Cross-examined : I am not the owner of the land on which the house was situated. It is owned by the Town Council. It is_ a reserve. I understand the Council will not sell it but they lease it. My father leases it from the Council at £2 per an- num for ten years, and I lease it from him. Mr. Bradbury left the house thc day after the cyclone. The house was partly damaged by the storm; it was partly off the blocks. The blocks are 2ft. oin. out of the ground and one portion of the house was resting on thc ground and the other on the stumps. The fire recess was blown away and the stove de-" posted in thc yard. It was put back into position a couple of days later. The bathroom was washed away from the main building and an outhouse deposited under the bedroom window. It was possible to sleep in the house. I consider that had I not been able to have the place repaired for twelve months the tenant should have paid me rent seeing the place was fit to live in; I .consider I would'be get -ting';fdir treatment if a landlord treat- ed me'in the same way as I am treat- ing the'defendant. Bradbury did not, say to me, "The house is not fit to live in; I cannot bring my wife here; and I will not live in it." I did not say. "It is not fit for a woman to live in." nor did 1 tell him that my wife would not live in ber house. I left my own house and have not bce.n back to it since. I am renting it. It was re- paired before defendant's house, and I did not live in it up to the time it was repaired. I told Bradbury I had a good offer for the house, but did not say I had been offered £345 for it. Portion of defendant's furniture was washed away. Bradbury told mc the water rose 3ft. in the house. I know that Bradbury used the stove after the cyclone because I saw him doing so through the window. Bradbury of- fered me the rent for a fortnight prior to the cyclone and from April 13, but I declined to take the money. Robert Bradbury stated : I know plaintiff's house in Byron Street oc- cupied by the defendant. I saw the cottage shortly after the cyclone,, and was prepared to rent it. I considered it fit to live in. Cross-examined : I have not been in thc house since the cyclone, but from what I could see from the foot- path I was prepared to pay 14/ per ' week for the house even in the condi- tion it was in at thc time. The house would haye satisfied my requirements as it then stood. John O'Sullivan, carpenter, stated : I know plaintiff's cottage in Byron Street. A month after the cyclone I asked Petersen if he had the cottage formerly occupied by Bradbury to let. I was prepared to pay anything up to £1 per week for the house. Cross-examined : I did not know what condition the house was in, but I knew it had a roof on. I could have afforded to pay £1 per week for a house for four or five weeks until I got a place to live in. This closed the casev for the plain- tiff. Wm. Alfred Bradbury stated : I am a returned soldier from France and hold a clean .discharge. I made I ï^èin^ed^n'e^^ 1917, to January 21, and paid rent up to January 9th. During the cyclone flood water came" through thc house to a depth of 41't. 6in., and the place was washed off the blocks by thc tidal wave. Thc back door was burst open, the petitions of the house were car- ried back at least seven inches, two doors were wrenched oft, and fire place was carried away, and an out- house-was removed. Thc building was shifted from 20 to 24ft., one side on the ground, thc other resting on the blocks. The bathroom was car- ried over the fence to an adjacent.al- lotment to the side of Mr. Petersen's house. None of the doors in the house would close, and seven win- dows were damaged. Thc stove was out in the yard in a damaged condi- tion, the water pipes were disconnect- ed, the steps to the house were un- safe, the floors were warped and in thc bedroom the floor was cracked by one of the posts. I lost a good deal oí ny furniture. I left the house about midday on January 21 and got shelter at the Post Office for fourteen days The house was not habitable. On thc Thursday after the cyclone I saw Petersen, who promised, in the pres- ence of Mr. Smith, to have my house repaired the first dry week. About a fortnight later Petersen said he would cet the house "up ns soon as he co-J.d. I said I am shifting my things, whai little blt is left is.hardly worth shift- ing, and it is no!use hustling round looking-for a carter as the Council has them employed. Plaintiff agreed. After leaving the Post Office I took my wife back to the house. I strap-" ped the bed to the floor of the dining' room. Thc next morning I told Peter- sen I could not live there and he said, "Why not go over to* my'house; it is level on the ground ?" I said, "Are i not you going to live in it ?" He re- plied that his wife would not listen to j going back there. I said I would hot rent a house in that condition and was shifting down to Mrs. Wragge's place. 1 went and stayed there un- til April 13, and during that interval shared the rënt-with them. I went back to Petersen's house on April 13, ¡ind the carpenters were working there for three days after that. The place is not properly repaired yet. I replaced the stove about four days after I returned to the house. It was on the verandah. I did not use the stove after the cyclone until we re- turned to the house on April 13. On the following Wednesday I tendered Petersen the rents for the time I was occupying the house. He said "What about the fourteen weeks you . were out of it ?" I said, "You don't ex- pect me to pay for that, do you?" He said, "You don't expect me to' stand all the loss of the cyclone?". I said, "I understand it was distribut- ed fairly well; no one has offered to share mine." He said he would make me pay thc rent, and I said, "It is a fair dispute, I will test it" Eventual- ly I got a summons for the rent., Prior to this Petersen suggested get- ting four or five disinterested persons to arbitrate, but I declined to agree to this course. Cross-examined : I gave notice ter- ' minatin'gmy tenancy on January 23 or 24. It was a verbal, notice. Dur- ing the fourteen weeks Ï claim I have not to' pay rent I visited the house two or three times a week to feed my cats. The furniture in the house was mine. I do not suggest anybody else had a tendency of the place, besides myself. There was no new tenancy created between Petersen and my- self only when I returned to' the house. When I left the house I in- tended returning to it when it was re- paired. . Re-examined : I allowed my fur- niture to remain in the house because Petersen agreed to it. Had I known I would have had to pay rent I would have moved everything. Tilomas Brand stated : I inspected Petersen's house in Byron Street on January 28; It was not in a good con- dition for a tenant. I went for the purpose .of inspecting what was left of the furniture, which was purchased for Bradbury by the War Council. There was practically nothing left in the house ; it was not habitable. , Robert Harris Smith, a lineman employed by the Telegraph Depart- ment, also gave evidence in respect to a conversation which took place be- tween Bradbury and the plaintiff." This concluded the evidence. A verdict was given for plaintiff for amount paid into court, ¿4/18/, but costs amounting to ¿1/18/, were "or- dered to be paid by plaintiff.  MR. WRAGGE CRITICISED. MELBOURNE, February 8. The dreadful drought predicted - by Mr. Clement Wragge does not find anv credence amongst the weather prophets of Victoria. They maintain that Mr. .Wragge has been indulging in ''.Terrsmaids" for nine vears. and that it would be distinctly hard, luck I if he were not right some time or other. One of the chief of the weather- wise said". "Mr. Wragge's general assertions are irrebuttable. During the summer time- -.we shall, most like, ly. have, extreme heat on hot days, especially in inland and : tropical parts of Australia, and in winter time "we are. likely to have rains and foes on the tops of mountains of high, .altitude," and snow will fall. "Over ,-in Western Australia it may be Confidently predicted that copious rains -will fall during the wet seas? on,.and:qn the north-west coast pro vision should be made for willy-will ies ; -while in Queensland we may ex pect cyclones in the cyclone season ; and in Sydney the atmosphere will be hutnid when conditions make for "humidity. "In short, one could not be far wrong, when tipping that there, will be south winds when the wind is - bio wing from the south. In" all these particulars no one can' .possibly dis agree with ,Mr. Wragge. ""Speaking seriously, there are no scientific data known to man that will enable anyone, to predict with any degree of "accuracy what . the Weather will' be" two or three years hence. This is the consensus of opin ion of the/principal authorities of the world who are especially- study ing this problem of weather predic tion. . ... "Going back to Mr. Wragge -it will be remembered that he promised a very bad season' for Victoria in 1911, I whereas we had an exceptionally I good and bounteous season. Gipps- I land was to be burnt up. As a mat ter of fact, Gippsland was blessed, with abundant rainfall, and her primary industries were in a very I flourishing condition. The only way 1 can possibly interpret the doleful 1 warnings which Mr. Wragge issues at I intervals is to take the reverse I as being likely to happen. What he has said lias not occurred. Therefore, we may assume that what he does not say will probably occur." .  NORTHERN METEOROLOGICAL ; ;; , ; STATIONS Jii another place in this issue of the'. "Telegraph" will lie 'found an interview' with Captain ft. Irvine, of the steamer ' lnnaininclta, in which lie details the steps . that arc being taken in the north for the; establishment , of a thoroughly '-equipped', meteorological station at Cairns. ..On; several occasions tho "Telegraph" 1ms; urged, the federal authorities to establish , such a station; Northern Chauibcns of. Copunerce have vigorously supported tho , "Telegraph's" arguments,., and lengthy . communications have passed between those bodies and the Commonwealth meteorolo gist. For reasons best known to -himself, i Unit . officer' has consistently opposed" the' establishment ' of such station; though every experienced shipmaster, on the coast emphatically declares that the station Is- imperatively necessary/ As previously, pointed 'out liy the "Telegraph," Cairns is the centre of those cyclonic disturb ances, which arc such a menace, to coastal shipping during the first three months oi the year. Such disturbances come as regularly us do'.tliq months themselves, but information concerning, their approach Is supplied with corresponding irregularity. The result is that ships trading between the south and northern porta riovcr know when they may run into a terrific cyclone peradventure to bo utterly overwhelmed, ami they and. their precious freight ,of human lives, and merchandise, sent to the bottom nt tin!" sea. as was the . ill fated Yongala. The irregularity in ques tion is duo to the fact that, instead of there being a thoroughly equipped meteor ological station at Cairns, whence abso lutely reliable and right up to tho moment information could In; issued con cerning weather conditions, the meagre information collected by the meteorologi cal oltice in Melbourne is fil tered through by wire to Cairns. During the cyclonic season, telegraphic, communication with the north is most precarious, lor the line is constantly swept n way by fierce storms ; and by the time information reaches Cairns, ves sels that have left that port are , well out in tin: vortex of tho disturbance, tho approach of which should liavo been noti fied many hours before. According to Captain Irvine, who lias taken a lively interest in this matter, residents of Cairns- and Townsvillc have determined to take the establishment oi a thoroughly equipped meteorological sta-' tion at Cairns into their own hands. They liaVe decided to put up the neces sary money for equipping such station', and for paying a thoroughly competent meteorologist to lake charge of it. And it will not he surprising- to learn that lliey ' have secured the services of that acknowledged meteorological export, Air. Clement Wragge, whoso work, when in charge oi Queensland's meteorological bureau, was so eminently effective. liul: so far us this year's cveloriic season is concerned, the schema j.s a dav behind the fair. Thai, however, cannot he helped , for as Captain Irving points mil . uciiou lias been delayed be cause northern residents were Imping against Impc Mia I the Federal Govern ment would recognise I he necessity for I lie proposed station, However, by the end of this year,- I lie new station will lie ll.oroiighiy cqiiipued. and Air. Wragge will lie installed in charge. This is n eas-.: in proof of Hie help which providence gives .to .them .who help themselves ; hut why. should a matter so important as that now in question, lie left to private . en terprise ? In other w.onis, why should those who .pay towards this enterprise do so for tho benefit of the whole of the pooplc of Australia. These contributors j all are taxpayers to tho Commonwealth; thev pay towards the upkeep of mcteoro- . logical stations in other parts of Austra lia, many of which are declared ' to - he j quite superfluous. Yet, because, of the refusal- of the. Commonwealth ' meterolo- J gist to 'accept the opinion of the whole j army of shipmasters on tlio coast, every ' one of , whom, by reason of his . profes sion and training, is a meteorologist -; of no. mean order, declares tliat a meteoro logical station at .Cairns is an imperative necessity.!-. The people of Cairns and Townsvillc are forced to put. their hands in their own pockets, and provide for . themselves protection which, obviously, , it j it is the duty of'the. CommoiivvcaTth .Gov ernment to allord them, and, through , them, to all whom may travel along our j riorlhorn const, : either for busi- j ness or pleasure. The least that the ' Commonwealth meteorojo- j gist can do is to ' convince . the I Federal Government that his sole opinion I is of weight - greater than that of the I combined opinions of all of -the coastai shipmasters. Has he done that.'! 'Can ho' do it V: If lio Y-an, well and goo(J ; _.but 'the people of Cairns and Townsvillc ob viously'. demonstrate their confidence in the opinion of the shipmasters, by back ing it up with their own good cash to 'the tune of about -.£1,000. per year. Aloney talks. Tile whole of this business should be brought directly under the notice of the Federal - Cabinet. It is a matter of ! paramount importance, not onlv to! Queensland, as one of. the heaviest chntri- ( Ijtitors to Commonwealth, revenue, but to , the whole of Australia. And as such the Federal Chhinet should consider and1' de termine' on it.  SAYINGS OF TO-DAY AND YESTERDAY. Circumstances alter kisses.-Caro lyni Wells.. Many .are men of probity -until you, begin to probe:-J. Whitman: The man who can't remember when he was a fool is one yet?-Strickland' Gillian. About the only way a woman can' keep a secret :is.to keep it going. Nathan Levey.',.' Woman: A being to runaway. from;, or with-as the: case may be.-Elbert; Hubbard. Young men,-I have to'advise you to' try to be good rather than great. You'll have less competition.,-T. Lawson: The wages of sini is exposure.-Es tells Klauder. A high old. time lays-.many: a man low.-Cole Blease.. On the door of success is "push,' -in brass.-Upton Sinclair. Lots of people will take everything for granted,' except' a hint--Green wood Lake. 'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all, but it isn't so cheap.-Sam Stimson. The trouble with the average mar ried man is that he doesn't know wlaLt a jewel his wife is till he comes to put her in a casket.-General Sickles. "Northerner" writes:-Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain which promises and never comes, it is curious to note that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of thecontinent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has-been the case frequently in the past., A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one.part of the tropics/ Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten. inches or so of rain as week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. 'We can do with it.  JNTERE8TING RENT CLAIM. cyclone damaged cottage. An interesting ease affecting) the liability of a person who occupies a house which was damaged by the cy- clono was hoard before Mr. W. G. Asliton, Acting P.M., at the Small Debts Court yesterday, when E. H. Petersen sued Wm. Bradbury for £12 12s., alleged to bo due for the rent of a cottage In Byron Street. Edward Herman Petersen stated; I am a clerk 'and own a cottage in Byron Street. ' In September,, 1917, defendant came to me. and asked me If 1 had . a house to let. I told him I would h'av.e oho In about five or six weeks' time. He said that would do, and Inquired what the rent would he. I ropliod, 14/- por week. He said that would suit, and later on got the key from mo. On January 21 st of this year, a cyclone occurred, and after it abated, on tho following Saturday (January 26) I wont to have a look at the house. Defendant was not there. On the Sunday he came to my father's .house and, said, "You have all had hard luck." I replied.' "Yes," Ho said, "But -your house- did not shape too bad; there was not a loak. at ail right through the cyclone.' He asked me when I could have re pairs made, and- I told him as soon as possible. It was very difficult , to get carpentors and laborers at that' time. I did not see defendant again for about a month, when he again called qpon me, and asked when '1 was going to -get the-houso fixed up; t told him I had approached differ ent contractors but they could not undertake tfj' do the work as they had too much to do at present. I. eventually had the place repaired at a . cost of £22. Defendant , returned to the house on February 2nd. On that day tie called me into .-the house and said, "You are. a nice sort' chap not cleaning the house out;" I told him I thought -it /was . his duty' to -do that, as he was renting -the pidc'e.:- He - said he.'was ieaving tl" house the -noxt day 'ori account' of the smell about tho place. 'i' replied that all houses had a,' sm.oll about tiipm at' that time..- .He left the house oh February 3 and dldi not reburn una- April 13. : , -Between . February 2 and April. 13 he'Trequently / went to the libiise ahdi used the stove. His fur- 'nitur.o':.wasVs'tilf'-;in' the house." Be fore. I issued a summons .for the re covery 'of ; rent, wiiich. defendant had declined- to .pay, I offered to submit the matter to arbitration, but defend ant, declined and - advised me to taki'- further 'action ; Since the ..cyclone > I have- -had other people wanting to rout the house. . v _ Cross-examiried: ' I am. not ' ; the owner of the 'land on which ' the house was situated.;;: ,- It is ; owned by the Town Council ; ; it is a reserve. 1 undcretand the Council will not- -soli it but they .lease it; "My father pleases it from\ the Council at. £2 ' per .. an num for ten yea-rs, and L -leahe: ht. from him. Mr. Bradbury- . left the house - the day after' the cyclone. Tho house was partly damaged by the storm; It was partly off the -blocks. The blocks are 2ft. 9in. out of the ground and one portion of the hoilsa waB resting on the ground and the other on the stumps. The Are recess was blown away and the stove de- posted in the yaird. It was iput hack Into position -a couple of days laier. The bathroom was washed away from the main building and an, outhouse, deposited under the bedroom window. It was possible to sleep in the house. I consider that had I not-been able to have the place repaired for twelve months the tenant should have paid me rent seeing the place was 91= to live in! I consider I would be get ting fair treatment if a landlo-rd treat ed me in the same way as I am treat ing the defendant. Bradbury did not say to me, ''The house is not fit to live in; I cannot -bring my wife here,' and I will not live in it." I did not say. "It is not fit for a woman to live in," nor did. I tell bim that my wife would not live in her.'houso. , I left my own house and have not been back to it since. I am renting it. It was re paired before defendants , house, anil I did not live in it. up to the tim6 :t was repaired. . I told Bradbury I had a good offer fpr the house, but did not say I had been offered £345 for it. Fortion of defendant's , furniture was washed away. Bradbury told me the water rose 3ft. in the house. I know that Bradbury used the stove after the cyclone because I saw him doing so through the window. Bradbury ot tered me the rent for a fortnight prior to the cyclone and from April 13, but I declined to take the' money. Robert Bradbury stated: ,1 know plaintiff's 'house in Byron Street oc cupied by the defendant. . T saw , tho cottage shortly after the cyclone, 'aud was prepared to rent it. I considered' it fit to live in. . - Cross-examined: I have not been in tire-house since" the cyclone, but from what: I could see from Hhe footpath I was prepared to pay 14/- per week for the 'house even in tho condition v it . was in at the time. The- house would have satisfied my requirements as it then stood. . John O'SuUivan, carpenter, stated: I. know plaintiff's cottage Sn Byron Street. A month after the cyclone I asked Petersen if he had -the cottage formerly occupied by Bradbury to let. I was prepared to pay anything up to £1 per week for tho house. Cross-examined: I did not know what condition the house was in, but I knew it had a roof on. I could have afforded to pay £1 per week for a house for four or five weeks luntii I got a place to live in. ' This closed the case for the plain tiff. Wm. Alfred Bradbury stated: I am a returned soldier from France and hold a dean discharge. I made ar rangements to " rent Mr. Petersen's house in Byron Street' at 14/- weekly. I 'dcaK-'pfed tho ii'ouso .fi'om October 23, to'iittrt'V,': :-UV; /IT v': ' >'M 1917, to January 21, and paid rent up to January 9th. During the cyclone flood water came through the house to a depth of 4ft. Gin., ahd tho place was washed off the blocks by the tidal wavo. The back door was burst open, tile petitions of the house wore cur ried back at least seven inches, two doors were wrenched off, the Are place was carried away, and an out house was removed. The building was shifted from. 20 to 24ft., c-na side on the ground, tho other resting on tho blocks. The bathroom was cur ried over the fence to an adjneont al lotment to the side of Mr. Petersen's libuso. None of tho doors in the house would, close, and seven windows wore damaged: Tho stove was out in the yard in a damaged condition, the water pipes wc-ro disconnected, the steps to the house wcro unsafe, the floors were warped and in the bed room the floor was cracked by one of tho posts. I lost a good deal of my furniture. I left t'.ie house about mid day on January 21 and got shelter at the P6st Ofllei for fourteen days. The house w>aB not habitable. On. the Thursday after the cyclone I saw Petersen, who promised, in the pres ence of Mr. Smith,, to have my house repaired the first dry week. About. a fortnight later Petersen said he would' get the -house c-p as soon 'as lie could. I said I anv shifting my things,, what littl(\bit is left is hafdly worth shift ing, .and 'it is"'' no uW 'hustling round looking ifor ; i 'carter' as: the Council lias tliejn employcd; . Plaintiff agreed. After; leaving' the iPost Office. I took my wife baek_" to 'the : ;house. I . strapped' the'; bed > to ' t'ii'e ; floor , of the dining tpbui/yTlie inekt morning I told Peter sen1! could.; hot' llvo there and he said, "Why/ not Vgo "over., to my house; it Is level oh tbe' ground?" I said, "Are .hot you goingYodivq in it?' He ireplied that Ids; wife. would not; listen to going back; there: I said I would nqt rent a hous.dl'i'n. that-' condition .and was shift ing down to Mrs! Wragge's. place. .1 went', and-stayed there until AjIriL 13, and during ! that' interval shared , tlie rent wLth-thein: I, went.back to Peter- scn's tiouse on : April 13, and- the car- pcnto:swerc;wcirk!rig'therevfor. three days uitter t'hat. Tlio' place is not: pro perly . : repaired :y.et. , ... I : replaced , ;tho. stove .abou't four; days after I ,return- ed to.the house.:;; It ;was.- on the ver-. andah. I .did notyuse. the stoye -after the .cycldne 'until -we returned to -the. house, ,;cn. 'April ;13: .. (jn'.-the . following Wednesday /I'xtendered/ Peterson the. rents Tor' the time T was occupying the house. : He 8aid.:"What abqut the four teen weeks you were out of - It?" . 1 said, ""You don't" expect ine tb" pay for ; that. - do. you V Ho said", "You' don't . expect me ' to 'stand alj-ithe ' loss of hie cycion e said/; "I ; understood it; was 'distribuied fai'Tly well ; no one lias; offered to ;shnro,,niineV';: /.- He.'said : ho wou-ld make me pay the ' xent, and I said, . ''It- is'i a ' falr-djspute;; I will' test it.".- Eventually I got aj- summons for- the rent. PrioT to tliih- Petersen sug gested getting four: or -five disinter- estod -persons to", arbitrate, --hut : I. dor- clined to agre'e' ld'-tlns 'coar'se.: - Gross-examined: I gave, notice ter minating 'my tenancy on January/,23 or 24. It was a verbal notice. Dur ing the fourteen weeks I claim I haive not to pay rent I visited :the house two cr three -times a week to feed my.' cats. .The furniture in the house was mine. . I do not -suggest anybody else' had'a tenancy of the place besidesTny- self There: -whs no : new /tenancy cre ated between Petersen and myself on ly when £ ''returned' to the house. When I left tlie house I intended returning to it' when it .was repaired. . . iRe-examined: I allowed my furni-. ture to remain in the house because Peterson agreed to.it." Had I known I would have had to pay rent I w'ould have moved everything. " Thomas Brand stated: - I inspected Petersen's house in. Byron -Street on January .,28. It was not in a good .con dition for a tenant.. I went for the purpose of inspecting what was .left of lhe fu/rniture, which was purchased for. :B-r£idbu/y by the "War Council. There was practically nothing left in tlie'toouse; it was not habitable. ' . Robert Harris Smith, a lineman employed by- the Telegraph Depart ment, also gave evidence in respect to a conversation whioh took place be tween Bradbury and' the plaintiff. - This concluded the evidence. A verdict was given for plaintiff for amount paid into comir-t, £4 IBs., but costs amounting to £1- 18s. were or-, dered to be paid by plaintiff.  WRAGGE'S ntOPHECTS. | The weather prophets of this district, with whoso reputations the functionary controlling tho weather department of Kfttnro's administration has played skittles, may Sake some consolation from tho fact that the big gun meteor- ologist, Clement wraggr, has uaaiy 4.tissod, uot only tho bull's eye, bn'. also the whole target at which he did some long distance shooting In 1914 Csaya tho Dubbo "Dispatch"). Look ing through old files of the "Dispatch " we find that in October, 1914, he rash ly essayed to foretell the weather con ditions for a period of 10 years. 'During 1914," said Mr. "Wragge at the time stated, "the rainfall will bo under tho average. This by no means Implies that there will be no rain."On tho coptrarv, good Intervening rain will o«ur, and the last part of "this period will bo better than the first. From (the middlo of 1915 omrards the rainfall will markedly increase, and from' 1916 to 1920 inclusive the seasons will be distinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After 1920 tho roinfaH will begin &lt;to steadily fall off, and the worst part of tho next great 'under- average1 period will be lr23 and 1924» Australians will bo justified in calling that- a drought. In 1925 matters trill begin to improve, and good seasons win nrevail from 1925 to 1900." These forecasts, explained Mr. Wraggc, aro mainly based on tho physical condition of the sun with yespeot to lis iribxiina and, minima moods, moving in cycles of 11 years. Just now wo ore ncaring tho cud of tho solar minimum— or tho period wkgi the fearful cyclonic winds around tbe son, of which wo on earth hove no conception, wore leas violent. ' It wonld seem' that Mr. Wraggc's prophecies, liko dreams, must be in terpreted bv eontrarios. In other words, if Wragge e&ys it is goin? ito rain, yon may bet your bottom dollar it will be fine. As Mr. Wrasge predicted that 1918 wonld be a fat year, and failed miserably, there is reason So beliovo that, instead of a bad period being en tered on with the advent of 1920, 'the earth irill -give forth its fruits in nbun- danco, and Jupiter Plurius will be in benignant v mood. We are also iutiined to believe that if Mr. Wraggc would confine bis investigations to things mundane— as She Dsbbo weather pro jects do— instead of , straining his eves i coking for spots on the sun, he would bo a hotter weather tipster.  KADINA, WEDNESDAY, JULY 5. RAINFALL AND WATER CONSERVATION. The recent heavy and- welcome rains hare pat new heart into the country. The wet June that has been experienced, is almost a record for this part of the State, and'is in pleas ing contrast to the disastrous drought that devastated South Australia during 1913-14. In every , instance the average of the Yorke's Peninsula stations, has been exceeded, in a num ber. of cases by as much as an hundred per cent. The heeljand middle of our srearfaas been' especially favored, and seven inches were reached at Mait land, Yorketown and Minlaton. The average for the Peninsula runs into something like four inches, and the Mount I»ofty Banges gauged an even bigger fall than this. Altogether the rain was general, and at Kapunda the previous record for the month was broken, with a good number of points to Bpare. The rural population natur ally reaps the first benefit, but the ad vantage is with the whole State. Though we are still a war-stricken people, we have every cause for re joicing at the immunity from the hor rors that a campaign in this country would entail for us. We are grate ful, of that there can be no doubt, but the drought of 1913-14 should have taught us a lesson to the effect strenuous efforts should be made to place the country in such a position that the seemingly inevitable droughts will not injure us to the extent they can do when they find us unprepared. There are two names that stand out with prominence when the forecasting of the season is discussed f they are ' those of Messrs Clement Wragge and A. Hunt. Mr Wragge has made a name for himself in connection with the identification of good or bad years with the now famous sun-spots. Cycles of forecasts have been issued by the well-known New Zealander, and in the majority of cases they have proved correct. Whether there is anything in the sun-spot theory is not ' the purpose of this article to discuss ; suffice it that Mr Wragge has more, often been right than wrong. We must content ourselves with saying that there »'something in it, and that both he and Mr Hunt are agreed that the season following a drought is marked in Australia by abundant rains.1 From statistics available, this certainly seems to be true. In this conijpctioD Mr Hunt quotes the fol lowing figures :—Victoria—Drought year, 1888, 19.7 inches ; 1889, 32 71; Draught year, 1902, 18.55 inches ; 1903, 27.45. New South Wales— 1888, 13.4 ; 1889, 29.25 inches ; 1902, 14.00-; 1903, 24.00 inóhes. Unlike Mr Wragge, Mr Hunt does not see any data to support the cycle theory. In answer to a question by a reporter Mr Hunt paid :—We have tested every cycle that has any scientific basis, and have even formed cycles of our own. . None' have been of any use to us. To my mind, a weighty argument against the application «of a cycle theory is the fact that a contin ental area like Australia controls its climate in a - large measure by the varying contours of the surface of the land. With the progress of man's activities in the interior the climate, to some degree, will be modified until a normal stage will "tie reached at last. In South Australia the 1913-14 season has been the driest on record. Actually, there are three distinct ! sources of rain in Australia. Firstly - —Southern storms, which benefit &lt; South Australia and the southern part i of Western Australia. Ifthe$e storms i predominate, Queensland ánd New. i South Wales suffeF from want ofjain. Secondly—Tropical depressions. If ¡ these predominate, as in the case'of i the drought year, Queensland and the ■ north-eastern paúl; of New South 1 Wales benefit at the expense of the i southern areas. Thirdly—Ahti-cyclon- j ic conditions, which benefit solely the &lt; eastern littoral of Australia There is i always a ^tendency for, seasonal pre dominance of one of these sources of supply. In 1918-14 the southern storms failed almost entirely, whereas the tropical and anti-cyclonic disturb ances showed considerable vigor. The result was that South Australia, and in fact all the southern portions of the continent, suffered disastrously. Flocks were depleted, and the harvest was practically ml, all owing to the absence, of - the rain. There is no doubt that the safety of the State lies in the wise conservation of water in seasons wjien conditions favor this being done. We have pointed out with a frequency that certainly should have had some little effect, that the one great problem before this country is the adequate conservation of water. It is evident that, as the knowledge of. the resources of the State increases, the effects of a drought will be less and less felt Not in cycle theories, but in conservation and irrigation lies our hope. Drought years are really freak years, and it is to our manifest advantage to make all possible pro vision for the season that is so much below normal that the consequences re-act for two or three years. In this, as in other important matters, the Government should at once initi ate a policy of conservation that should meet the wants of the rural population in part, if not wholly, aiid mitigate to-some extent the ravages that are caused by the unseasonable absence of the moisture upon which our existence in this fair country absolutely depends. Much has been done in this direction, .but not nearly enough. When every district has its reservoir, and not till then, will the evil be kept at arm's length.  STATEMENT BY MU. WRAGGE. In connection with the loss of tho Koombanu, Mr. Clepiont Wraggo hns ?written to a Perth ' newspaper to tho I effect that if a Central Wcnthor Bureau in Brisbane had been in existence, throe days'warning ut least would hnvo hoon given of tho recent cyclone which caus- ed the disaster.  WEATHER CYCLES AND COMETS A resident of Bathurst writes as fol-&lt;*> lows:- Early in March Mr T. W. Keele gave an Interesting account of his tions oh weather cycles, and quoted from the Bible In support of his theory that "the 171-year cycle Jβ the ..true periodic ity." Hβ studied the Darling River and Lake George flood records, and from the latter says:-"It clearly shows a. period of 57 years." From "the annual inunela llone of the Nile as far bock an 1736 ana up to 1905. . ... it became evident that lt&lt;i period must be either 114 years or 171 years," _Then he quotes the lato Mi' Symous on British rainfall showing 07 yearn, and historical events from Wal lord's and other catalogues as allowing 17i yiMU-u as the "regular intervals." Concerning the 171 years cycle, I wrote some time-ago that life wan too short to worry over a. 171-years' cycle, and I ob servo that Mr-T. E. 'Willis is of tlie samo opinion. It is Interesting to ccc that Mr Keele admits that "there were evi dences that some mysterious Influence af fected the weather every 19 years." "When 1 uret read' of Mr Keele's 171 years' cycle, some months ago, I wondered whether he over thought of a peculiarity in. his ttndings. viz., that all his argu. ineirts support: the 19 years' cycle, so ably worked out for some time by the late Mr Russell, inasmuch as he names a 67 -ye&re' cycle, which U really three periods of 10 years, and his 171 years' cycle Is also three periods, but of 67 years, and nine of the IS years cycle. I always believe In looking at the bright aide of things; hence shortly after reading Mr Clement Wragge's alarming statement, published on September 11, 1908, that "the rainfall in Australia will now fall on", but the coming drought will probably be not so severe as the last," in January of 1909, when I had completed some investigations after several months of very dry weather, I wrote that good rains were not far off. Only a few days later excellent rains fell, January finish ing with 370 points at Bnthurst, and the year turning out one of the best for nine years, not only here, but all over the State. It ie now just 12 months since I wrote regretting that the Commonwealth Meteorology Department did not publish the valuable information that the lato Mr Russell used to give, and, as the people were complaining bitterly about the dry spell then prevailing, especially about Sydney and the South Coast, both being about one-third short, the Hunter and Manning one-quarter short, the cen tral west slopes the same short, the north coast one-tenth, and south table land onertwelfth short, I said that sonic of them might reasonably expect earlier relief. Every one of these had magnifi cent rains, and finished up the year 190'J with great increases. And since then greater rains have fallen, even to severo floods, in several parts, and waterspouts have been seen on the ocean. The important' question to now con sider is:—What Is probable after . tho fearful downpours in Europe, on the ocean, and some parts of Australia? The long dry spoils since March 12 last, when 114 points fell, and only 41 points on April 18, and U on April 24, together with severe frosts, and good threaten ings, but all going away, and signs, one is reluctantly compelled to.feel that some "mysteroius influence": is at work interfering with the 13 years' cycle, and that possibly Mr Clement "Wraege's drought haa commenced. " ' . ,i . ; The passing of the stars Venua, ana Jupiter brought nice .rains. The; Aurora Australia brought lovely rains. : The solar eclipse apparently did ' nothing. "It is Halley's comet that we' now-look to as the cause of the trouble. The "last: great comet that we remember was:: that of 18S1. The year 1880 was a drought, and this continued until 1880;. and thousands of live stock died in this State. ;an&lt;l Queensland. Creeks dried up, .about Bathurst and Orange that were .; never known dry.,. before. It has ; been sala that it Is 74 years' since Halley's comet appeared until now. That_takes us. back to 1830 (it appeared in 1835). /Asia boy "l well remember my lattf. grandfather often speak of the fearful-drought of 1838. It wa-s long and bad; and, as we usually speak of: them from the close, it is.most likely to have started about 1533. ; .As severe droughts followed the ap pearance, of the ? comets in 1835 and 1881, we fear It may be a. dry time during- the next two or three years, notwithstanding the fact that the great southern" anti cyclonic belt is in the rainy season. We have had"the assurance, of Mr Wragee that the' drought will not be so severe as. the. last; hence we can.rest assured that the country will survive it. "  STOCK STATION DE TJJYGYJ CHAMPION OPFICB, Friday. Wb Bre right in the boom for storm systems, lot March is a most unsettled month, and we can well quote the English couplet, " March showers bring forth April (autumn) flowers. As mentioned in last issue at 3.45 on Friday afternoon we had a deluge for a few minutes, and the glass measured 42 points, and three further points were gauged subsequently. At 4.30 the sun was shining brilliantly over a sea of water, in which were stuck abandoned motor cars. The new drainage system south and south-east of the town was well tested, and came out of it well. Thestorm was merely local; three miles south of the town not a drop fell, but a couple of miles away in the same direction a drover was wet through in five seconds for the rain fell in a solid flbeet. West of ue tlieri! were dry and alternate patches of .w«t and dry; some rain fell at Barcaldine Downs station, but the men lost little more than the Saturdaymorning to noon, when labor ceased. On the previous night there was a big Storm near Ilfracombe, and Christmas Creek got big. The occupants of a car making for town;had to spend the night where they were ; supperless, and not even a nip aboard. At time of writing the weather is beautifully cool ?with a fresh breeze, tainted only by a slight seaside perfume caused by the numerous little frags which gave up the ghost as the flood waters went down. Mo sickness has resulted save a little colic. Summer Hill (J. Ballinger) cut out after tak ing ten weeks to do what should have been accomplished in three. Same of the men went to complete the Evesham shearing with Bara tria to follow. East of us Cavendish bad a long and tedious shearing. Messrs. Urquhart Bros, have finished at Alice, and are tackling Edwinstowe. It rained all day Wednesday, 21stult..at Aramac, and thus caused a sus pension in the treatment of Barcoorah sheep for a couple of days. StockB are coming to hand very freely, and trains, with many specials, almost run up to time. ,Our storekeepers will not be caught napping again. Our white baker, remember ing Clement Wragge's prophecy of some years ago, that great rains could be expected in the earlier months of 1918, wired to Brisbane last week tor information as to the possibilities of further floods, and the . reply be received on Friday afternoon was anything but reassuring. Be had information sent bim possibly founded on the special forecasts of another cyclonic storm approaching our coast south of Bowen ; anyway no Btrange phenomenon has, so far, reached us out here. . Belated goods, some on order as far back as eight weeks coming for ward, and it would indeed lie a pity were the tine to be burst up again. Messrs. Pegler, Macdonald & Co. (Blackall) and Messrs. McPhie & Co. (Toowoouiba), auctioneers in conjunction, have a cattle sale on the books which should attract no little v attention from buyers. Some 500 head will be auctioned in the Show Grounds yards at Blackall on Monday, March 11th, -and these comprise 300 breeders from two to five years, one' brand-ShortboruB, and Sbortborn-Hcre ford cross, in calf to pedigreed bulls. In addition calves and heifers will be offered. The whole booking is described as a first-class lot. Full particulars may be obtained from either of tbe auctioneering firms mentioned. An advertisement may be seen in tbis issue. The Gulgong (New South Wales), " Adver* User" claims it possesses the champion shearer in the person of Mr. Joshua J. Davis, jar., who met the champion of last j>ear and beat him by over 40 sheep. Mr. D&VSB is only a young man, being about 22 years of age, and is of slight build, but he shore no fewer than 240 sheep at Winbar Station, Compadore shed in one day. It was at tbis shed he met tbe Queensland champion, who put through 280 sheep in 1816, but failed to cut more than 200 Winbar-ifred sheep against the Gulgong boy. Water Supply.-The orchardist, grazier and farmer are fast realising the necessity of in stalling pumping equipment to provide ade quate water supplies for irrigation and stock. That this policy is sound is proved by tbe number who bave already made provision againBt dry spells, so as to furnish water to their holdings when they are in most need of it. Do not be lulled into a false security by Nature's present bountiful gifts of copious downfalls; other dry seasons will come, and now is your opportunity to fortify against future possible disasters in the shape oflosses of stock and failure of crops by installing a re- &lt; liable pumpingplant, which will be your future , insurance against loss. We write thiB para graph and publish our advertisement in this paper, because we want you to know tbis, and to profit by our special training and knowledge in tbis Department. We trade as the Inter colonial Boring Co. Ltd.; our address is 418-424 Ann-street, Brisbane. We are pioneers in the Water Supply Department, and are a long way in tbe lead of our competitors as the best dealing with all manner of water problems. Our 25 years' experience enables us to give you ! the best advice, which is always at your dis posal, and to offer you the best equipment I possible for a plentiful and dependable water supply, at a reasonable cost. The following are tbe latest stock move ments 900 sheep from Dunraven to bo trucked to Roebhampton, account of PreBton Bros.; 3835 ewes, Mildura to Garfield, A. Heap owner, J. Fletcher in charge; 4600 sheep, Valley Downs to McLaughlin's scour-for shear ing and return; 1000 cows and calves, H. Logan owner, to Beaufort from Roxborough Downs, Leslie Eillcoat in charge. The following wool scoured at McLaughlin's, was railed away during the weekJaccon dol 56 bales, Dalgi 48, Tbornhill 36, Mafeking 32, Newhaven 28, Qlebbuc 27, Bustbinia 19, Elton 18, J, McK Rhtn., 13, Brookwood 8, Lakeviaw 5; total, 290 bales. TfaeC.P.8.1 Mr. O. B. Buxton, mentions that there are some defaulting stock owners who have not yet lodged stock returns. Owners of any number must submit a return, and those I MOt doing so are liable to a heavy penalty. ; concern in the Commonwealth for  HALLSVILLE, (From our Correspondent.), Taking a retrospective view of tlio last 12 months, with us, as in the case of all olil-establlshcd agricultural districts, the seasons, the crops and dairy are the chief topics wprthy of special nolo. ,Tho eeaaous have been wretched—heavy , hailstorms and windstorms and cold chan ges alternately. A terrific windstorm this month unroof* ed a big bayshed at Mr. Harry Dennlng's, and also uuroofed sheds and destroyed wind* mills at Messrs. J. J. PJpor's, Pullman's Muggleton's, and othorB, right up Moor Creek, creating wholesale devastation right through to Moonbl. The wheat yields hore have run from one bag up to ten per acre, according to the conditions under which it was put in; and it will not exceed eight bushels. This partial failure is attri buted to the absence of October rains, which were also responsible for a slightly Inferior grain in places. It Is plump and hard, but In comparison with normal seasons Is on tho light side; and it is hard to put threo bushels in a bag. A variety of wheat that has Stood the idiosyncrasies of the season Is Yandilla King. Although no largo areas of it were planted here, it stools out well, has a long firm stem and large heads, and weighs" well. Largo areas wero fallowed this year; and light sandy or loamy ground beat heavy ground out of sight in ovory In* stance. Dairying Is stoadily.on tho increase, and is tho main standby of tho mixed farmer—' and Judicious worklug is a never-falling source of income. The lack of autumnal rains and a conse quent failure of winter feed (except for those who had lucerno) wero responsible for a shpr.tag© of oream, which was nearly tho meaju.of stopping tho running of our local cream van; but the ownor (Mr. A. Doolan) gamely kept It going, and of courso was compensated as soon as the monsoonal raJn came In November, by loads of cream which gladdened tho heart of tho dairyman, especi ally whllo butter kept nt 120/ per cwt. In this way the man whose wheat failed had his cream chequo to fall back on; but tho man who depended solely on his wheat suf fered—moro particularly thoflo*who lost last year's crop through the disastrous October frost of 1910. Hailstorms bavo done considerable dam age to crops. Mr. George Wiseman had 100 apres of n 10-bag crop tureshed right out by the hail, while on the other hand ho had a magnificent lambing—100 per cont. Moral: Nevor put nil your eggs In ono bnskot! Wragge's miniature drought scared all man ner of men on the land, and when the boun tiful tropica] rains set in. giving immunity from that dreaded scourge, cyclones, and blenched wheat wcro a more circumslaucc compared with the'vast amount of good the general rains did to the parched earth. At any rate a noticeable air of general pros perity and contentment seems to prevail throughout tho district. "Whether it derived its source from wheat, wool, or cream. Is hard to say, but probably it was from all of three. Everything points to a prosperous begin ning for 1912. May it continue ho, and eclipse all previous years for the man on tho land is tho wish of your correspondent, who takes this opportunity pf wishing your readers and the staff of the "Daily Ob server" tho compliments of the season. December 29, 1911.  . THE WEST AUSTRALIAN CYCLONE. Mr. C. L. Wraggs writes:- I should never dream of entering into any controversy with Mr. Hunt, or any of his officers, and all their criticism of me matters nothing. They were office assistants when I was head of the Queensland Weather Bureau. Suffice it to say that accurate weather forecasting depends upon correct diagnosis of isobarlc contouring, and on knowing how to do things. Therein lies power, I shall say no more.  Plodding Through Sunshine and Bain. Foit Tiib 'GnnoNicLB' [By 'X Pki-bstria.n PaESSMA-N.j Ch-^K9 Ih climate, kvhlclt are sudden une^lfcod -jiqd fltooiing around WraggeVs ^«nd his- sucoessors') fore -QMtstivm a to ss, upset ttie plans of «n ink^spatteier iu?t as iriucli as a chaiij^ in weather on washing day alters* the carefully arranged pro gramme for the 18 hours' of a summer day'R'«venta in a menaye that dors not includes a nuinbei of paid servitors. When, after a fairly cool time, the glass gives -ft jump which is almost incredible, and we hear of 1 20 degrees being registered up in the Western plains, it is hard to think that some thing under 100 degrees can affect our equilibrium in the Hastings Macieuy district Crossing the foi incr t iver at Black inanS Point, and quietly strolling along its northern bank in the eaily niorning, it uits only natuial to take a lengthy look through the brilliant sun shi}iej#-ihc pictui-esquo landscape of hoii^Fleafy shade and fruit trees, as w'ellpls bissclling maize aud sorghum, which stand out in such relief against the glittering surface of the stream, then sweeping down in a lazy sort of motion that is not always found when crossing the punt with a high tide coming up and a strong breeze blow ing from the nor'-cast ;. hut nitwit these glances were pleasant in them selves, they were -j-iickly stopped by the attitude of the mosquitoes, bent upon warfare against the human ar ticle, And taking no denial in an im petuous demand for blood from the victim. An onward move was made through tho scrub, and by dint of perse\'tsring pcdcstriani$m, varied by a utt for a couple of miles, it was pos sible to notice improvements that had been effected by the Shire Council since last travelling that way in Sep tember. About the 100th — oi was it the 10th Y— wile out a break in the scrub appeared and a house, ..with cleared ground around it, was noticed on the right. (The mosquitoes were yet with us, hut not so persistent, although the pest increased in inverse ratio). Then two inoro houses were discerned fur ther on, and the proximity of friends and acquaintances at Telwjrai'H Point was made manifest. Just down the the hill, where there occurs a junction of highways from Heechwood and Wauchope, also Hollands Plains, with the main artery for eoasfci.1 traffic be tween (Jippsland and thu north of Queensland, we noticed a congerio of buildings which may mainly be de scrilicd as embracing Mr, Keogh's gen eral store, with house adjoining, and die large, bark-covered smithy of Mr. George Newbry. In another shed was an up-to-date huggy just turned out by the proprietor, and below thu pleasantly-situated house, with its trees, plants and flowers around, were two new sheds for carrying on black smithing, coachbuilding and Wheel wright's . work within with greater convenience than the old buildings were capable of permitting. Mr. Newbry feels proud of bus work and business, as it proves that Telegraph Point is an important centic in the electorate nnrlon this witiit rood, with its long mail service by coach from Kexlium to Kempsoy and the Clar ence, a route which nerves such a com paratively enormous population, cand surely must be well looked after, so that its,. surface may faithfully carry the vehicles that are provided by the Federal Government to serve those whose stamps and general quota to tbe Commonwealth's postal revenue help along the cogwheels of- the .machine. This road carriage is becoming so enormous that even before tho rail way is constructed — lias time to be, at the present rate of going along^ there must be a.chango in ' this mail service, ami promptly also. Let us return to the Kpot in refer ence. At Mr. Keogh's hotel, the ' Ikjss ' is generally known as ' Tim,' and much looks after his cattle aud horses; and his fine meadow land about the banks of the Wilson, although he gives the light of his presence to the front promises when ho can; Some times something attracts his notice up there, and on the occasion referred to one felt certain that after tho compli ments paid the previous day upon the Port Macquarie bench and by Senior Constable, miiie worthy host of tlio place spoken of ' as one of the best on the northern road ' felt himself proud nnd would be near at hand. The bulbous therinetoinerical bulb often makes those who study it feel that it munt be a liar — and on Tuesday morning it only 'registered 82 degrcco — and something more. After a yarn with i»y friends, and having noticed the especially pretty outlino of the greenly-clad hills — and again watch ing the skics, and tljermomcter — a move was made .down past tho fine School of Arts, Anglican Church, the State school (with it trim Ixjrders and trees in front), to the post office. This establishment appeared to bo a cut above what one might look for in a quiet spot such iut Telegraph Point, although on a liusy mad. , The Bridge is ti fine ono, with open ing spans, that permits tlioghcrs and trading steaiiioitt to puss under, and yet allows a local roaduny to be kept for passenger traffic going across. The keoper'N house, just nlwve on the Jeft, is very tidy and comfortable-looking. In fact just rounding this^ cutting — that same one lasts a\ good way — a great impi ossion of tlm ?Wilson's Sckimo Vsavtiss, as ^w 11 as of the gardens and toiit gi owing capabilities of that very &E- trnofcivB spot, itt(iy»bo grasped by even a hurrying traveller when a cyclonic dintuibance in -upon tho verge of bursting -» or the peaceful scene. The inlet of tho river, its backwater to speak correctly, tuns up into the land on tho southern side, and evid ently gave the foundation for tho name of the place. Mountainous country, which is climbed around by vi ell graded sidlings, affords charming poops of the river from a high 'vant age point Often imagined that tho latter had disappeared in sinuous corves which must bring it clow to theMnria (these rivet's wore named after a sergeant of tho .Sappers and Miners and his wife in thceaily days of Poit Macquario). But then again a view is again obtained far below thu track, which in in glittering contrast fcn a threatening, very lowering sky and- dark-green, surroundings. But get towards Cooperabiing. The sky Ap peared 'determined upon decided ac tion, so noticing fresh tracks upon a cross road leading towards the river one took it — a wise action, as it turned out, for just as the preludo to a deluge began shelter was obtained . Thb Coontev'8 Physical Features. Thore is a mixture of hill and dale in the trip between Telegraph Point and Kempsoy. It is very marked after traversing high ranges, orssomc times small ones, dropping ill most un expectedly upon creeks with brushy {surroundings and beautiful- deep black or dark brown soil, which fact proves the high value of an acre of soil on the North Coast This locality, which once all com-' prised an out station that was similar to what Gloucester had in its wealth circumscribed patches of extra first class land,' absorbed within country which is on a whole much lower down in the scale of the Lands Department al roster. , Smith's Greek, with its sinuous windings, affords good pieces of cul tivation, together with (sufficient level ?space for homes to bo built upon ; also fruit gardens and trees will grow there. Corn can l-e obtained up to 60 bushuls (I don't believe in over estimating capabilities of soil), and, in addition, grazing for stock will easily be found by aid of a Jittlo work with adzo and axe on the slopes. Smith's and Scrubby Creeks provide instances of cases for homes and ag griculture in brush and forest country. When mosquitoes ure virulently attacking neck- and face, precluding all hopes of shaving with safety within the next two or three days, and. when the other hand,' which does -not ? keep their battalions diminished in number, ia wiping off streams of perspiration, its hard upon the temper of an ordin ary journalist to wateh every little matter of interest that crops up on his -self-taken journey. The cup is. filled to o'crflowing wlien » - heavy storm of tho species of completely penetrating rain that especially favors the coast (when it docs come) descend ed in torrents for ncArly four ' ot the last miles. The cleared land on either side, more particularly on the right, with its patches of fodder, gave, an idea of what wealth in dairying lies on the Macleay'u outer fringe and away from the -river's . banks. The chief surprise lay in approaching and traversing the wide belt of suburban surroundings which lie 'before the river is come upon. ' ,  OF RURAL INTEREST. (Special for this Paper). | (By 'Biislic') 1 Last week I quoted the -report issued by the Central Weather Bureau and it was a doleful story of drought. It out lined a prospect that was far from pleasing.- but between the time ot writing my contribution and its appear ance 111 print a change came over the spirit of tilings . As the Minister for Agriculture happily put it, 'gold was found in all parts of Victoria.' That is exactly what that downnour meant. lt put gold into the pocket of the man on. the land as surely as if each of him had discovered it on his farm. Thus the Central Weather 'Bureau has a dif ferent tale to tell this week and has the added satisfaction in telling it that it upheld the theory which Mr. Archi bald, the eminent London Meteorolo gist, advanced that the time for the lean years is not yet — not for another five years. It may be shrewdly suspect ed that_ that communication from Mr Archibald was specially obtained ' to 'confound the politics' of the pessi mistic Mr. Wragge. The forceregulat ing meteorological, conditions has set the seal upon the judgment of the new Daniel and Mr \Yragge is discomfited as wa® Shylock. Therefore the Com monwealth Meteorologist can gleefully report that the break-up of the long .drought is the great- outstanding fea JSjirejoJ iai5t'^^j5^;w^^fe^0yer.-.iihe': ^ the -5Sast^saPSi»te& the change from intense ' drought condi tions to those attending abundant rains was most decisive,' especially so in the case of Queensland and North of New South Wales, and the seasonal prospects throughout Eastern Australia are now completely altered for the better. The great rain stonm responsible for this began to develop in Western Queens land on the 6th instant ; by the 8th it was producing general rains from the Gulf of Carpentaria to the New South Wales border, and on She 9th heavy rains were setting in over the whole of Queensland, New South Wales, Victor ia, and a large part of South Austra lia. _ JChese rains were, of course, of tropical origin, and were accompanied by the formation of a tongue of low barometric pressure extending South ward from the Gulf of Carpentaria to Western Victoria, jthe whole develop ment bearing a remarkable resemblance to that of the great moasoonal storm which flooded the Maliee in February, 1911 . On the lGtii high pressure over Central Australia cut ihe low pressure through in two and the weather rapid ly cleared. During the remainder of the week mild weather with northerly winds marked the slow approach of a cyclonic depression from over the Bight, and by Friday morning further good rains, mostly -the result of thun derstorms on Thursday evening, were reported generally, with promise of more . Mild weather to follow the rain, which was much desired, has been ex perienced, as the temperatures show. The highest reading for the week was 70 at Yarrawonga, and the lowest at ordinary elevations, 35 at Nhill. The week's rainfall is given as follows: — iMallee : From 65 at Rainbow to 163 at Kaneira; Wimmera: from 36 ait Minyip to 125 at Stawell ; Northern Country : from 65 at Numurkah' to 217 ait Avoca ; North-East: from 65 at Omeo to 183 at AVhatfield ; Central North: from 61 at Castlem^ine to 210 at Daylesford; Western: from 13 at Terang to 107 at Bailairait ; Central : from 42 at Mel bourne to -124 at Ballan ; Gippsland : from 21 at Port Albert to 95 at Gabo. It may be taken -that the primary ob ject of an experimental farm m 'such a locality would be to demonstrate irri gation methods. Yet the Committee finds that the grading and channelling of the area at present under lucerne cannot be -J.aimed to have reached the standard of an up-to-date irrigation farm. Much of -the lucerne area is ex tremely patohy, and bears evidence of . want of attention. Cereal crop® have been grown on the dry farming area, but it does not appear that any special cultural methods other than those gen erally practised in the. district have been adopted. ^ Experiments have been carried out in ' dry farming and irri gation, but they have lacked system and continuity, ana have served no useful purpose, as no proper records have been kept. The 'financial results have been most unsatisfactory, and as the method of bookkeeping has not been system&t- ised it is impossible to apportion the amount of loss to each branch of farm activities. As a demonstration of how to get to the insolvency court quick the details of the finances of the fanm are interesting They are : — Year. Expenditure. Bevenue. 1905-1906 . . £1,887 17 6 £20 1 3 . , £,9U. L 1Q i -fc0O ±*± O 1907-1908 . . 3,225 0 3 310 17 0 1908-1909 .. 3,477 3 4 580 7 10 1909-1910 . . 2,526 18 10 805 16 5 1910-1911 . . 3,312 17 10 838 10 0 *1910-1911 . . 586 5 9 152 17 .3 *To 30th October, 1911 . The proportional expenditure was as follows: — Labor, 30 per cent.; imple ments, 13.5 per cent. ; permanent im provements, 12.4 per cent. ; rent, 9.9 per cent. ; maintenance, 8.6 per cent. ; live stock, 8.9 per cent. ; provisions, 6.6 per cent. ; furniture, 2.4 per cent. ; forage, 1.4 per cent.; seed, 1.3 per cent. ; manure, 0.38 per cent. There is no doubt that there were, and are, possibilities for much useful ness in-an experimental farm of the kind. It is a self -evident fact that the Committee points out when it says the 'average settler would find it im possible .to devote sufficient time, or in cur the expense necessary, to conduct experiments necessary to the proper ap-_ plication of new methods, and that the prima ry ^purpose of the_ .Wyuna farm «x-.; perimentai work -to discover data on which the future practice in newly irri gated settlements may be' based. The Committee, is not sanguine that -much could be made of the farm even if pro perly managed, but recommends that if iit is-retained the following investi gations should be. carried out : — Irriga- tion. — Acquiring of exact data regard ing Jhe quantity of waiter required by various irrigated crops under diverse systems of cultivation and soinreat ment; manorial investigations conduct ed. under irrigation conditions. The de termination of the value of liming-under various conditions, suitable crop rota tion for irrigated lands, experiments to show the value or otherwise of cultivat ing ^gro wing crops of lucerne, and test ing all varieties of lucerne; the growing of lucerne seed -for distribution ; experi ments to detenmine-the value of differ ent fodder_ crops and grasses ; experi ments with* cows and pigs, using cereals, forages, lucerne, ensilage, natural pas tures and artificial foods, singly and in various combinations.^ Dry Farming. — The raising and systematic testing of ssileoted cereals, true to name and pure, for distribution among growers , - cultur al and tillage experiments ; crop rota don and manorial .tests and investiga tions ^relating -to the best methods of arresting the depletion of the organic .contents, of, the stiff. Gouiburn Valley ' soil. Thereis avery Trade scope for real 3y.^ Valuable,: experimental, work in all tbiSj bnt to get it done upon lines that would jip^^e-.anything but derision, in Ihe ^pectple it ; would- be . intended to .isocoi mi&re would need to be an en the methods which inState 8W- IBfldt ' The report of the special committee deputed to inquire into the affairs of the Wyuna Staite Farm discloses a con dition of . things even worse than was suspected. Tnere have been plenty of instances of the failure of the State to successfully run enterprises of this kind. None have made quite such a bad showing as- this, but, perhaps, that is because none has hitherto had such a penetrating search-light directed at its affairs as the enquiry just complet ed. The Wyuna farm comprises 540 acre6 . It was acquired from the Closer Settlement Board in 1906, to demon strate irrigation and dry farming pos sibilities, and was expected to be a fin ancial success. There mas a succession of managers and also an advisory Board. The Committee states bluntly thaifc the farm has been an utter failure from an educational and experimental point of view, and a deplorable failure financially. The total expenditure stands at £17,967^16/3, and the total re venue at £3, 207y4/5. The labor bill amounted to £1,300 per annum, exceed ing by more than double the reveuue of the iiarm . It is mentioned that the ex penditure on manures and fertilisers only amounted to £70/17/4 in 5% years, or about 6d. per acre per annum, but whether this is to be taken as a com mendable feature of /the management or otherwise, is not made cleair. One in stance of the management which needs no comment is a .transaction in which 200 sheep were pux«iiased jEor £103/6/8, and several months after were sold for £103/6/11. / . : , _ ? ' It is satisfactory to ' note that-' the .i. coming' of - tbe rain has caused the Minister to reconsider the proposal to stop the importation of farm workers. There is so much' to be done in the development ot the untouched produc tive areas of this State, which remains undone chiefly because of the insuffi ciency of hands to do it, that to Stay the trickle of immigration of the class of men needed for that work must be regarded as calamitous. It has been a hard matter to get that trickle started, and to stop it would be very ill-advised. Th» free and easy fashion in which importers can bring diseased potatoes into this State calls for a reform, and the action of the Colac Agricultural Society in deciding to bring the matter under the notice of the Minister of Agriculture in the shape of a strong protest will have the support of potato growers in all parts of Victoria. It was pointed out at the meeting of the Colac Society that other States had adopted stringent regulations to pre vent the importation of diseased tubers, and in West Australia these regulations are strictly enforced, al though potatoes in that State are at famine prices. Potato-growing is an important part of Victoria's rural pro duction, and deserves all the protec tion that, can be obtained for it..  A MERRY TIME PREDICTED. Mr. Clement Wragge had (says the Adelaide "Regi-ster") a spare evening at Petersburg on April l, and he sat down and wrote a "special advice and forecast." At the time he was in the quiet of his bedroom, "surround - cd by a cyclone of papers, instru - mente, and literature, scattered all over the floor." He determined to utilise the leisure by having a general look round upon the impending wea - ther conditions of Australasia. "Im primis, the great Antarctic dist ur - bance named Ulysses, is about 500 miles south-west from Albany. That he looks vicious is to put it mildly, j He will influence the area of the great Bight, and sweep thereafter in majesty towards the Eastern States. His eas - 1 tern umbra is however running a day late, having been blocked by the western isobars of the high pressures, j which acted much as tfe cushion of a i billiard table repels the ball. Ulysses will mainly operate between the paral- j leis of 37 and 50 deg., but his eastern j and northern edges will "cause warmer weather in South Australia under winds from between north-east, north north-west and west, with occasional nasty local blows and foxy dust-spin- ] nies, by which hats will go flying to' leeward and ooDortunities occur for snapshots in the streets. These condi tions .will also affect Victoria, Tas - mania, and southern New South Wa - les in turn, as the disturbance passes eastwards, and thereafter the ' winds will shift to south-west and south, followed in course generally by more bleak weather and rain as the baro - meters 'WSgin to rise again. Sydney, and the region thence to Gabo, Ho bart and. Melbourne will get another good doing before 12 days from date have elapsed, and thus ample warning is given to passengers and shipping. Ulysses will reach New Zealand lie - fore April 15, and he is expected to renew the floods on the South Island »nd elsewhere. Thus tTieliominion is warned. The western half of Aga - memnon caused the Vecent deluge south from Dunedin and thc bail wea ther in Cook's Straits, and even yet this last-named disturbance has not ceased to influence Maoriland. Survey ing now thc far north-west, the mon soon named 'Anan' (having already caused heavy rain and a lot of both er north from Geraldton) is still much in evidence. f-ocal 'willy-willies' atv I yet likely under his sway, and ship - ping in those parts cannot lie too careful. Later on, Anan will push his way inland, and cause a renewal of muggy swelter, especially in the northern parts of South Australia, with probable electric storms. Queens land will enjoy charmin-' weather, and we see nothing at present to threaten that State. One last glance at Ulysses, because we are immcdiatcly conccrned in his advent. Rememlier, ¡rood people, he is Coming, and is bound to affect you more or less. Not onlv so. He will probably lie willow ed liv a satellite, or loop, named Si non, after the perjurer of the Trojan war, with a lot of coastal rain. So April will witness a merty time, and those in harmony with nature will re lish it like a mollyhawk enjoying lit bits from the pantry. Pax voliisciun'. Let readers study Virgil and the Iliad of Homer."  GENERAL NOTES. Macarthur and Macleod announce a clearing sale on account of Mrs. E. Donoghue, on Saturday, 2nd Fabruary, on the property, railway gates. Sydney road, Broadford. See particulars in another column. According to latest accounts Mr Clement Wragge is conducting a Tropical Gardens and Institute as a holiday resort; at Birkenhead, New Zealand. Some years ago Mr Wragge was known all over Aus tralia as a weather forecaster whose predictions gave rise to much amusement not necessarily because they were wrong, but for the reason that they were invariably placed before the public in a striking, and often entertaining, manner. What ever his merits as a meteorologist, Wragge was an excellent showman. Such terms as "monsoon" 'cyclone,' 'depression" and "disturbance" had no attractions for him. He referred to call the cyolone, "Hughes"; the depression, "Irvine" ; or the dis turbance, 'Mannix" ; or whatever names were prominent, in the poli tical world at the time. Then the public would get a pronouncement something like this: "Prepare for the worst -'Mannix'-or it might have been "Barton"-is coming. Drought stares the farmer in the face. Conserve your supplies of water immediately, for there are days of trial ahead." If the drought came, Wragge would adopt the attitiule of "I told you so. If it did not, Wragge relapsed into obscurity. Only temporarily, however, for like the politicans, Wragge invariably "came back" at the first opportunity. It is said that his gardens at Birk enhead suggest a corner of the South Sea Islands, and that visitors find much entertainment in his descriptions of the constellations. Punch. " definite settlement of the coal dispute between Victoria and New South Wales has been reached. A two years contract has now been arranged. Victoria is to take frori the N,S.W. Government screened coal from the Pelaw Main and Rich moud mines not exceeding 200,000 tons per annum, delivered in Mel. bourne at 23/7 per'ton and at Geelong 23/5 per ton,  Mr. Wraggt! Lectures. The School of Arts was ciwsdfnl 011 Saturday evening to he>tr Mr. Clement Wraggp, the fsnir>ij«i mr-l eorologist. deliver n lecture on "The Immortal Skies." The nudi enee was a most appreciative one. Mr. C. A. Gilles presided and in troduced the lecturer. Sir. Wragge held his audience for about l«v&lt;» hours, and was .frequently ap plauded. Numerous lantern s^lide^ of an unique description were shown, ami looked upon with amazement by those present. These comprised photographs of the sun, moon, and etnre. taken by the most eminent astronomers in ! tbe world. The spots on the sun, indicating storms, was explained : in a masterly way. while the i elides showing the red hydrogen I flames rising from the sun's sur- i face were particularly fine. Views of solar, eclipses, cyclones, ote., were greatly appreciated by the 1 audience. Slides of Mare, Venus,; Jupiter, Saturn, etc., were of the} hipheet order. It is impossible to j do justice to the educational lee- ; tare ot Mr. Wragge, who during ? his discourse made numerous ref erences to tbe Mighty Architect. At the conclusion of the lecture Mr.Wragge gave an exhibition of ! radium. The greatest interest was taken by the audience in this jnod era wonder. Mr. Wragge is work ing north, and will go on to Queensland.  tho following appeared -in our Second Edition yesterday. ' FOREWARNED IS FQREARMED, Warning is issued by the Meteorologi cal Department that a fierce disturbance !s travelling southward. Already that dls- turbanoa has caused' considerable, and, ns . later reports may prove, very great damage, in the 'north. The special feature of these itinerant meteorological distur bances is flat they as they proceed, instead of losing strength, they gather force. They resemble an insurgent army. Every district through which they pass, and leave, in their passing, broad evi dences of their passage and ravage, con tributes its local reinforcements to their strength. Thus, while at a given spot, one' of these disturbances, by reason of its violence may seem to havo expended its' strength,, the fact is that as it proceeds, It gathers frcsb strength and ferocity, just as did An taeus of old, , who. cvory time he placed his foot on mother earth, was reinforced by frcsli energy; The special purpose of the meteorological department is to an ticipate the probable cITccts of these vio lent visitants. From reliable data that department is able to foretell with aiiso- luto accuracy, that within a certain period, the disturbance of which it has bam notified, will reach this or that spot. But in how many instances is pro per advantage taken of the information thus afforded ? It may be remembered that when Mr. Wragge was State meteo rologist, tliuit devastating cyclonic disturbance wi'aieli he designated "Sigma," swept over the northern' part of Queens land. Its approach was predicted ; and, like Caesar, if; came, saw, and conquered. fThe record of the ravage which it iwrought now is embalmed in the annals o£ Queensland's history. 'What precau tions, then, a.re now being taken to an ticipate the probable effects of the dis turbance now swooping southwards ? For iat least two days warnings have been Issued, not cinly to shipping, but also to those inland, over whose districts tlie storm area is certain to extend. Unless these warnings, based on ascertained scientific data and on specific observation lit points an>d centres whence reliable in formation is obtainable, are lieeded, of what practical use is the Commonwealth Meteorological Dcpartmftit ? There is tvery reason, in view of the efforts which that department makes to afford fullest possible information both to shipping and to the people on the' land, why the fore- fcasts as issued should he very carefullv Studied. It is the settler who disre- :gards such information who usually is found, in time of flood, asquat the cap ping; of his house roof, and floating, like (Robinson Crusoe, to some unknown island, ior on whose drowned body the magistrate has to hold- an inquiry as to the cause lot its appearance on the surface of the flood waters. Ample warning of the approach of this fierce meteorological Send has been given. Those who are wise will mate every possible preparation lomjts: repulse  TOWNSVILLE DAILY BULLETM. ? PUBLISHED PAII-T. ? FRIDAY, OCTOBER 10, MU. An escort of three constables iitt by the Marloo last night in charge of seven lunatics for Qoodna. Of these, six were males, and one a female. The bitter was in charge of a nurse. Two trains, carrying approximately 1600 persons, were dispatched from Townsville yesterday to Margaret Creek, in connection with the Friendly Societies' annual picnic. A meeting of members of the Paint ers' branch of the A.W.U. was held on Thursday evening, which was well at tended. It was decided to request a cooferenec with the employers on the matter of wages. The sittings of the Circuit Court at Cloncurry, open on Wednesday, before Mr Acting Justice Jameson. There arc no criminal cases set down, and the only business In the Civil Jurisdiction is a divorce matter. Tbe two ends of the Adelaide Co.'i Bbed on the Jetty were stacked almost celling high with Lower Burdekin sugar on Thursday, and further trucks were being unloaded. Altoge ther there 1b about M0 tone In t-ie Bhed awaiting shipment. The work of widening the Eastern Jetty la being poshed on by the Harbor Board Engineer (Mr Stein), and excellent progress Is being made. The new roadway now extends as far as the Howard Smith Oo.'s shed, each week's work showing an appreciable addition. Patrick Joseph McKee made nla rourth appearance at the Police Court on Thursday, before Mr T. A. Ferry, Acting P.M., charged with drunkenness, and was lined £1 or seven days. A prohibition order was also Issued aealnst tbe same defendant. David Henry Waterfield, for drunkenness, waa convicted and discharged. The town waa exceptionally quiet on Thursday, all shops being closed, and business suspended on the occasion of Friendly Societies Day. There were very few people in the streets, but on the Strand there ware a number of family picnic parties, with numbers uf ycungsiera disporting th:in-Al«cs on tbe sands. The MoBsman Central Mill ftnls'.ied opuatlona for tbe season yesterday. The Mourllyai» Mill, !t ts fti-.cted will conclude on 21th Octobeer. Mack nade Mill (Herbert River), will be next, finishing about the end of Nov ember. All the other Northern nulls, It is exported, will continue until the end of the year. Tbe Townsville Hallway has been extended from Cloncurry to Quamby, a distance of 28 miles N chains. The distance (rom Townaville to Quamby Is about 610 mites. Construction la pro ceeding, and will be completed to about 42 miles from Cloncurry about the end of the year. Tbe objective Is Mount Cuthbert about 76 miles from 'Cloncurry. This extension Is tapping the copper and oattle country. Mr S. E. Green, Sydney manager for the Pacific Commercial Co. la a passenger by the Changaha now in port on a flying visit to Manila. Speaking of the facilities ot the port, Mr Green remarked that aa regarded the ship ping of frozen meat with the refrige rated can coming right to the ship's side, Townsville was far ahead of some of the larger Southern ports, Including Sydney. Operations In connection with the erection ot a garden frontage on the Flinders Street aide of the new Ball way Station are now in hand, and the various stacks of material uaed by the tradesmen aro in course ot re moval preparatory to the filling In ot the space. The Dtparunsnt ia also undertaking the improvements to tbe lane leading towards the creek past the Great Northern Hotel Big pro gress has been made throughout the building, and the roofing of the plat form span la practically halt comple ted. B. Nixon, aged about 80, an em ployee ot the Harbor Board, when riding home on a bicycle from his work on Wednesday evening about six o'clock, wss the victim of a painful accident near the Crown Hotel, South Townavtlle. A horse attached to a sulky, who appeared to be In a frac tious mood, swerved as Nixon was passing him, and a collision occurred, the shaft of the sulky piercing Nixon's thigh. Inflicting a severe wound. The Ambulance attended, and after ren dering first aid conveyed the Injured man to the hospital. In a recent issue, when dealing with Mr Wragge's criticisms on the Queens land weather bureau, We expressed the opinion that the weather observers did their work well but that its value was reduced by the lack of publicity given to weather news by the Telegraph De partment. We are glad to say that Mr Hunt has now recommended that, with the concurrence of the Postal authori ties, a system of more frequently inter changing observations between all the coastal ports from Rockhampton to Thursday Island be inaugurated dur ing the cyclone season, and it was pro posed to have these data posted up for public information at the several ports on charts specially supplied by the de partment. That is a sensible decision to make and should prove of great value. From January 1 to March 31, between Rockhampton and Thursday Island news of any suspicious indication in the weather should have absolute prefer ence in telegraphic transmission.  QUEENSLAND WEATHER. \ Whatever mny be said of the prophecies p[ Mr. Clement Wragge as to seasonal fore casts,, there, remains considerable doubt as to whether tho splendid seasons the coun try has enjoyed for a number of years, past nro not about to give place to a period of dryness (says the Brisbane correspondent art.hu 'Australasian.') On a provlous 'occa sion. Ihnvo mentioned the spell of dry wea ther In tho pastoral districts, and more' ro csntly the 'unexpected rnlns, which ? 'have suddenly relieved the sheop and cattlo own ers of present anxiety. But the rest of the State has not enjoyed the same relief;. Iso lated showers from ? thunderstorms have been oxpprienced, but. those who know this State will have seen that so far there has been nothing: In the nature of a true wet season. The last l.lmo 1 referred to the mat ter. 1 said- that early monsoons might do ?something for the' sugar areas. Thora has 'ooen nothing of this so far. The wet. 'sea- son should. commence' not. later than, the sec ond week In January. Tho be&lnnlng of February should see .heavy floods; while '1*1 e season Bhould begin to change by the middle of 'March. It, ,1s true some rain Cull has been reported, but. on the whole the coastal' districts havo received points where they should havo had Inches or rain. Under these circumstances the outlook alone; tho coast Is most gloomy, and, though pi;'oplio-, sylng Is always a dangerous thing1, appoar nnces Indicate that .tho sugar crop o'f lho/ curront year will bo ono of tho lowest Blnco' 1002, and loavo a shortage, to bo mado up by 'imyiortaUons, of porno hundred thousand tons'. Moro rain' has fallen In tho southern nnd south-wostorn dairying diRtrlcts, but even thoro the .amount, Is by no moans suill cloni. i Wo havo reached tho middle of Fob'-' ruary, and neither flood nor cyclone, nor any of tho ovldoncos of a vigorous wot sonson linvo shown themselves). Floods and cyclones usually Indicate damage but tho nature of tropical nnd Homl-troptenl country Is rmch thai, tho duniugo dono by theso visitations In less than that, dono by l.holr nbuoncu.  SUN AND WEATHER. MR, .WRAGGE'S FORECASTS. SEISMIC ACTIVITY IN 1920. "The present maximum of' the iun," said Air. Clement Wragge in an interview with a "Weekly News" reporter on January 9, "is probably the most abnormal on record. Ten days ago seventeen disturbances, popularly called sun spots, were observed in the solar photosphere, the largest being about 45,000 miles in diameter. But upheavals ! even greater, to 100,000 miles in dia meter, have been observed during this I f remarkable period of solar upheaval.' From these titanic cyclones in the sun, ether or wireless waves of varying wave lengths are always emanating, and under them the earth and our fellow planets sing, vibrate, and hum like the singing of a telegraph wire, but inasmuch as all our senses on the physical plane are' limited, our organs of hearing are not sufficiently acute to respond to them. In order to understand this theory it must be borne in mind that the whole i endless universe from sun to sun, planet to planet, system to system, is governed , by wireless waves. Our sun is operated I in its turn by the ether waves emanating from o.ur next nearest sun, which is' Alpha Centauri, the brightest of the two pointers to the Southern CroBS, and so it goes on through the inter-stellar or inter-solar spaces. FACTORS IN CLIMATIC CHANGES. "The forecasts of the seasons are based on three main factors, first the physical condition of the sun in respect to its maximum and minimum moods; secondly, the astronomical positions of the moon and periodical swing of lunar declination; thirdly, the perturbations or wireless waves that are for ever working through out our solar system, linking up the earth with our fellow planets. That this work ing hypothesis with respect to seasonal weather forecasting is a, sound one there is no doubt whatever, but a source of error lied in the fact that we do not yet thoroughly understand the nature of the emanations from Alpha Centauri, which affect the sun. It is a remarkable fact that there is a connection so intimate between the weather—if we may use such a term—of the sun and the weather of earth, as if the two bodies, through 93 millions of miles, were actually linked up by a telegraph wire. So they are in very fact, but I5y wireless, as I have already stated. In the northern hemisphere of the sun winds of terrific velocity sweep around in appalling and fiery cyclones in the opposite direction to the hands of a clock, and in the southern hemisphere of the sun. in the same direction of clock hands, and the very same circulation takes place around our globe in the northern i and southern hemispheres respectively. FORECAST OF STORMY SEASON. "Arguing from these standpoints, and seeing that actions and reactions pervade tho Cosmos, there is every reason to be lieve that the approaching hurricane season over the Pacific Elands off the Coast of Queensland , and New South Wales, and the north-west coast of West Australia, also around Mauritius and the South Indian . Ocean,. will be very pro nounced. and, as such disturbances are expected to pass further south than usual, it is reasonable to suppose that the Auckland Province, and especially North Auckland, will be in a measure affected by the southern sides or edges of the Pacific storms, which should result in heavy winds from between east, north east, north, and north-west, with ac companying periodica! heavy rains. The present absence of rainfall is mainly due to the condition of what may be termed tho static equilibrium attaching to the summer solstice, and as the sun's southern declination decreases towards ther equator the state of affairs just mentioned may be expected the more to develop. But it must ever be borne in mind that, with regard to forecasts of the seasons, we dare not speak ex cathedra, that we only claim, and equitably so, a high percen tage of accuracy, knowing that our hypothetical formula is a sound one, and absolute accuracy is never expected, re membering the qualifying influences from Alpha Centauri. SUNSTORMS AND EARTHQUAKES. "In regard to earthquakes," continued Mr. Wragge, "there is no doubt the sun's influence is the prime factor—I do not say the only one—in causing earthquakes and volcanic eruptions. The recent Wairparapa earthquake followed a mighty solar upheaval exceeding 100,000 miles from edge to edge. The Gautemala earthquake was contemporaneous with the enormous solar energy already men tioned, together with the eruption of Mount Vesuvius. I am not forecasting future earthquakes, and I am not sound ing the alarmist note, but I do emphati cally say that, in consequence of the change of wireless wave lengths from the sun—like altering tho gear of a motor car—which are bound to operate after 1920, conditions will become more favor able for seismic and volcanic action in all those parts of the southern hemisphere where the surface of the earth is weak. It is just possible—I do not say probable —that some of the alleged extinct vol canoes may begin to manifest some slight signs -of activity. My advice when that period arrives to those people who live in earthquake areas is not to sleep too near chimneys, which are liable to tumble down. It is possible that seismic action may become evident in the neighborhood of Cook Straights and Canterbury Plains, but remember." lie concluded, "" I am not sounding the alarmist note. The tone that I use is embodied in the word, 'caution.' "  The Climate and Weather of Australia. No. II. In this — the second article of the series — the writer deals with some of the avoidable causes of drought, and gives much sound advice regarding the effect of afforestation, ringbarking, water conservation, and irriga- tion on local climate. He also suggests several important schemes that might be carried out in Australia, such as the damming of the Warrego, the Maranoa, the Condamine, the Lachlan, and the Darling. BY CLEMENT WRAGGE, F.R.G.S., etc. WE now come to the subjects of forest conservancy, ringbarking, water conservation, and irrigation in connection with, climate. A whole volume could be written: on these subjects. The trees of Australia are one of its greatest assets, and it is positively heartbreak- ing to a lover of the beautiful to see over vast acres of country gaunt, weird, bleached trunks stretching out their arms to heaven as if in mute protest against the whole sale slaughter. We fully admit that land must be cleared for agricultural and residential purposes ; but there is the right way and the wrong way in which to do it, and the latter largely predominates. Forests powerfully affect and modify climate, and form part of Nature's economy in the great Australian land. The fallen leaves form humus for the growth of sweet grass, and the roots, by binding the soil, prevent disintegration and denudation by floods. In forest lands there should always be grass and food for stock. To ruthlessly destroy our trees can only spell disaster. One cannot disturb the equilibrium of Nature without being paid out and charged compound interest on the transaction in the long run. Droughts in the past would not have been so severe but for the ruth- less destruction of the trees which render climate more equable and most surely tend to increase the rainfall, while keeping the soil from being baked by the sun. Changes of temperature go on more slowly in forest coun- try than in the open. Yet trees must be cut for timber— that we fully allow—but for every tree cut down, save in areas particularly pastoral and agricultural, another, one should be planted, and we regard Arbor Days as one of the greatest institutions of the country. Take the arid plains, of Spain, caused by forest denudation, and let Australians learn the lesson. Generally speaking, clearing the land and ringbarking for agriculture should be carried out in the form of a circle or oval, leaving a broad belt of timber on either side, with sheltering clumps here ; and there in the middle. Protection would thus be af- forded against the burning winds of summer and the chilly blasts of winter, and the clumps in the middle would afford grateful shade for sheep and cattle. Yet some people never pause to think, never exercise the divine faculties of mind; but they cut, slash; and destroy as though the trees were the greatest enemies they had, instead of genuine friends. Irrigation. IT is highly gratifying to know of the splendid irrigation work carried out in the Goulburn Valley, at Renmark and Mildura, and of those now under construction by the New South Wales Government. Would that it could be continued to all the main river districts throughout the country! Water conservation to Australia, providing against drought time, is its very salvation, and all irrigated lands should have a modified and genial local climate—a new climate, in fact, produced by the energy of man. Let us give one instance of work that should yet be carried out—there are many such. We mean the damming of the Warrego and the irrigation of western South Queensland. What is now in drought time a burning wilderness, with the ugly black crows cawing the dirge of death and disaster, could be converted into a miniature. Nile Valley, and Cunnamulla would blossom as an Elysian garden in an irrigated Mesopotamia. Oranges, lemons, olives, vines, dates, bananas, and many other luscious fruits could, by irrigation, be grown on those western plains with entire success. Very gardens of Paradise would adorn the country, and an extreme climate would be rendered more equable and delightful. Get Up and Dam. THE same is true of the Maranoa, Condamine, Barcoo, Lachlan, Darling, and other districts; and if we were Prime Minister we should repeal a law that hampered private enterprise, and should offer a substantial bonus ; to all landholders who would contribute their share to wards the cost of damming all the rivers and main creeks. By suitable locks a system of inland navigation could be inaugurated, and the luscious produce brought down by fleets of steamers to a harbour at the Murray mouth, thence to be despatched to the markets of the world. This is no Utopian dream; it can become a very reality when a statesman is produced who will force the thing through by the very power of the master, mind: Then the terrors of drought will have ceased, and man will have come to his rightful inheritance. Work is life, Work is true prayer ! Away with stupid supplications for rain. Again we say, "Get up and dam !" If Australia were under American or Japanese rule such irrigation works as those instanced would have been done long ago. Irri- gated lands ; alter the temperature and vapour tensions, increase humidity, and modify burning winds; and such, coupled with tree-planting and forest conservancy, would render continental Australia one of the most charming countries of the world. More than this, if a Roosevelt or a Taft were incarnated in this land Lakes Torrens, Eyre, Gairdner, and Amadeus would be connected with the sea, and all difficulties of level overcome, as in the case of the Panama Canal. Of course, it would mean money; but money is only means to an end, by the right use of which human life is bettered, and the money would be forthcom- ing and yield ample results. Then indeed would climate, be improved, and the arid wastes of the interior converted into an Eden. Very much more might be said about climatology; but this section must now close. Our Climatological Belts. BEFORE proceeding to summarise the work of ordinary forecasting, it might be well to give a list of the 45 main climatological belts, regions, or zones that influ- ence the climates of Australia. They are: — (1) The west ern half of Cape York Peninsula; (2) the eastern half of Cape York Peninsula; (3) the seaboard between Cooktown and Cleveland Bay; (4) the hills between Cooktown and the 17th parallel bordering the sea; (5) inland districts of Queensland north from latitude 17deg. S, including the plains of Carpentaria; (6) the littoral between Cape Cleve land and the Tropic of- Capricorn; (7) hilly districts near the sea between the parallel of Cape Cleveland and the Tropic; (8) inland and western districts of Queensland south from the 17th parallel, thence to the Tropic; the coast strip between Cape Capricorn and the Clarence River; (10) the coast hills between the Tropic and the Clarence, including the Blackall Ranges; (11) inland and western Queensland south from the Tropic; (12) the coast strip between the Clarence, and Moruya (including Sydney and the Illawarra); (13) the New England district and adjacent features; (14) the hill coastal zone between New England and Queanbeyan (including; modifications in the Blue Mountains); (15) the inland districts of New South Wales;: (16) the coast between Moruya and Cape Howe; (17) Monaro, Kosciusko, and the alpine region; (18) Gipps land; (19) inland Victoria; (20) the coast belt of western Victoria; (21) the north 'coast of Tasmania; , (22) the east coast of Tasmania; (23) , the south coast of Tasmania; (24) Mount Wellington and adjacent hills; (25) the Myrtle scrubs and west coast of Tasmania; (26) central Tas mania; (27) the Tiers and northern mountains of Tas mania; (28) the coasts of South Australia east from the meridian of Port Lincoln; (29) the hills of South Aus The Paralysing Hand of the Ringbarker. "To ruthlessly destroy our trees can only spell disaster. One cannot disturb the equilibrium of Nature without being paid out and charged compound interest on the transaction in the long run." tralia, including Mount Lofty; the Gawler, Barossa, and Flinders Ranges; (30) the mallee scrub generally; (31) the inland plains of South Australia south from the Tropic; (32) the coast between Port Lincoln and Eucla; (33) the coast between Eucla and Albany; (34) the jarrah forests and south-western corner of Western Australia; (35) in land Western Australia south : from the 30th parallel; (36) the coast belt between; Perth and the Tropic; (37) inland Western Australia between 30deg. S and the Tropic of Capricorn; (38) the coast of Western Australia between the Tropic and the 17th parallel; (39) inland Western Australia withinthe lastnamed limits; (40) the coast of Western Australia north from the 17th parallel; (41) inland Western Australia north from the 17th parallel; (42) the coast of the Northern Territory; (43) inland dis tricts of the Territory north from latitude 17deg. S; (44) the western coast of the Gulf of Carpentaria; (46) the tablelands and steppes of Central Australia. Ordinary Forecasting. THE meteorologist's duty is to issue ordinary forecasts of the weather. These should cover periods of 24 hours to a week in advance, and be fulfilled with an accuracy of 95 per cent. Owing to the geographical posi- tion of Australia the work of ordinary weather forecasting is rendered far less difficult than in the northern hemi- sphere. The country is governed by two main types of atmospheric disturbance — the anticyclonic or high pressure system and the cyclonic or low pressure. Not that, a cyclone necessarily means a hurricane; it is a technical term (just as if a geologist were to go into the road and pick up a handful of dirt he would call it 'rock'), and merely implies low pressure. The main atmospheric waves sweep across Australia from west to east, and as there are troughs and crests in the waves of the ocean so there are in the atmosphere. (Continued on Page 49.) THE CLIMATE AND WEATHER OF AUSTRALIA. (Continued from Page 8.) THE tropical hurricanes or cyclones pro- per usually approach from north-east towards south-west, and recurve towards south-east between the parallels of 13 and 26 degrees, as the sun's southern declination decreases, and owing to rarefied atmosphere becoming jammed or walled in by anti- cyclonic crests. Stations for the securing of forecasting data are known as first order and second order. They should be scattered all over the country, and not farther apart than 100 miles. In addition to the instruments employed at climatological stations each one must be supplied with the noblest of all meteorological instruments, the standard mercurial barometer, which may be either of the Fortin or Board of Trade pattern, and first-order stations must also be fitted with a barograph, thermograph, and hygrograph for registering in aniline ink, by clockwork motion, every variation continuously in pressure, temperature, and humidity. Ane- mometers or wind recorders are also advis- able, but not imperative; and observations should be taken at 3 a.m., 9 a.m., 3 p.m., and 9 p.m., at the early hour by self-record- ers to avoid interference with the observer's rest. Care of Barometer. STANDARD barometers are most delicate instruments, and the transportation and final fixing of such an one at an out- station demands the utmost care. Nursing a recalcitrant baby is nothing compared to carrying a barometer on horseback or on the top of a coach to a fair distant outpost. We had enough of this when originally founding barometric stations through Cape York Peninsula and in the wilds of the "Never-Never," whence forecasting data are now derived daily under the new regime. If an infant receives a shake, it will cry and get over it. Not so the barometer. When not in active use it must be carried cistern end up, and the slightest jar may cause air ultimately to vitiate what is technically known as the torricellian vacuum. Thus the instrument, which reads to thousandths of an inch, by improper handling may be come useless for scientific work; and even when finally hung in position it should be carefully protected by a wire guard. A damaged barometer giving wrong read ings might seriously vitiate a forecast on which momentous interests depend. The public have no idea of the enormous labour and responsibility in this regard attaching to the writer when fixing such instruments in the backblocks, and of the keen joy experienced when the barometer was finally fixed, as at Boulia. And never shall we forget safely landing the barometer on the very summit of Kosciusko. Then ob- servers have to be taught, and ultimately be come as a trained "barometric nurse." This work became the foundation of the present weather service. All that has been said with regard to management and inspection applies with special force to these stations, whence data are telegraphed to the head office for the preparation of the weather chart on which the daily forecasts are based. (To be Continued.)  *: o ; MR. WRAC-GE AND THE ->/ / SUNSPOTS. In these days, when those once ho nored prohpets of the weather—the -gorns and gouty limbs of our eiders— have given place to scientific fore past, the farming community hangs yrith hated breath upon the utteran ces of the experts. The Auckland "Star," copies of kwhich arrived by the s.s. Riverina, in terviewed Mr. Clement Wragge, F.R.G.S.—the one-time Queensland Government Meteorologist, andi the foreteller of the disastrous Australian droughts—at his home at Birkenhead the other day. Mr. Wragge willingly acquiesced when asked if he would venture a forecast. The celebrated weather ; prophet lives in intimate communion with the weather portents.- An odd looking barometer was at his elbow in his queer, workshoplike study; shelves of meteorological tomes lined the room. Outside was a boxlike structure which, to the uninitiated, might have been a meat safe or a bird cage. It was, in fact, a minia ture observatory, in which clock-work and electrical instruments registered the vagaries of -the atmosphere, or turned turtle, by an alarum arrange ment, to tell the state of the temper ature at a given time o' nights. The meteorologist fetched a huge telescope, formidable as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting, rays of the sun, and allowed a bright half crown^ of light from the lens—the photograph of the sun—to play on a white blotting pad. * - "No sunspots and no rain just yet," was his rueful verdict. "I've been expecting one just lately. It should appear to-morrow or the next day on the edge of the sun, and when it works to the centre, conditions will be favorable to rain." -The prophet next gave the "baro meter a professional rap, jotted down a figure, and dubiously said, "Umpli." ( Producing a chart of the Australian regions, he went outside to test the direction of the wind and to find the lay of the low atmosphere pressure region, and then commenced to rapidly draw wavy "isobars" on the chart. Mr. "Wragge has computed fore casts for the seasons of Australia up till 1930, and these, he says, are ap plicable to New Zealand, with slight modification, owing to physical and geographical reasons. During 1914 and part of 1915, he says, the rainfall, taking Australia as a whole, will be under the average. This by no means implies that there will be no rain. On the contrary, good inter vening rains will occur, and the last part of this period will be better than the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards, the rainfall will markedly increase, and from 1916 to 1920, in clusive, the seasons will be distinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to steadily fall off, and the worst part of the next great "under-average" pe riod will be 1923 and 1924. Austra lians will be justified in calling that a drought. In 1925, mat- i ters will begin to improve, and good j season^) will prevail from 1926 to 1930 These forecasts, explained Mr. Wragge, are mainly based on the physical condition of the sun with respect to its maxima and minima moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we are nearing the en,j of the solar minimum—or the period when the fearful cyclonic \$inds around the sun, of which we on earth had no conception, were least violent. a The maximum period would com mence at the end of 1915, and until then, although he did not expect the I seasons to be so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must not be an J ticipated. Intervening rains in New Zealand should give a heavier fall in 1 Australia. In the droughts he pre dieted, New Zealand would not suffer to tlie same extent as Australia, ow ing to its climate being insular, whereas that of the latter was con tinental.  Townsville Harbor Board. MONTHLT MEETING. The monthly meeting of the Towns ville Harbor Board was held at the Board's office on Thursday afternoon. There were present— Messrs G. Gordon (chairman), B. Toll. J. Cummins, G. Harrop, 3. Hodel, A. Ogden, S. M. Hopkins, Hon. E, H. T. Plant, and the secretary (Mr V. J. Lalor). Apologies were received from Messrs R. L. Crad dock and W. L. Chapman. The chairman. In opening, referred to the vacancy on the Board caused by the death of Mr J. A. Benjamin, antt said It would 111 become the Board it they 013 not on the first occasion take the opportunity of acknowledging the services rendered by the deceased gentleman. He moved that a minute to that effect be entered In the Board's rcords, and a letter of condolence sent to the family. Seconded by Mr Hodel and carried. A letter from the Treasury, suggest ing the appointment of an engineer, was called for by Mr Ogdcn. The Ch&riman said before that letter was read he thought In the interests of the Board it should be considered first in committee. Furthermore, there was another letter bearing on the mat ter from Mr Stein: In this be stated that he had not had time to prepare a reply to the report, which appeared to reflect upon him, and desired time to do so, and also consult his solicitor. Mr Hodel said In these circumstances he thought It was only right that the engineer should be ^iven time to reply. Mr Cummins: And then both letters can be read together. Mr Toll moved that the matter be held over and referred to the Finance Committee. The Chairman sail it would be better for the full Board to deal with It. Hon. E. H. T. Plant asked would It be held over till the next meeting. The Chairman said he might call a special meeting of the Board. Mr Ogden said he had no wish to be harsh. The engineer had asked for time, and he would be-willing to grant the request. But he would point out that they had done everything up to this juncture straightforwardly, and had taken account of no one's feel Ings. If there was one prominent fea ture throughout the discussion It was that people's feelings had not been re garded much. But still he was not one to push a nun into a corner, and if there was a defence he, as an Austra lian, would certainly give a man every chance. Mr Cummins: I thought you were an Irishman. Mr Ogden said there was a bit of an Irishman In him, some distance back. He only pointed out that until now there had not been much consid eration shown for people's feelings In the taattor. . The Chairman said the reason of his suggestion was that this was aJlnai letter from the Department after hear ing Mr Bernays's report, but seeing there was a fact stated which the Board's officer wished to refute, ho thought it only fair to adjourn the consideration of It. On the motion of the Hon. E. H. T. Plant and Mr Toll, it was decided that the letfer be held over and the matter nf calling a. special meeting be left In the ohairman's hands. A letter was received from the Engi neer for Harbors and Rivers, request Ing further information before replying to a letter re the proposed concrete pier, and asking if the Board could allocate {2«,M0 per annum for two years from Kb revenue from the pro posed work, or was the procuring of loan money the only way possible? The Chairman said the letter had been referred to the Works Committee, but the Department had apparently not nailed for a reply, as a further letter had been received ataUng that the Board's borrowing' power would be ex tended. The following letter was also re ceived from the Treasury:— 'With re ference to the clerk's letter of the 22nd ultimo to the Engineer for Har bors and mvers, relating to extra berthing accommodation proposed to be constructed by the TownBVllle Har bor Board, I have the honor, by di rection, to Inform you that a Bill will be Introduced during the next Parlia mentary session Increasing the Board's borrowing power to enable it to borrow Funds to defray the cost of the scheme suggested by Mr Cullen, and that In the meantime a loan will be granted For the purpose, when required, for the available amount which the Board Is empowered to borrow.' The Under-Secretory of the Depart ment of Public Lands wrote as fol 'ows:— 'Referring to your letter of Mrd ultimo, inquiring whether It could be ltranged to allow your Board to pur chase the whole of the land comprised In allotments 18 to 22 of the reserve for railway purposes, In one block, con tingent on the Board agreeing to al low the Railway Department's siding on the land to remain as long as re quired, I have the honor to Inform you that the matter of selling the part of the reserve on the east side of the rail way line Is being held over at the re quest of the Railway Department, which may require the land for rail way purposes.' This referred to blocks alongside the Board's pumping station. The Chairman said the Railway De partment had told them It was In the hands of the Lands Department, and now the Utter Btated that the matter was being held over because the land might be required for railway purposes. Mr Ogden said at the late Local Authorities' Conference they, had learned that all pork lands could be resumed by the Government. But It would be unfair It, after the Board had put pumping Improvements on the land. It should be subject to resump tion. The Chairman suggested that another letter might be written to the Depart ment asking how they could protect their Improvements on the land. ?5 ,- ??+ Tc wa* dj»IB»a. that the matter be Wi -In the «*lrmin'« handn. The *eneral secretary of the Mer chant Service Guild , of Australasia wrote u follows:— 'For the purpose of altering, Axing and determining the.1 terms of 'employment of masters and offlcers throughout the shipping Indus try of the Commonwealth. I am direc ted to advise you that nnder Instruc tions from its members (same of whom are In your employ), the Guild has re solved to moke the attached claim ' upon yon and other -employers with a request that you will enter into an un dertaking to observe ^the terms of the clftiir from the 1st Instant onwards. I am further dlrecetd to notify you that the Guild will be pleased to meet you, or any representative body of employ ers In conference, and should you not see your way to conform to the termB | of the claim, or be unable to. meet the j representatives of the Guild In con ference, I- am to ask yon to notify me whether or not you agree to the Presi dent of the Commonwealth Court of j Conciliation and Arbitration hearing and determining the matter upon the application of the Guild.' The Chairman stated that there was a very long log of-wages attached, of which only two points affected the Board. The Clerk sold the only two classes in the Board's employ Interested were the tug tnasten and dredge masters. In the dredges the masters would be entitled to £26. per month, plus over time at 8b 64 per hour for work over eurht hours. ' In reply to a question by the chair man, the clerk stated that there were two BhlftB of Bine hours for which they were paid for eight hours. Mr Dffdea said they were face to face with men who had got an award from the Court. The Chairman Bald they had not cot their award yet Mr Ogden suggested that a reply be sent that the Board would fall In with what they might secure. The Chairman pointed out that for one of the new ships on the coast the log would mean £79 per month for the captain, with 10s per hour overtime. Mr Ogden said he was glad the waterside workers 'were not the only ones asking for increases. He would suggest that they should reply that they would fall In with the decision of the Court. A Member: We will have to. The Chairman: Not necessarily; the Full Court sometimes upsets those things. He thought It would be better not to reply at all at present. Mr Ogden: Well, so long as we do not throw ourselves athwart them In the matter. The dlscuBBlon then dropped. A letter was received from the secre tary of the Townsville Meteorological Bureau (Mr H. B. Marks), reporting what was being done by that body, and asking if the Board would contribute towards the object of establishing a meteorological station in North Queens land during the cyclone season. The Chairman said he regretted the matter had fallen through for the pre- sent season. Hon. E. H. T- Plant said the object was a laudable one, and if it was within their power he thought, the Board would be justified in allocating a sum of money towards this object. It was for the benefit of the shipping and people connected with the northern trade routes. He thought the Board should push the matter, if they could. He would move that a letter be sent to the Federal authorities in Melbourne strongly advocating the establishment of a station. And, If it was in the province of the Board he thought they would be justified in offering another £100 towards the object. Mr Ogden seconded the motion, pointing out that they already had the wireless station established here, which was the complement of a complete equipment for a meteorological station. Mr Toll thought It was purely a mat- ter for the Federal Government. He thought they should strongly urge upon the Government that an officer be ap pointed here. He would like to see Mr Wragge come here, but still thought it was the duty of the Australian Parlia- ment to protect these coasts. The motion moved by the Hon. E. H. T. Plant, that a letter be sent to the Federal authorities strongly urging the establishment of a bureau in Towns- ville, and stating that the Board would be In favor of contributing to the cost of such bureau, was then put and Car ried. The Townsville Steam Laundry Co. wrote applying for a lease of the allot ment adjoining the laundry. The Chairman said the Laundry Co. wanted the ground for drying purposes. They would not be able to erect any building without the consent of the Board. - . Referred to the Works Committee. The manager of the South British Insurance Co. wrote expressing appre ciation of Mr Stein's successful work in raising the lighter Torpedo, and making sow recommendation! as to the surrey aa« repair of the vessel. Left In the Hones of the otutirmon. The manager of the Australian Steamships Ltd. wrote asking when the sheds on the Jetty were removed that extensions. of Met at each end of the shed be made, these additions to , be closed on the weather side, but open on the Side nearest the ships. Mr Toll Moved that the matter be referred to the engineer to prepare estimates and report to the Finance Committee. Mr Hodel said the engineer enouia see *he Company and ttnd out what they want, ana then' rtport to the Works Committee. Mr Toll aceebted the amendment, which was carried. The manager of the Adelaide Co. wrote stating that the Kadlna had been delayed on account of the partial strike of waterside workers In south ern ports, and therefore asked the sus pension of their coal contract until the vessel arrived. This was agreed to. FINANCE COMMITTEE'S REPORT. A special meeting of the Finance Committee was held at 1.80 p.m. on Friday, Mrd January, to arrange the flnal payment to be made to Messrs Brand and Drybrough In connection with contract for repairs to dredger 'Crocodile.' The clerk was authorised to forward a cheque for £1M 10s «d, being balance due after deducting from amount claimed, the following Items viz: tM in connection with boiler stools, £15 renewal of chafing pieces in -well, £9 10s for we ot crane,' and « for wire slings install ing ladder. £106 in respect ot ex cess weight of ladder, and £U claim for use ot planking, trestles, etc., dis allowed, making the total sum paid on account of contract work £7168 8s, and extras £M20 12s (d, in all £10.789 On 6d. The Adelaide Company's letter of the 7th January, asking that the charge for hire of the salvage pump for the steamer 'Tasman' be reduced, see ing that it wot not used, was con sidered. It was resolved to report that the committee could not recom mend any reduction In the price agreed upon, vie, 176. The members present at the meeting were Messrs Gordon, Craddock, Chapman, and Hopkins. The ordinary monthly meeting of the committee was held at 11 a.m. on Tuesday, Wth Instant Messrs Gordon, Hopkins and Cummins being present Accounts amounting to £IS20 16s Id were examined, and are recommended for payment Disbursements amount Ing to £6515 »s Cd are recommended for confirmation, making the total ex penditure during the month of Jan uary fil2T Is. Including the sum ot [1611 Us Cd, authorised at lust meet- , Ing. I liookstall, Jetty Wharf: Messrs | Wlllmrtt and Son having notified that they old not desire to renew their tenancy of this building, which ex pires on the tlfit March, It wax re solved that tenders be Invited for lease of same. Proposed extension of Borrowing Powers: It Is recommended that the Treasurer be asked when amending ; the Act dealing with this matter, to increase the limit of borrowing pow ers from £350.000 to £500,000. Quotations for Timber: The follow ing quotations were received for cer tain timbers, as under, required in connection with the Board's works:— 8260 super feet oltii Oregon decking to sketch: Rooiyya Ltd. £131 12s, H. Mackenzie Ltd. £129 18b 9d. Saxton and ninriR £121 ISs 9d, Langdon and Lang don 1114 9b 4d. J160 super feet It x 3 dressed Oregon planking: H. McKenzle I-td. £40 10b.. Rooneys Ltd. £»2 12s, Langdon and Ljngdon {32 8s, Saxton nnd Blnns £81 Mb 6d. I960 Duper feet of lOln x Sin Ironbark: H. McKenzle £J» Is, Lanrdon and Longdon £89 18s 8d. Ronneyf Ltd. .£3! 10s. Saxton and Blnns £84 ]0s lOd. Allen Taylor & Co. £81 15s 7d. The acceptance Is recommended of Mnssrs Langdon and Langdon's tender for ( x 3 Oregon, Rooneys Ltd. for IS x 3 Oregon, and Allen Taylor*-* for Iron bark. In connection with the Pnlle* MaeHH. rate's letter or the 7th mat., concerning Jie quarry employees' appeal to the In lustrlol Court for Increased wages and reduction of working hours, It was ar ranged that the Chairman, should ap pear to represent the Board when the evidence li being taken. Mr Hodel said In leasing the news paper stall they should be perfectly clear that the building was not In the road of the rails. The Chairman said they had a pro vision In the lease for that Mr Ogden said In the tenders could they not give some benefit to the local firms, when ihe prices were so near. The Chairman said they had given a preference in the increase. The report was adopted. WORKS COMMITTEE REPORT. A meeting of the Works Committee was held at 2.S0 p.m. on Thursday, Jan uary 22, at which Messrs G. Gordon (chairman), B. Toll. R, L. Craddock, W. L. Chanmnn T ttm).i «..j *._ ? Hon. E. H. T. Plant were present. The application of the Waterside Workers' Federation dated December M. for the erection of a shelter shed at the Jetty, referred to this Commit tee with power to act, was considered, and It was resolved to hold the matter over pending the completion of the widening of the Eastern breakwater. Tenders, as under, were received tot painting the Board's offices (two coats) authorised at last meeting. vii.:C. Sills S ?? w S00' W7' °- Cum« «S »B, W. Hebb £68 10b, r. Neelssen £E8 6s, T. Turton £54, George Lear H9. The low eat tender, namely that of Mr G. Lear was accepted. ^^' For the supply of 1400 casks of ce ment- required In connection with the breakwater extension work, the fol lowing tenders were received, vi«.: Thos. Brown and sons, 'Hercules' brand Ms »a per cask, delivered at the Board's shed; Allen and Sora. 'Al- sen.' and 'Kocmos' brands, 12s M per cask, exclusive of har bor dues and wharfage charges, equal to 13s td per cask. Including these charge); Burns, Phllp and Co, 'An- chor' brand, 12s -d per cask, excluding harbor dues and wharfage, equivalent to Us If such charges are added. Ii was resolved to accept the lowest tinder, that of Burns, Phllp and Co. Mr Uor don did not vote on this matter. The letter dated 2nd January re ceived from the Engineer for har bors and Rivers with reference to pro. posed No. 2 pier, was dlscusaed. »nii » ?was resolved to recommend that a re 'If *? IS' that the Board °°uW not allocate £26,000 per annum for two years to carry out the work, and preferred to have the borrowing powers extended to provide for It FOREMAN'S PROGRESS REPORT The following Is a Bummary of the work carried out during , the past month. Dredging: The Cleveland Bay, after having a new «et of buckets placed on her Udder, continued her wortc ot widening by HE feet, the swing basin In the outer harbor and advanced '-a distance of 192 feet dredging to Kfr. Lw.o.at, the material raised - being ?tiff clay and sandstone. The quantity dredged was 59,215 cubic yards hopper measurement at a cost of £1077 16a Id, or an average of 4.IC pence Dor cubic yard. This vessel also had a new ladder hoisting wire rove off dur ing the month, as the other wag worn out Before the end of the present month the dredge will have arrived at the site of the proposed new 660ft. and 90ft p)er, and I would suggest that the work be discontinues' ? at this point until the plans of the .pier have been prepared, and that -the dredge take m- the w Honing of the approach channel from the beads, by lMft. as shown In yellow color on the progress plan. Resolute: This vessel, which Is ta the hands ot the repairing staff, has to have a new funnel, smoke box and housing over the boiler, and as ' the boiler, although passed by Mr Weir, would require extensive repairs' next year, I decided to lift It out of the vessel and repair it now, thus saving the expense of again pulling the hous ing to pieoes when the vessel oomes up for survey belt year. 'Barges Nos. 1 and 2: The carpen ters are at work taking oft the belt Ing, which, along with angle Irons, has to be renewed. Crocodile: Good progress is now be ing made with this vessel as per Mr BonduurVi resort Jetty /Wharf: The work of replacing the three-fender piles, recently bro ken by shipping, Is well In hand. A. new office has been erected for the gatekeepers, and the work of shifting the sates and Harbor Master's office will be taken In hand In a few days. Widening the Breakwater: During January' the rough bank was run out a distance of 276 feet, and should be finished about the end of the present month, when a start will be made get ting the outer batter made 2t to i, and also -with formation of the road-way. The new stone crushing plant Is now working, and the metal being tarred for the roadway. ' Water Supply: The new pump - has been Installed, and tbe tin. main laid to Junction with tbe Bin. at the outer end of the Pilot Hill, t am awaiting the arrival of some pipe fittings to complete this work. The quantity ot water supplied to shipping was I76,MV gallons. The balance-sheet for the year jrU presented, and It was ordered that It He on the table for the next month. ' On the motion of Messrs Hodel -ind Toll It was decided that the chairman be the returning officer for the extras ordinary election and also for the an nual election in June. -? Mr Ogden at last meeting had given notice of the following motion:— 'That It Is desirable to Institute a dual man agement Jn. connection with the Board's works by which the mechanical section shall be kept separate.' When the mo: tion was called on Mr Ogdea sold he would like to see It held over. He wanted to be quite fair, and as they hod already, held over certain corres pondence In connection with tbe engi neer's position,' he thought It advisable to let this motion stand over. He would certainly have to say things which' would look like prejudicing Mr Bttni's case. It might not be Us (the ?peaker't) privilege to come back to tbe mwunp. on he hod to face an election the next day, but would oak leave to poitnone the motion. Seconded by Mr HodeJ-sB.a ?carried. Mr Ogden suggeitiril; that, when the Board hod the crusher working they might provide metal for a porflon ot the road near tho Jetty. In reply to tho Hon; E. H. T. Plant, the Chairman stated that the new gas buoy for the fairway had been ordered by the Government, but there was no news as to the date of arrival. In reply to Mr Cummins, the Chair man said that Judgment was reserved In th» law suit between the Board and the Ecolllsh Shire Line. -The position was that the Shire Company had en tered a defence that they had not con trol of the vessel when the damage waB done. The Board then applied to the Full Court as demurrer to argue that that was not a defence, and when that wae settled It would practically settle the case. . This concluded the business of 'the meeting.  ANOTHER WARNING The cyclone season is making its approach, and another tropi- cal disturbance is announced as having formed to the north, and now travelling south. Year after year these convulsions of nature have manifested themselves, on many occasions with disastrous effect, and unfortunately at times have come upon the community without any warning. So serious is this subject that when the Commonwealth Meteorologist (Mr. Hunt) visited Cairns some months ago, a deputation from the Chamber of Commerce, con- sisting of prominent commercial and shipping men, waited upon him to urge the establishment of a meteorological station in North Queensland, so that storm warn- ings would be received with grea- ter expedition, and the commun- ity at large given reasonable no- tice of the approach of tropical disturbances. It will be remem- bered that Mr. Hunt, at that in terview, dealt with the subject from many points of view, but was not apparently seized with the grim importance of the fact that through these cyclones more men had been drowned between Thursday Island and Townsville to the square mile than along any other portion of the vast coastline of Australia. His re- marks in general left the deputa- tion little to be grateful for, and he blankly refused to establish a meteorological station at Cairns or any other port in the Far North. Since then more than one ship-master, trading to Nor- thern waters, has taken this mat- ter up strongly, and the Towns- ville and Cairns Chambers of Commerce are still actively agit- ating for some better means of storm warnings. In a letter to the Press, Captain Irvine, who went through the memorable cy- clone off Cairns in January last, said : 'The Australian ship mas- ters are no more anxious to meet hurricanes than the meteorolog- ist, and they would like to keep from them as far away as he does but unfortunately they cannot, and that is just exactly why the Cairns Chamber of Commerce as- ked him for a station in the cy- clone belt. They did not ask him to transfer the station from Brisbane, as he informed the Press they had done. They ask- ed on behalf of the seamen, the travelling public, the North Queensland people, and Austral- ians at large, that a competent meteorologist be sent to the cyclone belt to study these hur- ricanes. When discussing the matter with the Cairns Chamber of Commerce, Mr. Hunt said that if a meteorological station were established at Cairns, and tele- graphic communication were cut off, the place would be ineffective He also mentioned that wireless would play an important part in storm warnings in future. Out of Mr. Hunt's own words there aris- es one solution of the difficulty. Granted that telegraphic lines are down in a hopeless tangle all over the country, and communi- cation with the North shut off, why not establish a northern meteorological station with a wireless equipment ? Thursday Island has a wireless station, so has Cooktown. Let the same be established by the Federal Gov- ernment at Townsville and Cairns and there will be ample warning given of the approach of storms. Regarding the present disturb- ance which has manifested itself over the Gulf of Carpentaria the Meteorological Department has with promptitude, forwarded ur- gent warnings to Northern cen- tres, but Mr. Hunt and his officers have only to thank the telegraph service for that. Once the lines are down, the Meteorological De- partment in Brisbane and Mel- bourne will be impotent to promptly advise Northern resid- ents of the approach of danger. The situation demands a North ern meteorological station, fully equipped and in charge of an ex- pert. In the words of Captain Irvine, 'There is hardly a family in North Queensland that has not even its share to the death roll of the cyclone at sea or on land. If blood is the price of the met- eorological station, then we have bought it fairly.' In conclusion, setting aside for the moment the question of communication by land lines, or by wireless, the re- marks of that renowned meteoro- logical adviser, Mr. Clement Wragge, are worth noting : 'I guarantee that if I were resident either at Cairns, Townsville, Bowen, Mackay, or Rockhampton during the hurricane season, with my own private instruments not a storm should slip through my fingers without most ample warning being given. I am very decidedly of opinion that in ex- isting circumstances, a special weather bureau should be estab- lished in North Queensland, say at Cairns or Townsville, entirely independent of Commonwealth control, and the sooner it is done the better. Surely Queensland will listen to my voice!' .  TWEATHER WARNBING STATRONS To the Editor. Sir,-Withl much surprise I read a?para graph in a Melbourne paper of the 17th. inst. to the effect that Senator slaughan lad re quested in the Senate that "a more efficient system of weather-warnnig stations should be established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast." He might have added, "and the northern coast of Wratern Australia." In this connection I would ask what has happened to the complete chain of observing stations that 1 equipped -with the very best instruments which London could produce when I was in charge cof the Queensland Meteoroloitcal service; and what about the stations from which I used to receiv' daily data between Gereidton and Pcrt Darwin. on the figures from which I used to notify the approach of "willie wil lic";' in the North-West, in the inter&es of the pearling fleet? I was the more sur prised on reading that Mr. Hunt has com pl1.ted arrangements which will make Bris bane an up-to-date meteorological station, equipped 1with instruments made specially to suit- ithe northern climate. For 16 years I was the head of the Queensland weather rervice. and during that time I estab'Wshed theire (as Mr. Robert. Philp, a former Pre mier, admitted) 'a treteorologirutL aid. wea ther-warning system second to none in the world." 'I11e Brisbane station was first class in evsry respect when I had charge. Storms were "warned" and forecasts issue:l by me that were verified to 95 per cent. in eccurney, andi not only was this done for Quccnsl'and, but for every part of Austfa ;asia. as the people will remember. A:nd all this on an annual vote of £1,500, as erainst the £22,010 (I believe) now expend ed by the Federal Weather Bureau. The Koombana went down, and so dikl the Yongala, and not a word of warning was given. Mr. Hunt talks of instruments spe cia'ly suited to the northern climate. Stand ard instruments such as I employed and fixed in pcsition over the whole of Queens land, including the Cape York Peninsula and the far West, are available all the world over, and the sooner the Minister in charge realises this the better it will be for the public and shipping.-Yours, etc., CLEMENT L. WPAGGE, Lately Government Meteorologist of Queenslaml. Aucki nd (N-Z.), September 22.  FROM VARIOUS SOURCES Running a country newspaper is not all sunshine.' A rural editor gives the following hint: — 'The fellow who can play billiards, smoke cigars, have six penny drinks, shout for others, trip it to Sydney, go to the races, etc., should not overlook the fact that he owes us a couple of quid.' 'D'yer see that there old cove com m ouier juues yuu: lewumeu iuo way-back leg-puller to a new arrival. ?'Well, 'e's the champeun boozer ov this locality. He's been drunk fur a quarter ov a century, an' if 'e wos ter wake up some mornin' an' find 'imself sober I do believe the shock would kill 'im. Twelve months ago 'e wos bitten by a tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too.' 'Did the man die?' the new chum asked. 'No,' replied the bushman, 'but the snake got blind paralytic drunk.' Beauty is only skin deep, but curves j is curves. 'The Secret of Smart Dress,' runs 1 a headline in a contemporary. Some of the costumes we have seen recently j j had1 nothing secret about them at all. j I 'Johanna' tells this one in the 'Bul- letin' — An exalted military gentleman in Melbourne found himself beset by an untidy young woman of about 25 in a suburban street the other morn ing. 'You're ? , ain't you? Well, Bill can't ^o to the war.' 'My good woman, I ? ' 'I tell yeh straight. Bill can't go to the war, an' 'e won't, so there. Bill's engaged t' me; then he goes and enlists t' fight, the Ger mans. Well, he won't go, see. He's said he'll marry me, 'n' he ain't goin' t' get off so easy. I give you my word.' Can't you picture Bill in a snow-filled trench, with a bullet in his neck, getting off easy? All men are born free and equal, but the majority of them marry later on. Of troubles connubial, jars and di vorce. This, we believe, is the fruitfullest - source; A man falls in love with a dimple or curl, Then foolishly marries the entire girl. There was a man in our town ' And he was wondrous small. He bought a big barometer And put it in the hall. And when the mercury went down 1 Because of wind and rain, I He climbed on the umbrella stand Ar,H chmmil if nn np-nin I If everybody on earth spoke the truth and nothing but the truth for . twenty-four hours, we should find our selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution the world has ever known. Last week (writes 'Gossip,' of the 'Stock and Station Journal') I had two schoolboys staying with me, who were on their way from Bedale's School, in Petersfield, Hants, to Scot land. I took them to all the things we had time for, including the 'White City,' and the play of 'Grumpy,' at the New Theatre. They had the time of their lives. We visited the Tower of London, and they saw the 'Traitor's Gate,' the site of the scaffold where people used to be shortened, the idle soldiers, the ancient 'Beefeaters,' and all the armor and the guns and swords and crossbows, and weapons, of mur der. 'They were greatly interested, and when we came out I said, 'Now, boys, what- interested you most about the Tower? What is the strongest im pression that you bring away from the old place?' The bigger and older of the two (nearly 15) said: — 'Well, my strongest impression, after seeing all the armor and the weapons of war is that the people of those times were fools.' Before I had time to express my views! the younger one said, 'Well, we're bigger fools now.' 'Amen,' said I to that, and then we talked! 'Northerner' writes: — Anent the drnueht. the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain which promises that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer , comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time nnv nlacR north of Townsvllle which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact ? remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti-. cyclones which spell rain ? for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Davwm have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it. ,  Weather Forecasting. in — EXPERTS SCEPTICAL OF MR. WRAGGL ' Mr. Clement Wrajiajbas Johsed Issue with the Commonwealth Meteorologist (Mr. E. A. Hunt) again, this time with regard to the recent cyclone which playn] such havoc on the nortfe wcjil coast ol ibis continent, and proved so disastrous to shipping, Mr. Wrtgge sars that If tbe Queensland Weataer Bureau, of which he was, prior to Federation, the chief, was etlll In eilitenco, add forecasta wore Issued (rr,m Brisbane, instead ox from ueinourne, aa ol presen-, three days' warning at leaat could uav« b- clvei of tha cycloot on die other sldo of -Ju col tlncnt. Th? dtviilc-Dil offlcer for New South Wales (Mr. TVIlaon! of the Commonwealth Weather Bureau, told u 'Krealng News' reporter this morning that, like bis ckiet, Mr. Huat, ha did not wish lo enter Into a controversy with Mr. Wragga, but the latter was ttrtainty Uiklas) at random. Mr. Wragga wostd bar* beta In. ?he saa- fx If he had received no data through telegraphic Interruption. Along Ue coaatlla* Condon, Cossack. Nullarlne, Onslaw, Winning Tool, Oaraavon, Haoelln Pool, (Mraldton, and Perth wen each equipped wlUi a mercurial Mronrter, rain-gauge, maximum, mlabnuat, dry, and wet tbermoineler, and aneroid baro^ meter. 'Careful reading of the aneroid baro meter record alone would snow.' said Mr. Wilson, 'that the storm was coming, and allow ot warning being given locally.'  A STORMY NIGHT SHIPPING DISASTERS. ANOTHER SHIP AGROUND Port Victoria, March 13. Last night was the roughest night ex- perienced here for years. A strong south-west gale was blowing all night, and ships had a very anxious &nbsp; time. The schooner Black Albatross dis- appeared a few minutes after the crew &nbsp; were rescued last night. Only the mast and bowsprit are visible. A ship's boat from the General de Sonis has just come ashore. The second mate reports that the ship dragged her anchors last night during the gale, and touched bottom at 8 o'clock. She is now fast on a sandy bottom, but making no water. She is within 700 yards of Port Victoria jetty. A tug will be required to refloat her, and she may have to lighten part of her cargo. She has 35,920 bags of wheat aboard, shipped by Messrs. Dreyfus and Co., for the Channel. She completed loading last Saturday. She is a ship drawing 21 ft. aft, and she is lying in 19 ft. 6 in. of water, with a good tide, on an even keel, and upright. The captain is in Adelaide. &nbsp; WRECKAGE WASHED ASHORE. POSITION OF VESSEL UNCHANGED. Port Victoria March 13 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; A considerable quantity of 'wreckage from the schooner Black Albatross was &nbsp; washed up on the beach to-day. The masts and the deck carried away, and the re &nbsp; &nbsp; maining portion of the hull is totally submerged. &nbsp; &nbsp; There is every probability of having to &nbsp; lighter a large quantity of the cargo &nbsp; from General De Sonis before it will be &nbsp; possible to refloat her. The vessel is in &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; the same position. There is 17ft. of water &nbsp; forward and the vessel has a list to port. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; The Jean Bart's position is unaltered. The &nbsp; &nbsp; Mcintyre, Capella, John Lewis, Yatala and Lucknow. weathered the storm success fully &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; SHIP MAY BE REFLOATED On 'Thursday morning, the president of &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; The Marine Board (Mr. A.Searcy) was advised by the, harbormaster at Port &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Victoria that the General de Sonis had &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; dragged her anchor during Wednesday night, and was aground in 19 ft. of'water. The vessel is a French barque, of, 1,913 &nbsp; tons net register, and is fully laden with &nbsp; wheat. Her master. Captain de Flaud came to Port Adelaide from Port Victoria on Wednesday evening, in compány with Captain le Flock, of the Jean Bart, the &nbsp; other French barque which has met with misfortune at Port Victoria. As soon as Captain Flaud had transacted necessary &nbsp; business with his agents in Adelaide he &nbsp; left the city by motor car for his vessel, which it was understood,was on the bot- tom astern. The spot at which she was touching was of a sandy character. A mes- &nbsp; sage from the ship agent at Port Victoria stated that the vessel was making no water. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Messrs. L. Dreyfus & Co, of Wàymouth street, stated on Thursday morning that &nbsp; they had received advice concerning the grounding of the General de Sonis. They were informed that the vessel was lying on a sandy bottom, and was in no danger. It was expected that lightering operations would soon enable the ship to be refloated BARQUE DRAGS ITS ANCHORS The agents for the barque William Mit- &nbsp; chell (Messrs. Dreyfus & Co.) received in- formation on Thursday morning, that dur ing Wednesday night's storm in the gulf the vessel dragged her anchors while Iying &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; near the Wallaroo jetty. No damage was . done, but some delay will be caused in connection with the loading operations THE BLACK ALBATROSS &nbsp; Confirmatory news relative to the wreck &nbsp; of the Black Albatross has been received &nbsp; &nbsp; by the Marine Board. The Harbormaster &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; at Port Victoria telegraphed &nbsp; &nbsp; on Thursday that this vessel was wrecked close to the beacon and had broken up, All hands were saved, said the message.. &nbsp; There are two vessels named the Albatross &nbsp; &nbsp; trading in and out of Port Adelaide. One is painted white and the other black. The latter, is the one that is wrecked. She is known as the Black Albatross. Her owners are, Messrs R Fricker and D.Deex, Port Adelaide. The vessel which is about 80 tons net &nbsp; &nbsp; register, is partly insured in the &nbsp; &nbsp; South British Insurance Company. When she was aground she was on a voyage from. Port Adelaide to PortVictoria with a cargo of 100 tons of superphosphate She left Port Adelaide on March 6, in charge of Captain C. Anderson, who had &nbsp; three seamen with him. It is understood that the vessel,which was valued as £1,ooo, is a total wreck. She was built in New Zealand. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; DAMAGE AT GLENELG. VALUABLE YACHTS WRECKED. The storm did considerable damage at SIenclg, where one of the highest tides .ver known there was registered. - During the night two boats, which were moored on the south side of the jetty; broke from their moorings and were car ned. through the jetty and smashed against the 'piles of the baths. Messrs. Jenkinson ¿D3 Tomlmson's valuable 18-ffc. boat, the Bpbby, was broken completely in halves, and the Kiandra, which 'belongs to Mr, K. G Smith (eecrctary of -the' Glene'g Sailing Club) was smashed to pieces. The Bobby was worth about £80 and the Kiandra not less than £50. Both are damaged beyond repair. The .Perseverance, the Koo Aoo, and several dinghys went ashore, but were not damaged. Some 20 ft. of the shop veran- dah adjoining the Jetty Hotel was blown down, and several fences were levelled by the force of the wind. A WARNING TO SHIPPING 'HIGH OPERA" ROUND THE COASTS WHEN "DIMON" COMES ALONG. &nbsp; Mr Clement L. Wragge has further ter- rors in store for the people of South Aus- tralia when his fearsome storm "Pluto" has passed quite away. Late last night he issued the following picturesque forecast of the weather for the next week or so: "The energetic disturbance 'Pluto' will now affect the entire region between Syd ney, Gabo Island, Tasmania, and New Zea- land, and Adelaide will have finer weather under the gradual approach of relatively higher pressure. Yet 'Agamemnon' is looming up over oceanic areas south-west from the Leeuwin, and will surely affect this fair State later on, as already advised. An ugly-looking monsoonal depression, named 'Dimon' is hanging off the north- west coast north from Shark Bay, and we would. earnestly caution shipping in that locality to be on the alert. He will pro bably affect also the Northern Territory &nbsp; with rain and generally enervating con &nbsp; ditions, and may later send a tongue or &nbsp; extension into central Australia. If Agamemnon' and 'Dimon' ultimately &nbsp; coaleace, as seems,not improbable, electric &nbsp; disturbance is sure to result. In fact ere a fortnight has elapsed we expect that high opera will be. in progress around the sides and segments of the anti-cyclonic and &nbsp; cyclonic systems. Some people imagine that meteorology is a study dry as dust. &nbsp; It is nothing of the sort, it is all music from bass to treble, as the winds sweep in &nbsp; rhythm round the .contouring and gra- &nbsp; dients of the isobars. More anon." , WEATHER OFFICE REPORTS. ' The Weather Office reported at noon, on Thursday:-"The Antarctic disturbance winch was noted on yesterday's weather chart covering tbe whole of South Aus- tralia and centred to the south of Kan- garoo Island, has, during the past 24 hours, considerably increased in energy. Strong north-westerly winds were experi- enced at first, but as the depression moved to the eastward the winds veered to very strong and squally south-westerlies, and &nbsp; showery ' weather- set in over, the settled areas. This morning's bulletin shows &nbsp; that the falls were chiefly light in the upper north, but over the lower north, and southern districts the amounts were heavier. A number of stations regis- tered more than half an inch, while over the eastern side of the Mount Lofty &nbsp; Ranges several places gauged over an inch. The highest fall was 133 points at &nbsp; Mount .Barker. The disturbance is now centred to the east of Tasmania, and barometers in this State were rapidly rising under the influence of an approaching high-pressure, system. - Fresh and squally south-westerly s winds 'and some passing showers may be expected at- first, chiefly in the south and south-east, but weather condition's will quickly moderate and be come fine, generally." ' &lt; &nbsp; J'Tbe »"p^ji, report.etated:f-"Althougb at ripmee.-to-day. the^ndftidns wet*e Üihrea tèn^ .(ing^no rain fell," and except .at a few places ¡iç^the storth, rwhçrervery light rain fell, similar/weather -was,experienced through ? oat the- State! TThe cool winds blowing" from the southern quarter kept the tem- peratures, low,J._he ' Adelaide maximum. .readingjWas-68.2. degrees and the,minimum ~~AJS$ "degrees. "The Antarctic"' disturbancer situated south of thi«'State on yesterday's map, as'shown centred over the-southern side"-of Tasmania on th» morning's' chart, 'its energy having greatly increased, bring- ing' very unsettled weather to those paris and also influencing -the -conditions'.in this State.' To the iwestward, hovrever, a high pressure'system,is shown, which during the ' day'has advanced towards'this State, our barometers rising under its influence. 'With these conditions further clearing showers are likely, chiefly-in'the south and south , east. Otherwise the weather -will be fine."  THE LOSS-OF T'HE EOOM1B4? A. To the Editor. Sir,-I take it as a very great compli ment, and one that I fully appreciate, that Captain C. H. Watson has thought it worth while to reply to my letter of the 4th ult. Captain Watson. from his training and also actual experience of the willy-willies of our North-West coast, is fully competent to gtoe a reasonable view of what really took place, causing the loss of the a.s. Koombana. I purposely refrained from any remarks as to the course the Koombana took, excepting the one item from Port Hiedland, that when last seen she was steaming right into the north-east gale, and from that I came to the safbe conclusion as Captain Watson, that she really ran right into the centre of the cyclone, and being subject to the terrific force of the convulsions of Nature was destroyed. The real point, to my mind, was that it was an error of judgment on the part of the captain, in leaving Port Hedland, with a low barometer. and with all the indica tions of a storm before him. But there is also this to be considered. If Captain Al len had remained at anchor at Port Hedland and the Koombana had been driven ashore there and wrecked, the probabilities are that.he would have lost his certificate, har ing acted against the Board of Trade regu lations or instructions, which, I believe, re quire a captain tuder certain circumstances to make with all speed for the open sea. Professionally and theoretically, I believe poor Captain Allen acted rightly, in putting to sea when he did. but practically it was all wrong, and here conmes in the folly of laying down hard and fast rules for navi gators, and penalising them if they act upon their own judgment, if that judgment bh contrary to rule, and does not succeed. Thu result in this case is that owing to circum stances over which he had no control, Cap tain Allen took the risk and lost his life, his certificate, as well as his ship, passengers, and crew. Personally, I do not approve of the system of, as it w.ere, terrorising mat ter mariners with the threat that if they lose their vessel, ipso facto, they also lose their certificate, and consequently with that. their means of livelihood. Such a tenor is apt to warp the judgment of the most quick witted and clearminded of men. I am glad to see that Captain Watson agrees with me that the barometer requires to be kept under constant observation. Now there is a point I should like to emphasise. and that is ib reference to the use of the mercurial in conjunction with the aneroid barometer. I consider these two baro meters should be plaeed together. the one acting as a check on the other. I consider of the two the aneroid is-the more usefat as it will frequently indicate a change 24 hours before the mercurial, but owing to its delicate mechanism the aneroid is apt to get out of order, while as a matter of fact the mercurial, though slowdr, is more reliable, owing to its struetre, and its chief utility is really in acting as a check against the aneroid. I arnm in accord wih .Captain Watson in his remarks-about Mr. Wragge's forec . I think our Government would be acting wisely and in the interest.of the shipping on our coast. if Mr. Wragge walappointed to take chae e of the Perth Obarvatory. I think this feeling-is-pretty general. Some times I have beard remarks dispaging Mr. Wragge's forecasts, but even supposing he is not always right, we must remoembe he is not infallible. All that he does i.. simply to deducefrom certain premises proh able-onseq. unes, in other words. forecasts from data obtained. That his fore casts hare proved valuable in the past, T think no one-can in truth dena. We could. therefore. reasonably expect tbht his war ings in tie future would he of service in savingnlfeantd psnenty.--VFnu. etc.. GuildfIord, July'S. P. A. GUGýI  FROM VARIOUS SOURoES Running a country'newspaper is not all sunshine. A rural editor gives the following hint:-"The fellow . who can play billiards, smoke cigars, have six penny drinks, shout !or others, trip it to Sydney, go to the races, etc., should not overlook the fact that he owes us a couple of quid." "D'yer see that there old cove corn in' outer Jones' Dub?" remarked the way-back leg-puller to a new arrival, "Well, 'e's the champeun boozer ov this locality. He's been drunk fur a quarter ov a century, an' if 'e wos ter wake up some mornin' an' find 'imself sober I do believe the shock would kill 'imr Twelve months ago 'e wos bitten by a tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too." "Did the man die?" the new chum asked. "No," replied the bushman, "but the snake got blind paralytic drunk." Beauty is only skin deep, but curves is curves. ."The Secret of Smart Dress," runs a headline in a contemporary. Some of the costumes we have seen recently had nothing secret about them at all. "Johanna" tells this one in the "Bul letin"-An exalted military gentleman in Melbourne found himself beset by an untidy young woman of about 25 in a suburban street the other morn ing. "Yon're-, ain't you? Well, Bill can't go to the war." "My good woman, I- " "I tell yeh straight. Bill can't go to 'the war, an' 'e won't, so there. Bill's engaged t' me; then he goes and enlists t' fight the Ger mans. Well, he won't go, see. He's said he'll marry me, 'n' he ain't goin' t' get off so easy. I give you my word." Can't' you picture Bill in a snow-filled trench, with a bullet in his neck, getting off easy? All men are born free and equal, I but the majority of them marry later on. Of troubles connubial, Jars and di vorce, This, we believe, is the fruitfullest source; A man falls in love with a dimple or curl, Then foolishly marries the entire girl. There was a man in our town And he was wondrous small. He bought a big barometer And put it in the hall. And when the mercury went down Because of wind and rain, ile climbed on the umbrella stand And shoved it up again. If everybody on earth spoke the truth and nothing but the truth for twenty-four hours, we should find our selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution the world has ever known. Last week (writes "Gossip," of the "Stock and Station Journal") I had two schoolboys staying with me, who were on their way from Bedale's School, in Petersfield Hants, to Scot land. I took them to all the things we had time for, ificluding the "White City," and the play of "Grumpy," at the New Theatre. They had the time of their lives. We visited the Tower of London, and they saw the "Traitor's Gate," the site of the scaffold where people used to be shortened, the idle soldiers, the ancient "Beefeaters," and all the armor and the guns and swords and crossbows, and weapons, of mur der. They were greatly interested, and when we came out I said, "Now, boys, what interested you most about the Tower? What is the strongest im pression that you bring away from the old place?" The bigger and older ef the two (nearly 15) said:-"Well, my strongest impression, after seeing all the armor and the weapons of war is that the people of those times were fools." Before I bad time to express my views, the younger one said. "Well, we're bigger fools now." "Amen," said I-to that, and then we talked! "Northerner" writes:-Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of.the rain which promises that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it.  WEATHER CYCLES AND COMETS. Mr. W. H. Webb, of Bathurst, writ, ing to the 'Herald,' says: Early in March Mr.. T. \V, Keele gave an in- .. tcresting account of. his, investigations 'dn' weather cycles, and, .quoted from ? the Bible in s'upport of his theory that 'the 171-year cycle is the true period icity.' He studied tho Darling River and Lake George flood records, and from the latter says: 'It clearly shows a period of 57 years.' From 'the an nual inundations of the Nile as far back as 1736 and up to 1903. ... it be came eyideh't' that its period must be either 114. years or 171' years.' Then he quotes the late Mr. Symons on Bri tish rainfall, showing 57 years, and his torical events from Waif ord's and oth er catalogues' as showing 171 years as thoi 'regular intervals.' Concern ing the 171 years' cycle I wrote some time ago 'that life Was too short to worry over a 171 years' cycle, and I ob serve that Mr. T. E. Willis is of the same opinion. It is interesting to soe that Mr. Keele admits that 'there were evidences that some mysterious influence affected the weather ev-vy 19 years.' When I first read of Mr. Keele's 171 years' cycle, sorn-i months ago, I wondered whether be tver ' 'thought of a peculiarity in his '?ru'tings viz., that all of his arguments H/rput ' the 19 yoars' cycle, so ably woikiul out for some time by the late Mr. Kifs^'ell, ' inasmuch as he names a 57 years cy cle, which is reall ythrec periods of iq yoars, and his 171 years cy-te is also three periods, but of 7 ?y.'ars, and nine of the 19 years' ryde. I alwavs believe in looking at the bright side of things, henco shortly after reading Mr. Clement Wragge's alarming statement published on' Sep-i tembcr 11, 190S, that 'the lainfall in Australia will now fall off, but the'; coming drought will probablv not be so sovcre as the last,' in January, of 1909, when I had completed some in vestigations after several months of very dry weather, I wrote that good rains were not far oft Onlv a few davs later oxcellont rams fell, January finishing with 370 points in Bathurst, and the vcar turning out one of the best for nino years, not only here, but all over the State. It is now just 12 months since I wrote regretting that the Commonwealth Meteorology De partment did not publish the valuable \ information that the late Mr. Russell used to give, and, as people vyqre com plaining bitterly about the dry spell then prevailing, especially about Sydney and the South Coast, both be ing about one-third short, the Hunter :and Manning ono quarter short, the 'central west slopes the same short, the north coast one-tenth, and south tableland one-twelfth short, I said thai some of thorn might reasonably expect early relief. Every one of these had magnificent rains, and finished up the year 1909 with great increases. . And since then greater rains -have fallen, even to scvore floods, in several parts, and waterspouts have been seen on the ocean. The important question to now con sider is: What is probable after tho fearful downpours ' in Europe, on the ocean, and in some parts of Australia? The long dry spells since March 12 last, when 114 points fell, and only 4' points on April 18, and 11 on April 24, together with severe frosts, and good threatenings, but all going away, and other bad signs, one is reluctantly j compelled to feel that some 'mysteri- I ous influence' is at work interfering I with the 19 years' cycle, and that pos- . I sibly Mr. Clement W!ragge's drought .1 has commenced. ? ? j The passing of the stars Venus and Jupiter brought nice rains. The Au rora Australis brought lovely rains. The solar eclipse apparently did noth ing. It is Halley's Comet that we now look to as the cause of the trou ble. The last great comet ? that we remember was- that of 1SS1. The year 1880 was a drought, -and that continued until 1S86; and. thousands of live stock died in this 'State and ? Queens land. Creeks dried up about Bathurst and Orange that vyere' never known dry before. It has been said that it is '74 years since Halley's Comet ' ap peared until now. That takes us bacl: to 1S36 (it appeared in 1835)- As * boy I well remember my late grandfa ther ofton speak of the fearful drought of 1S39. It was long and bad, and, as we usually speak of them from tho close, it is most likely to have started about 1S35. As severe droughts followed the ap pearance of tho comets in 1S35 and 1SS1, we fear it may be a dry time dur ing the next two or three years, not withstanding the fact that the S^ southern anti-cyclonic belt is in tno rainy season. We have had the as urance of Mr. Wragge that the drought will not be so severe as the last; hence wo .can rest assured that the country ill survive.it.  THE BRISBANE COURIER. FRIDAY, JANUARY 28, 1914. It is expected that 4000 bags of potatoes from the South will be landed in Brisbane, to-day. The name of the town of Nelson has been altered to Gordonvale The body of Albert Horne, who was wanted by the police in connection with the Lutwyche murder was found in Breakfast Creek, near Herston yesterday, the throat having been cut almost from ear to ear. No bullet wounds were found. Annette Palmer aged 18 years, resid- ing with her parents at Bulimba, is sup- posed to have committed suicide on Wed- nesday night by drowning herself in the Brisbane River, near the Hawthorne Ferry. Preliminary steps were taken yesterday towards sending an Australian rifle team to the Bisley meeting this year. Queens- land will have two representatives in the team. Brookes Wilding, Dunlop, and S. N. Doust have been chosen as the Australa- sian team for the Davis Cup contests. The Bundaberg Ambulance Brigade's new two-story brick building elected at a cost of £3400 was opened free of debt yesterday, the ceremony being performed by the Hon John White (Minister for Agriculture). At a meeting in Townsville last evening it was proposed to endeavour to raise sufficient money to establish a meteoro- logical station for North Queensland dur- ing the cyclone months and engage Mr. Clement L. Wragge. ihe total iinount eubscnlicd for the V letorian 4 per cent loan of £ 1,000 000 waa £4,540,700 Hie body of nhomas Reeks, a native of Sydney, fourth engineer ou the steamer Sccolia, was found in a disused pit near iVolvcrhampton, with several bullet wounds, and it is ¡nipp-ascd to be a case of nnirtler. Tho sunken submarine A7 hal been found in 23 fathoms of water, and pre- parations nie being uiado to raise her. 'JUic Queen Victoria Memorial Fund has been closed with the total at £325,000. Tubutcs of mourning are general throughout Canada m connection with tho death of Jaord Strathcona. A French dancing muster is suing Car- dinal Araetto for £4000 damages on ac- count of the caidmal's condemnation of the tango dance. ' lile oxecutrw* of the Federation of Trades! in South Afnen has decided to de- clare the guncinl strike off "until fiuther notice. " i 'JL'lio principal ballot was at a meeting lof minéis, tit which tho voting ivas 4« to 41 ni iuvoui of deelaimg tho btnke over. Tliu engine«-, voted in favour of remain- ing on stiikc. The executive of tho Federation of iVaUcs has leviuested permission ot the autliontie-s to hold a meeting of the Èenorat council .it the Jouaiiuesburg J-iades Hall on Sunduv morning. Work is to bo icopened at the ratlway woikshops at Pi etona on January 28.  I Nr. Predictions I From A.F..B-, Cottesloe:-In an article on the son spot theory Mr. Wrasse said: "It takes the son just ' about three and a half years to get I from the time of its lower energy to i the time of its highest energy, and I then the opposite change gradually I begins. Ton will reach the crest of ) the wave about 1904, good seasons I will probably embrace 1906 and part: I of 1907. Then, if yon axe wise, you i will be prepared to see the seasons* I gradually grow drier. With, the dis I appearance of the sun spots at last, I within 1912-13 you will probably i reach the climax in another drought, ' bat not so severe as the last one. i "Many foolish folk will cry once ' more, 'Oh, old Wragge is mad!' I I am barely in my prime, but I shall not quarrel with them over my age or my knowledge. Let them go on thinking that my brain is as strlp I pied as the plums in 'spotted dog.' What does it matter? I have spoken the truth, and, ever remember, there is no higher religion. "Well, watch and prove my theor- ies for yourselves. The son .will soon be in the height of his energy-In the zenith of his valuable career, with bis gigantic cyclones and anti-cyclones In full play. Watch the papers and the cablegrams, and you will surely read of heavy disturbances, rains, floods and gales all over the world, espe- cially in Australia, New Zealand. Tasmania and Antarctica.''  ANCHISES AND HIS SON.I MR. WRAGGE PROMISES RAIN. ! Writing from Morgan on Sunday 'even- ing, Mt. Clement L. W-rasge bays: "Briefly surveying meteorological aftairs to-night, we find that disturbance Tro- jan' (finît warned on April 28), having fiddled properly off the coasts of ttie eastern Sta.es, and played havoc with the steamers St. Albans and Burwah, is still carousing over the Tasman Sea. and very seriously threatening New Zea- land. Lord Howe Island will long re- member him. In fact the Dominion, as we write, will be under the influence ot his' sinister umbra. It is as if old Troy were making a big stand against» the, le- gions of the crafty Greek; aud old Father Anchases, still awaiting bis opportunity off the Leeuwin, means to have a good finger in the pie. He will be followed by the dougbty ißneas which, basing oar calculations on rhytlimie and har- monic law, should now be running the easting down in the neighborhood at Kerguelen Island. But ¡people are more immediately concerned with Anchise*. Weil, he is coming-make no mistake about it-and fudging from the contour- ing of the anti-cyclonic or high pres- sure isobars, he looks more prorndsmg with respect to rain than when we first gave notice of ^bis existence five days ago. Captain*; bound west wiD. have to face the music to a dead certainty, and will encounter heavy northeriieR to westerlies, especially in higher latitudes, and thereafter the winds will shift to south-Tvest and south and blow, great guns, particulariv south from the for- tieth parallel. Now mark-and we very urgently advise the eastern States-the conditions just intimated wiD especially affect Melbourne and Southern Victoria, the whole of Tasmania, Sydney, and the entire coast of New South Wales. Brisbane will get heavy westerlies. Not only so, but a renewal of heavy weather is as sure as God made apples over the Tasman Sea and New Zealand, and all tins before May expires. It only re- mains for the present wall of / high pressure to gire way-as yield it must and then look out for squalls and the prowess of Anchises. More rain will probaibry fall in South Australia than was at first expected, and 'the eastern States.wiH have enough of it ere the time limit expires. Lunar tides impell- ing Ancniises wiH be a prominent fac- tor, yet all this notwithstanding the pre- sent year should show an under average rainfall, especially in inland parts, in accordance with our published seasonal forecasts, but' not ao bad as 1912. The public will please remember that these advices are based on our own isolated observations and travelling instruments, comlbmed with long experience in meteo- rological diagnosis, and on a survey ot the -daily weather chart« which have* fre- quently an 'erroneous contouring and winch have_ to be corrected. Had we the data and mptruments possessed by" the present Weather Bureau, ninety-nine out of every hundred daily forecasts would be correct, and at lesss than half the pre- sent official cast. Such is a fact."  The following appeared in our Second Edition yesterday. I QUEENSLAND WEATHER STATIONS.. I i Mr. Wragge's Work. | " . To the Editor.— Sir.— A paragraph ap peared in ia' Melbourne paper of- the 17th instant, , which stated that Senator Maughan had requested in . the Senate that "a more efficient system of weather warning stations should he established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland . coast." In this conncctfou I would ai;i> what has happened to the most complete chains oi observing stations, that 1 per sonally established there, and equipped with the best instruments that Loudon can produce, when I was in charge oi the .Queensland meteorological service ? I read further that Mr. Hunt has "com pleted arrangements that will make Bris bane en up-to-date meteorological sta tion, equipped with instruments specially inade to suit the northern climate. Surely there is such a tiling as justice in Aus tralia, and that sacred cause may allow me to speak. Has the best of my life's work, gone for nothing? For Hi! ycilrs I was head of the Queensland Meteorological Department, anil during that time. I established as was admitted, . , " a meteorological and weather warn- ing system, second to none in the world." The Brisbane station was first- class in every respect, when I had charge, and-' in ignoring this, a cruel wrong has been done to me. Is all mv work; faith fully done,: to the last item under most trying circumstances, to be thus nega tived, and not a word of credit accorded in my declining years 7 Storms were warned,'1 and . forecasts issued by me that were verified at 'J5tper cent iu accuracy, and hot only was this done, for Queensland; hut for every '.part of Australasia, as llie people will 'remem ber. And a" this on an annual/, vote"; of £1,500, as against £22,000 (I .believe), now expended by the federal - weather Ihtreau.".' What do they do with the money 7 The tooinbana went down, and so did. llie Yon-.aia, without a word of warning by the Commonwealth rtietcorologist, who- a 'few days ago performed cruelly gro tesque experiments m Melbourne, sliowine how tlie latter steamer foundered. . Mr. Hunt talks of instruments specially suited . to the northern climate. This is- mere moonshine. ..Standard instruments such 'an. 1 employed and personally fixed in posi tion over the whole of Queensland, .includ ing' Capo, York Peninsula; and the far west, are available all the world over, and tlie sooner the Minister in charge realises this, and asks a tew questions, the better it will he for, a long suffer ing public and, shipping. Let justice he done, though tho heavens fall. Surely Queensland, to which I de voted the best years of my life, j will "sten to mv voice.— Yours. &c.. ULEMENT WRAGGE, F.R.G.S., F.R., Met. Soc., &c.. 'Lnle Government Meteorologist of - Queensland. September 24th, 1913.  MEN I What They Are Doing and Saying . I Current Comment and the Weeks Gossip | from Club land Driver J. Farrell. Pte. C. F. Lockwood. . The tornado which did so much damage at Brighton last Saturday achieved the importance of a visita tion. It wrought as much havoc as the average Zeppelin raid and scarcely lasted as long. Probably its effect was more terrifying than an air raid, because with a few Zeppe lins dotted about- the sky there is some tangible cause for disaster. . Saturday's tornado (we are told it is incorrect to ' call it a cyclone), came like a bolt from the blue, and found the seaside suburbs unprepar ed. No wonder some residents ' jumped to the conclusion that the end of the world had come. There is nothing makes man' feel so impo tent as elemental fury. * * * i 'The trouble appears to have been caused by a clash' between rival at mospheric disturbances. If the In clement Wragge were still with us he would probably have called these disturbances names (as the residents of Brighton have no doubt been do ing). We can conceive him christ ening the disturbances Hughes and Mannix, and building up quite a pretty little allegory out of it. Mr. Hunt is contenting himself with col lecting data regarding the phenom enal One of the' series of questions he put to residents of Brighton was, 'What was the behaviour of your barometer?' We can imagine some wag answering — ' Shocking.' ♦ * * The reassembling of the State Par liament on Tuesday was mainly in teresting owing . to the changes brought about since the last gather ing of that august body. The pass ing of Peacock is, of course, ancient history, but there was a certain amount of interest, in seeing the new. Premier, Mr. Bowser, make his first bow to the House from his recently acquired eniinence. Sir Alex, occu pied a new and less prominent place in tlie House as leader of the corner party. The fact that he has been, '?''put in the corner' does not appear N to have caused him any loss, of sleep, and his laugh (the same which brought joy to the soul of Harry Lauder) is as boisterous as of yore. Age cannot wither nor custom stale his infinite hilarity. t. * + * The session is not likely to hasten . a revolution. , It will be .short and ? (to the new Ministry) sweet, and will mainly concern itself with passing, the estimates and , electing' a chair; man of. committees. The last men tioned business caused more , lively interest, than usual, as there were rival candidates in the field. The new Premier's policy speech, in which various economies were out lined, received a mixed reception. Nothing makes a Government so un popular as economy, but to-day, when the wise State (and equally the wise individual) will save every pennv to meet the exigencies of the . unknown future, Victoria is. lucky in having a man like Mr. Bowser at the helm. * * * A certain Western District squat ter, who gave up woolgrowing to embark on a business enterprise in a neighbouring town, interested him self in local civic matters, and duly became possessed of the mayoral chain and bunny skins, much to the i amusement of a five-year-old son, who regarded his father's new honour as a joke. Soon after the new mayor's election, a fellow townsman rang him up to offer con- . gratulation. Is that - the mayor he queried. 'No,' came back a childish pipe, ' but it is one of the foals.' * # * Cavaliere Eles, our Italian consul, has just advanced to the dignity of the first class of his order by a special decree issued by Baron Sonino, Minister for Foreign Affairs - in Consul Eles' native land. * * » The statements published in ' The Age ' , regarding , the wholesale rejection of mem bers of the A.I.F. in England leave an unpleasant feeling that something is very wrong somewhere. It is stated that A.T.F. headquarters in England is sending back' men who are apparently fitter than the volunteers who are now being accepted in Australia. How long this remarkable state of affairs has existed is not clear, but if the statements made in 'The Age' are correct,' quite a large number of men who ?passed exhaustive medical tests in Australia have enjoyed something in the nature of a world tour, with some weeks in England, and have, been sent back without ever getting within sound of the guns. Of course, it is certain that . some men would find the English climate try ing, but it, seems incredible that any very large number having passed the medical examination here, would be. rendered unfit by the mere change of climate. * * * Having had personal experience of the medical examination in Aus tralia, we feel confident that a very 'small percentage of unfits leak' through, and we . shall await with : considerable interest the full enquiry which . is promised regarding the wholesale .rejections at the other end. We have known one or two cases of 'returned empties' who have appeared to benefit rather than' otherwise from' the sea trip and the taste of camp life. No doubt , there is a very good reason why their ser vices were - not in demand at the other end, but if that kind of thing is going on on ,a large scale, it is high time that steps were taken to clear the matter up. * * * . The discussion at the Prahran Council meeting , regarding the pay ment of £500 a year to the adminis trator of the Prahran Voluntary Workers' Association, revealed a rather surprising state of affairs. Mr. George Leeder, who started as honorary organiser, is now being paid £500 a year for his work. Is there any good reason why Mr. Leeder should receive such^ a hand some reward for 'his patriotic ef forts? It is good to know from the Mayor's statement that the associa tion. is doing such excellent work for returned soldiers, and that the^ re- ? turned men are actually receiving full union wages, while Mr., Leeder is receiving £500 a year. We sug gest that the motto of this associa tion of voluntary workers might well be altered to ' Fight, W ork, and Pay Mr. Leeder.' * * * The fact that Mr. Leeder's hand some remuneration is subscribed voluntarily doesn't appear to; make ' Cpl. Patterson and Dvr. Connor. Bomb. Edwards and Gunner Cabalzar. very much difference. .All. the rest, of the association's funds are, no doubt, subscribed voluntarily, and possibly, if Mr. Leeder wasn't get ting £500 a year, it would be pos sible to pay even more returned .sol diers full union wages. That is the way it appeals to. us, but the Prah ran Council, in . its wisdom, sees things differently. Possibly they are. more impressed with the .valuable nature of Mr., 'Leeder's services than we are.. Of course, if Mr. Leeder is himself a battle-scarred warrior, with special qualifications for help ing lame Anzacs. over stiles, there may be good reason for paying him this very comfortable salary. . But until that proves to be the cas'e we must ' confess a desire to kick, some-' one— not necessarily Mr. Leeder. ' * * *?' ? ? The Unwritten Law represents elementary justice, and nine out of ' miiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiniiim.iiiuiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiliiliiiiiiuuiliiiliHllllllllillHIHIlin ' ten people are in sympathy with it. Nevertheless, there is a danger that' ? it may be given too wide an appli cation as a direct result of the war. A press cable from London the other day told .of the case of a young sol dier, aged 22, who, on his return from the front, received a confession from his wife that she had miscon ducted herself in his abscnce. The soldier drew his revolver arid shot his girl-wife dead as she lay in bed. A more brutal and cold-blooded act it is hard to imagine, and yet we are told that the judge bound the solcUer over in the sum of £o to come up for judgment when called upon, remark ing that the sentence was 'conso- nant with reasoned public opinion.'. * * * If that is the judge's summing up of 'reasoned public opinion,' it cer tainly is not ours. The path of a girl-wife left alone while her soldier husband is in the trenches is beset , with temptations, and if every hus band who is thus deceived is to be allowed to become judge and execu tioner in the same breath, it is hard to say where things will end. If the soldier husband had kept his bullet for the cur who seduced'the wife of a man who was fighting his country's battles, reasoned public opinion would have been with him, Jmt in the case .quoted it is. impossible to feel anything but repulsion for a man who. could deem his honour satisfied by the brutal murder of a defenceless ' woman. Also such a precedent, furnishes an easy way out , for the husband who has tired of wedded bliss. He has only to shoot his wife, declare that she had con-, fessed misconduct, and invoke the aid of the unwritten law. This sort of thing is encouraging wholesale wiferiiiurder. . ' * * ♦ 1 Mr. and Mrs.' H. V, _ Beggs, of 'Nareeb Nrireeb ' . Station,1 Glen thompson, have received official no tice that their eldest .son, Norman,^ died in a . military hospital in Eng- ? land on January 25. The cause is not : stated. Deep sympathy is felt for. his parents, who consented to their son enlisting last year on , reaching his eighteenth .birthday, when he left the Geelo'ng Grammar School to join the Artillery Forces in Maribyrnong. * * * . ; Ernest Denis Hoben, who wrote the word 'finis' t6' a life- of 'strenuous i i journalism, in Melbourne^ last Sun day, was better known in- Sydney and, New Zealand than in this . city. He1 came into journalistic prominence many/years ago on the ' Evening , Post,' Wellington, when he engineer ed the finest newspaper scoop ' ever brought off in the Dominion, which was finally the subject, of a Royal Commission; the object vof which was to discover .who let the' cat out of the bag. Hob'eii kept a silent tongue, and the 'Post' backed him up, and the secret was never reveal ed. Later, Hoben, who drove a virile pen, crossed over to Sydney, where he , was associated with the 'Herald' and ' Maihy' / On the . death of his first wife, he returned to New Zea land as editor of 'The Times,' Wel lington, and later ran a provincial paper' of his own. He came to Mel bourne' -a- few monlhs ago to talcc a position with, 'The Herald.' , . ' *? * * ; Hoben, who was a red-headed / Irishman, with all the lovable quali ties of his race, possessed a striking personality, and was a. delightful after-dinner- speaker. He had an abounding fund of energy, and was a keen sport. In New Zealand lie was 'largely responsible for founding the N.Z. Rugby Union, and* while in Sydney he -ook a prominent part in pushing the game of golf, his notes in the ?' Mail ' being widely quoted. ? Latterly, in New Zealand, he took a ? ? prominent part in war-work in Christchurch, and raised a large sum of money for patrio'ic funds by his ' own personal efforts. Although a man with many family ties, he volun teered for active service at the be ginning of the Avar, but was reje'e'ed. His death ('which occurred on his 54th birthday) will .'be regretted by many, warm admirers on both side's of the Tasman. * * * ' Mr. ^Sidney de Logtie, who in pri vate life is Mr. Loch, evidently be lieves in. variety. Having followed up his' war volume, 'The. Straits Im pregnable,' with a novel, 'Pelican Pool.' He -threatens to shine in a third literary ^ line by producing' a olay; in fact it is said to be already here and that the unveiling ceremony will take place in the not-far-dis-ant future under the capable direction of Gregan McMabon; * * '♦ ? Sir John Forrest is- .back at the Grand Hotel '.where he is progress ing slowly towards convalescence, but the trying weather conditions are not good for an invalid. How ever, Sir John has a cheery disposi tion. which is not easily damped, and when his soecial lot of good spirits runs out his devo'ed spouse is al ways ready to make good the defi ciency. * * * Mr. Gtiido Barrachi, who lately threw himself into the socialist cause, when his maiden efforts, to assist the ouse made no small 'stir at the 'Varsity, became a Benedict on ? January. 17, the Rev. Mr. Sinclaire performing the ceremony which made bim one' with Miss Katrina Tnez Tobin, .daughter oL Mrs. Tobih, of Flinders-street. The bride was ap pearing in the 'Aladdin' chorus for a time. The newly-wed Barrachis will settle in a fiat at 'Cliyeden,' Albert street, East Melbourne. ?' * * .* * ?'Mr. ?' Barrachi, formerly Govern ment. Meteorologist, is a well-known ficnire in the social world. So.n Guido , inherited a .fine income: from his late - mother; 'daughter ''' ok: -a, Mr. Petty, whose fortune was made out of meat. ? That: much-discussed play, 'The ?Easiest Way,' is drawing six women to every irian to the Thefitre Royal, so its success is assured. In Sydney the other day someone attempted to stage, a play called 'The New Sin,' which hadn't a woman in the cast. It was one of the smartest and best acted productions seen in Australia for years, but it died a natural death for want of audiences. The only moral in 'The Easiest Way' is that it doesn't pay to lie. Starting on the rather silly premise that luxury and limousines are waiting round the corner for every girl who takes the wrong turning, the play shows how much easier it is to walk the broad highway of sin than the narrow path of virtue. The strength of the pl'i lies in the ending, in which the auth or resisted the temptation to intro duce wedding bells, and ieft an im pression of an impending orgy at ' Rector's.' 'The Eas'cst Way' ran for two years in New York, where Shaw'.^ 'Mrs. Warren's Profession' lasted . a fortnight. The difference .is that Shaw's- play is, a moral lesson which tells the simple truth about ? prosti tution, while 'The Easiest Way,' oven in its; most 'moral' moments, gives an impression of an orchestra in the background playing 'This is the Life.' Eugene Walters has paint ed his rather Crude picture in cham pagne tints, while Shaw's colour ing is drab in the extreme, and cham pagne is always so much pleasanter to the taste .than senna. That is why 'Mrs. Warren's Profession' was cen sored in London, where 'The Easiest Way' would no doubt be welcomed with open arms. The best acting in the present production is done by Mr., Frank ' Harvey, Miss Maggie Moore, and ? Miss Norma Mitchell. ' Zim.' Barry Lupino as Clown iii the harlequinade of 'Aladdin,' at the King's Theatre. (The catch word at the top is the Children's ? way of calling, out 'That's him!') The rumours that are being cir culated ' in. Sydney regarding .the al leged payment of commission' in connection with the coal contract show- no indication of subsiding. Mr. Cann has given .them fresh impetus by his veiled charges in the N.S.W. Legislative .Assem'bly, which exoner-. ated the . Chief Secretary, Mr. Fuller, but left- the implication that other Ministers were not above suspicion. Mr. Holman indicated his intention . of taking a firm stand in the matter, and it remains to be seen whether Mr. Cann is able: to do more than merely hint at unutterable things. Whatever may |je the truth of the matter, little sympathy will be_ felt with the members of the Ministry. The trouble with charges of this na ture is that they scarcely ever get past the. innuendo stage, for the simple reason that those who bring them are not sufficiently sure of their ground. It is now up to Mr. Cann to state definitely how much or how little he knows. * * * One of the latest offers tp help, war-worn Anzacs in the trenches comes from Maior-General . Legge's eighteen-year-old son, who, having received the paternal consent to fill the depleted khakied ranks,' stepped along to the Town Hall last week to book a place with the infantry. * * * Staff-Sergeant Harry Cadden, who has' been attached to the Base Re . cords since his return from a three years' job in the trenches, has laid down his Victorian military pen and drifted to a Mother State billet. * * * ?The long-suffering British public, now in possession of first-hand in formation regarding _ the Hun me thod of dealing with enemy pri soners, is protesting against the lavish generosity meted out to Teu ton captives in Blighty. These wax fat on a superfluity of margarine and potatoes, whilst English women and children starve for lack of .those commodities. But the voice of the British public is feeble from lack of practice, and therefore not able to carry far enough to attain its object. One Fogland journal has inadver tently . placed their note of .protest against pampering enemy prisoners just above another article headed ; ' Save the Pigs.' + * # Lengthy Noel Richards, cable tramway inspector-in-chief, loves . to spend his hours of ease with a trowel or hammer in his hand. His South Yarra humpy is not only filled wUh the fruits of his creative mind, but the house itself blossomed from cot tage to villa under the expert fingers of its owner, who. with a small per centage of hired help, laid each blue stone himself in a pattern of his ow.iv design. The captious critic thinks perhaps there is a line or two out of plumb; but the remark is perhaps the outcome of professional jealousy'. Anyhow, the place is one of the most ' comfortable homes in the suburbs. Fitted out with every mo dern ' inventions, even . the heaviest , furniture is on ball-bearing castors, fnd can be moved by the most feeble. . ''The Graphic' will be glad to receive paragraphs of per sonal interest for publication in these pages. All such com munications should be address ed' to The Editor, 'The Gra phic,' 25 Tattersall's Lane.  It was recently ruled that the Exe cutive minute passed to grant life passes to "members of the Legislative (Assembly' who had been through three Parliaments applied only to members of the present Legislative Assembly. The intention of the Min ister was to apply the provision to all who had served the necessary time. It is probable that some further action will be taken this week to make this intention clearer. A num ber of ex-members have been, inter esting themselves to this end. ~ A. child, three years .old, son of Mr. iuid Mrs. T. ": F. Fogarty. of Boor ham&n, :Wangaratta> Victoria, suc cumbed on "Wednesday from tha effects of dnn&ing a quantity of whisky On Mionaay evening1 the child was given a small quantity of the liquor in the way of mediciine for indisposi tion, and being found in a state of collapse during Tuesday afternoon, in quiry from another young member , of the family led to the discovery That the little boy lad helped himself t° a large draught from the botfle, wnich haa been left within his reach. .j Predk. Dutton, alia? Louis Frost, 36 years, was committed' for trial at Sydney on Friday 'of'a ipharge of stealing £900, —the pibpe^f of tne 'Bank oC Australasia. His "cheques were houorea on tne strength of a "cheque oil another bank, which was returned dishonored. Hie accused said lie fully intended to return the money. He had lost it all in horseraeang in (Melbourne and Sydney within a month. The Roma School of Aits is ncit 'alone in regam.. to lack of public support, as,such is the experience or the vas? majority, of similar institu tions in the State (says the St George "Beacon," idommenting upon an. article w hich recently appeared in the 'Star.';} The causes seem to be two-fold, i.e.,— people have drifted into t|he niggardly habit of only giving to public insti tutions when some function is offered in return, and the workers and trades people (for whom the School of Arts system was established) prefer tfr spend their leisure hours elsewhere than in a "ljtading room, and any time spent in heading is generally given to the sporting teolumn. Beading good litera ture is a thmg- that, in the interests of the publid needs to be cultivated, but how it is to -be' done, viewing ■the present apathetie state of the pubbo mind; is a matter whicjh re quires a lot of consideration. Speaking' before the Justices* As sociation at. Sydney recently, Inspector Ctilds related a remarkable story re specting finger-prints. "A man, in tending to tfreak into -a house," !bo saidj "climbed over tlofi g3.te, and, standing with his toes on a steel tar inside, slipped and felL He was ■wear ing a ring on tlie left-little finger. The gate was protected by sharp iron spikes and" in clutciung1 at, the tap to break his fell one of the spikes got -under the ling. He was unaHfe to;'release bis finger, and the weight of lus %ody fore Life finger off, leaving it with the xing impaled Ion the spike. 'He then got tack over " tie gate a,nd decamped. Ai police t»n«table, in going Las rounds to try; locte, was startled to see the 'finger iand the ring on "the gate. He took them away, and at Scotland Yard, where a print of the finger was taken, 'a search through the records established the identity of the man. who was shortly afterwardis arrested. He had his finger fixed up and properly ' dressed. He was sentenced to months' imprisonment." A message from Perth, West Aus tralia, (all Tuesday stated thast John Sutherland Boss Tecently engaged him self fc> a young widow in the Warren district, Mrs. Moore, whom ae told that he fcad £3,800 in the rank, OTfned several blocks of land in. Perth, wHile Lis father in Scotland owned estates vortfr £18,000. Mrs. Moore cam© up to town to be married on January 13, and house-furnishing was started. Boss purchased three Mank cheques on the West Australian Bank, filled m one for -£50, and told Mrs. Moore to get what ever she wanted.' Goods to the value of £26 were obtained on- a second cheque, and £39 change bn" the cheques , was received. These cheques were valueless. Mis. Moore returned the goods, and undertook to pay. Iitack the the money at the rate of £1 per week. Boss's only explanation was that he ' had "been dliniaing. He was sem tenced to six months' imprisonment, and it the money is not paid at the expiration of that time, he wfill get six j months more. • A1, new device--&r. nigtit-iiiiaff has heen "brought out in _&lt;r«rniany, which, if it is ever developed da a large scale, jncty 'he expected to revolu tionise our present- tactics. It con sists of an electric torch fixed to . the Tjlarrel of ~a rifle, with lenses such as to thjrow a narrow; pencil of iritanse light tG the front. The soldier has only to throw the disc of light steady ou his oponent wlule he presses the trigger, ftnd the Hillet should strike the mark. The range of the light is lin.ited toy^'the wjeig-ht of the accu mulators \vLich can isle carried on the weapon; thus it 'is stated that an electric torch weighing 7oz. is fully effective at-40 yards._ This difficulty has so far restricted $ie , a^p!icaXnbn of tlie device, to pistols. Now a pistol whjch shoots accurately, at 40 yards on a dark uig-lit is already a useful iw.eapon to possess; -but 'why should we not have a rifle with search light effective at 500 yards? We may conceive a section of riflemen holding a trench 'ty night, provided with a forge accumulator transported on a muie or Itand-cart, and with all their rifles -Connected to it :by a flexible cable. This is a vision of th^ft&jre, but tbs itea, liaatmSwlrted The total amouiii; subscribed for the Vkcftoriafa 4 per cent loan of £1,000,000 was £4,546,700. At a meeting- in Townsville on Thursdayit was proposed to endeavour to raise sufficiLem. money ft> estabLsii la; meteorological station for Queensland during the cyclone morobs, and engage Mr. Clement L. Wragge. One ot the special features of our great stocktaking: sale, are the mar vellous reductions in Ladies Costumes niceiy trimmed, latest styles, in linen, «cambrni zephyrs, and crepes, usual prices from lis. fid; to 2os.; sale price i to clear at 6s. lid. each. Also ladies* white muslin blouses, half price. ; Bryant and M&Lean, Ltd., Leading i Stor^ Soma.* .1 j .An editor- ."who was courting: a "woman' of uncertain-age, tot .positive. biank'account, was cut out by a gentle man frtim atieigtiboring town, who' married her and topk her home. Whereupon the editor. souglfc a inean. revenge*-• "by heading an account -of Inez!- wedding:—"Atoother ;bldjE^dent Gone.". ; • . ' • •. : \ -.V." ■ ) -Mr. Oscar Aschp, the actor-mana ger, and his wife. Miss Lily Brayton, have returned to England^Trom. t^eir toiiiV; Aecbe announces that the takings -68 weeks in-Australia to - talled £120,000. ■/ ' At alnieeling held for the purpose of forming! a committee of pu1jilic safety at Pietermaritztiirg', Natal, the Mayor, adhering to the attitude^adopted on the previous day, said he considered; a committee unnece^ary. Colonel Clarke, control officer, said he would have to wire to the Minister for Defence "that Fietermarctzfcurg; was the only town* in, the Union 'where the . local authorities declined to help !tbe Government.. He said- that if empowered under martial law fie would have to nominate the committee timself, and he would nom-. inate the- mayor a member. iAfter discussion, a committee Was formed; and the mayjr agreed to serve. Num bers of special constables are now ! being- enrolled Some star has been caused by. the remarks of the Miarquis of Lincoln shire. better known as Lord Carring ton. in- proposing the health of Sir Edwarur Grey at the National Liberal dub banqiiet to Mir. iryce (sayu a! London «oiTespondent writing on De cember 19.) "We look forward," he said, "witn confidence to the 'jme when he will be called by the Sove reign to one of tfie (highest posts: that the Sovereign can bestow, one of the highest posts tshat-s£. subject can fill. When the time comes—as oome iu will —on do more wortny person Can this great; task be imposed than, on him." The nomination.. of Sir Edward Grey as Prime Minister prospective, in suc cession to Miv Asquith. is not Telishea by the Hadioal section of the Liberal party1, wiudj? is- bent upon Mr. Lloyd George. Tliere is, I believe, mo such personal lack of harmony between "t.:e ifcw6 Ministers' as prevailed between Loiyl Bospbenr and Sir William izar court; tut the feeling in toe party would be bitterer now than it was in 1.894. if a leadev were imposed uion it from above, more especially it it were thought that the aristocratic and Whiggish isection was being given the preference. Radical pressure for keeping the Navy estimates down resulted in a deputation to Mr. Asquith, which numbered 39 M.P.'s, supported by 5G others whc. could not ^attend (says a London correspondent writing on De cember 19.) The interview took place in private, and only a statement of a few lines was "published. A symp tom of the Badical feeling against! Mjr. Churchill,-, who is utterly mis trustea now in that quarter, was toe necessity under which the Prime Minis ter felt himself of pointing out that the Estimates- would have the author ity of the whole Cabinet. The depu tation was divided in opinion as to ifihe safaisfactojineos of Mr, Ajsqmtfh's reply. It is gathered that he indicated the likelihood that-the Estimates would not reach £50,000.000; and explained that the increase would be mainly due to wort upon sVips already begun or sanctioned. He is understood1 also by some to have- intimated that nothing would "be done to replace the delayed "Canadian Dreadnoughts, or .to answer the building programmes of Austria: and Italy. Disquiet at this view of what happened is expressed in quar ters free from "Little Navy" proclivi ties. - In the United States the production of durum wheats kas increased faster than domestic markets for such wlieat, the yield in 1906 reaching about 50,0r.0,000 husliels, since whica time it has fallen toff. It will' pnobably in- ■ crease, for ; the demand is constantly for stronger and stronger-flour, which the millers 'do not like, as the durum wheat, is TiaiVLto grjnd. _ The grains -are large and very fcfrrd. The usual color is clear omber, and there are, of course, aide variations in size, shape, and color, "between different varieties. These wheat? are said to be less sub ject tQ smut and rust, and are more arougiit-resistant than the common Wheats. Having been grown appar ently for many- centuries subject, to se vere droughts, it has developed those qualities which mate il admirably: fitted for eucfo conditions. Durum jwheat owes its value for areas of low rain fall ^ to its rapid, ^vigorous growth* early maturity, resistance to diaught and disease, and resulting productive ness. ' On the other hand, the .long, stiff, lieajds are sucli a, source of dis comfort in handling' that many farmers object to the crop.  Settled Till 1930. DRY. AND WET SEASONS. In these days (says the Sydney "Even ing News"), when those once honoured prophets of the . weather— the corns and gouty limbs of our elders— have given place to scientific forecast, the farming community, hangs with bated breath upon the utterances' of the experts. The Auckland "Star," copies of - which arrived by the steamer . Riverina, inter viewed Mr. Clement Wrasee. F.K.G.S.— the one-time Queensland Government meteorologist, and the foreteller -of the disastrous vYustralian droughts— at his home at Birkenhead the other day. ... Mr. Wraege willinglv acquiesced when asked if he would venture a- forecast. The celebrated weather prophet lives in intimate communion ' with tho. weather portents. An odd-looking baromctbr was | at his elbow in his queer, workshop- ! like study ; shelves of meteorological ( tomes lined the room. Outside' was a box- like . structure which, to the uninitiated Wight have been a meat safo or a bird cage. It was, in fact, a miniature ob servatory, in which clockwork and elec trical instruments registered the vagaries of the atmosphere, or turned turtle, bv an alarm .arrangement, to .tell' the stale of- the temperature at a given time of nights. THE ELUSIVE SUNSPOT. The meteorologist fetched a huge , tele scope, formidable as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting rays of the sun, and allowed a bright half-crown of light from the lens— the photograph of the sun— to play on the white blotting pad. "No snnspots and no rain just yet," was his rueful verdict. "I've been expect ing one just lately. It should appear to-morrow or the next day on the edge of the sun, and. when it' works to the centre, conditions will be favourable to rain." The prophet next gave the barometqr. a professional rap, jotted down n figure, nnd dubiously said "L'mpli." Producing a clmrt of the Australasian regions, he went outside to test the direction of' the wind and to find the lay of tho low atmos pheric pressure region, and .then com mence to rapidly draw wavy "isobars" on the chart. LOOKING AHEAD. Mr. Wragge has computed' forecasts for the seasons of Australia till 1U3U, and these, he suys, are applicable to New Zealand, with slight modifications, owing to physical and geographical reasons. During 1011 and part of 1015, ho suys, the rainfall, taking Australasia as u whole, will be under the average. This by no means implies tlmt there will be no rain. On the contrary, good intervening rains will occur, and the lust part of this period will ho better than the first. From the middle of "1015 onwards, the rainfall will markedly ihcrcusc, and from 101(1 to 1020 inclusive, tliu seasons will be distinctly good, witii abundant pre cipitation. After 1020 the rainfall will begin to 1 steadily fail off, and the worst part ot the next great under average period will be 1023 und 1024. Australians will be justified in calling that a drought. In 102-5, matters -will begin to improve, aiid good seasons will prevail from 103n to lOfifi. i These forecasts, explained Mr. Wi'uggc, : are mainly based on tho physical condi tion of the sun with respect to its . maxima and minima moods, mov- I ing in cycles of 11 . years. Just now wo are nearing the end of the solar minimum— or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun of which we .on earth had no conception, were least violent. The maximum period would commence at the end of 1015, and until then, gl- though lie did not expect the seasons to be so bad as" they had been," abnormal, rains must not he anticipated. Intervene ' ing rains in New Zealand should give a heavier fall than in Australia. In . the . droughts, he predicted, New Zealand would . not suffer to the same extent as Aus tralia, owing to its climate' being in sular. whereas that oi the latter was continental.; > "Yes," said Senatoi Graphtor, with a I deep sigh, "I often yearn deeply tor the joys of 'private life." "Well, by-George, senator." said one of his fellow-towns- men, enthusiastically, "Nobody deserves .to be returned to them more than . yon do'!"  MR. WRAGGE'S FORECASTS. To the Editor. Sir-Kindly grant me space to reply to an article that appeared in "The Adver- tiser" of May 23, under the heading of" "Weather Forecasts-Experts Differ." In that article Mr. Hunt-tbe Federal Go- vernment Meteorologist-is credited with saying that Mr. Wr.igge'a recent forecast of the storm that caused so much damage toNew South Wales, Victoria, and coastal shipping, gave an erroni ous origin, and was j unscientific and misleading, anil t'iat such ' irresponsible forecasts should not be taken j seriously. Now what does this imply? i Does Mr. Hunt wish the public lo believe that Mr. Wraggc is a novice, and does no'; thoroughly understand the subject he is 'dealing with' That Mr. Wragge. after 45 | years' study of solar physics andastionoTii cal research, cannot b» taken «eriouslv when he makes a forecast? In "The Ad- , vertiser" of May 13 we have Mr. Wrasge's i I forecast under the heading of "Ancnises and Hi« Son.'' Here are a few sentences of i I Mr, Wragge's own words:-"But .people j aie more immediately concerned with Au ehi=es. Well, lie is coming-make no mis- | -take about it-and judging from the .con- touring of the anti-cyclône or high-pressure '&lt; isobars, he looks more promising with rw- j epect to rain than when 'we first pa''c notice of his existence five days ago. Cap- j tams bound west will bave to fare the J music to a dead eertamty, -and will encoun- ter heavy northerlics to westerlies, espe- cially in higher latitudes, and thereafter ' the winds will shift to south-west anti f-outh,' and blow great guns, particularly south, from the fortieth'parallel. Now niark-nnd we very urgently advise the ! eastern States-the conditions just inti- I mared, will specially affect Melbourne, all southern Victoria, the whole of Tasmania, j Sydney, and the entire coast of New South Wales. Brisbane will get heavy wc«tcr"ies. I Not only so, b"t a renewal of henry wei- ther over the Tasman Sea and New Zea- land is as sure as God made apple«, and all this before May expirfs." A week later ^the pnss gave us a f.ill account of the dumfge done bv floods in the Maitland district. and_ the general effect of the storm in New" South Wales.' Victoria, and lo .eruppinj along the const and over the Tv«man Se«.. ' \\ hat- more i&lt;- required ' Mr. Wrajge was first in the field with tine wargin» to «Hp- ; Íiing, and other« interested, and all the amen Kations of Mr. Hunt cannot, depriv e him of the honor. Apparently Mr. Wragje's j recent for»>ca«ts and casual mention of the ' occasional erroneous eoritonrind; of the iso ! ba.ru OB the is eather v;hart hive had aa ai'nosing and dsprejuring effect on Mr. j Hunfs atmosphere. As to Mr. Wragje's j oth-r rpcent forerast», Adelaide folk can. 1 supply proof of their accuracy; for in- stanT«, "Pluto." aleo "Agamemnon" and i "Dimon." predicted to arrive about Easter Mondav last. For proaf of that in South ' Austral'*, n>k the folk that went t« the Onkaparinga race^. when half of them . ! were nearly drowned. When we get a ' forecast from Mr. Wraege it is genet a'ly from S to 14 days prior to the arrival of the disturbance, and not 24 hoars. But suf- , fife to say, that all Mr. Hunt's protests , will not deprive Mr. ^Vaggc of what is ' due to him. As for those mythological names, well, tiley are peculiarly Wragge's, and the Australian press were conversant with them long before ever Mr. Punt carne over the horizon into public view. -I am. &x., RALPH NAT TRASS.  THE. REV. T. S. ORAWFQRD AND LIBERALISAI. Our rev. critic, in the communi oatio^ns we traversed in an article in last issue, niade the astounding declaration that ' the Labour Party grants a fuller degree of in dividual liberty than does the Liberal.' This assertion is eo out rageously out of proportion with Xlio real truth that vveanrelyshpuld be able to. congratulate ourselves upon our moderations when we are content to designate it merely .a figment of the imagination. Mr. Orawiord knows, an everybody else does, that when he signed the pledge of the Labour Party he bound himself down to the fight ing and general platform of the league, and, not only so, but if he should sucpeed in his candidature he will go into the- Federal Parlia-r ment bound hand and foot to the dictates of the Caucus. The cou ception of the parliamentary Labour Caucus is a politically im moral one. It is totally at vari ance with the most profound principle of parliamentary repre sentation. The leaders of the Socialistic Laborites are at great paips to explain away any practi cal refutation to their claim to individual freedom. Mr. Crawford repeats the m.anu.fa.ctured'explanH tipiOc-.r thi.B pa.lpab.le inconsie^ enoy. Let it be cheerful]}' ad mitted that every political party must expect obedience upon its general policy. Our syttem of party government pscissitatt's that. The parliamentary party must come together in order t.p formu late ils policy and line of action, even if the meetings be called a caucus, But the Ciiucus of the ordinary patty in Parliament ex acts no pledge, and any member can leave it the moment he con siders that tactics or proposals are ' out of harmony with' bis concep tion of what is due to the electors he represents. The Labour Party's caucus is something essentially different. A thousand 'and -one i^eslio^^rise^iiuj-ipg.^vg;^ of a Parliament upon --winch tb~e' Caucus of Uia't Party is called up on to deliberate and vote, bucl) as the life or death of a ministry, the attitude to be assumed toward.* some vital clause \n a measure, and much else. The Caucus meets, There' are twenty-five mrmbors present. AQLfr niuch wrangling and vituperation, an it is known ailVII Ui vuit'.lliuii i*. ...... u .w *iu quently developed during the de-r liberations of the State Parlia mentary Caucus, a decision is ultimately arrived at. Thirteen vote ojc way and twelve the other. The twelve go into the Chamber and vote directly against their 6acred conviction. Somethig of this sort actually occurreJ when the Reid Government was forced to mafco way for the Lyne-See Administration. Can the public not see, can Mr. Crawford not see, that this method is a direct stulti fication of representative govern ment, also of majority rule. We would also remind our rever end critic of the State Labour Party's attitude in the nefarious Land Scandals, and of the coal swelling Friedman case. When Mr. Law, for t«any years a pro minent member of the party, had the courage to break away from the thraldom of the caucus on that question, the true inwardness of the system was disclosed to an astonished public. Need we em phasise what the past history of the three years of Federal politics teaches in regard to the freedom of will and action of the pledged Labour members. The Federal Labour party, as we know, is com posed of freetraders and. protec tionists. 'Theoretically members were supposed fa be free to vote according to their fiscal con vie tionp, 3'et at every division during the discussion of the tariff, when the fate of the Government they were supporting depended upon a, block vote of the party, me,n like W. M. Hughes and Tom Brown were compelled 10 assent to the very principles they had repeatedly declared to be pernicious, and against the policy they had advo cated before their constituents. Had the position been revereed the Labour protectionists would have been compelled to net with similar perfidy. In the face of facts like these, Labour csuididateB like .Mr. ?«3MJBtic J^bpnr ^^ppih $M i^e,p^ tJ,^. jp^jiyM-MalK^ait frtfedoin \; o-;: sAujS^a||a(j ^i^hiiie. iio]|4|cs ^af^ 4P^^^y^ijat«r^j proSuctive of pDJ?t|ij|l oorrupi|»n- The pplilicaH niadiiue is the cursq ot America td-day,f-an4 prqb'ably before that mighty n.aUoq pan throw off the incubus, if wiil be necessary for a revolution to taku place. JY'arhiu ? p jli \es pursed Nuiv South WaleB for eeveral years, until a fusicm. of parties was brought about and destroyed* the system. The same remark applies to the .Commonwealth tor-day, and it only remains for the free aud untrammelled electors to confirm the fusion of the anti-socialistic forces upon wbiph the present powerful aud competent Liberal Government rests ,,an,d,thus estab* Ijsh it more firmly in power. The proposal to put down a. new floor of lallow-wobd in. the large hall of the Nowra School of Arts . was considered by ? (lie committee on Thursday last. It was agreed to let the matter stand over for a time, ? The big recovery m,ade by the district as a result ol the benefi cent December and January rain fall is hkply to be well reflected by the annual agrioulhiral show to be held next woek. .'i'hero is. a large general entry, ^nd, 'beside a mag nificent showing of dairy cattle for which the district has a leading reputation, there is likely to be ex ceptionally good displays of fruit, vegetables, and farm produce: No entries will he taken later than Tuesday night. Residents interested in the iinprov rcent of Shoalhaven River entrance will meot at the rTearls, by Comer.Jiig, on the lpth in&t, Jbo see what acrion should be taken to re-open the pas sage. ,.- .. A classical and^umorbus canc/jpt is bj bo given at the 'Nowra School ot Arts by a conip'aijy:.. of bigli-class artistes from S\ dney ''on Wednesday and Thursday 'nidi*-; ??pnrfcicuhws nue advertise-) in ic-4^''s pap.\r. . The company has been /will notical by tlie .Spinpji-pf»»k — -fi©^Ja^ds~^t Air. P. W. Young's. '?'?''?; *' Mr, T. W,'K«3le'has entered the~ lists . .with a cycle theory - -;i . tli« wi'iithor. He believes i;h:il ; 'thts Aus tralian cycle is 57- years, instead of 19 years favored hy the late Mr. Russell. Mr. Keele -is seeking for facts to demonstrate his proposition. The weather varies bo much in different parts of the continent at the same time and in the same year, that it is difficult, if not impossible, to obtain reliable data. The terrible floods on the other Bide of the globe, combined -with rcci-nt disastrous happenings in Australia and elsewhere give some support, to Mr. Wragge's sun spot theory. The 'spots,' there is little reason to doubt, denotu intense solar '^activity, which, it 6eems reasonable t- assume, may have a very marked effect upon terrestrial conditions. Some important resolutions were passe J by the Faraiers' Conference which recently rss3fnbled in Mel bourne. It is to belioped they will bear useful fruit. The great primary producing interests have been receiving very scurvy treatment .of late years. Judge Scholes is determined, if possible, to get at the 'bottom of the Newcastle dispute. In the south, Jndge Edmunds holds that the men must return to work before the inquiry can commence. The northern board is a compulsory board, but the' southern an ordinary wages board, and the conditions under which they respectively work vary widely. Never theless, the sooner the dispute is threshed out, the sooner it is likely to be settled. The death of Dr. Andrew Ross, who for a long time represented the Moloni; district in the State Assembly, removes a kindly and well-known ?, personality, who strenuously sought to j improve the condition of his adopted | country. - I TIip cyclone at iirewamna svos one ? of the most terrible visitations ever j recorded in Australia. Fortunately, i its ravages were confined to a com paratively narrow strip of country.  The Cyclone Season., Neefl of the North. A Meteorological Station. 'For somo 'timo past tlio people of Townsviilo uiid CaimS have been acitat- iug lor the establishment of a meteoro logical station in tins north. It 'is con- tended 'that by that means may, possible: disasters to /snipping along tho nutthem coast in the cyclone season he averted. A meteorological . station, properly, equipped and efficiently, managed, would bo. serviceable in' forecasting disturbances which from timo to tiuio threaten the' safety of shipping: in the north. Master mariners have givon- tliefr strongest sup-, port to 'tho agitation, and prominent amongst them is .Captain U. Irvine, mas ter oi the Inuamincka, who conveyed his views to a representative oi the , "Tele graph" yesterday afternoon. "A scien tific meteorological station at Cairns or Towns ville, with a scientific man in , charge, " said Captain Irvine, "would bo tho means of giving notice to shipping of approaching storms, When Mr, - Hunt. Commonwealth ' Government meteorologist was in' North . Queensland lust 'year, a de putation urged liira to have, a station established at Cqirns. Air. 'Hunt ob jected on the grdund of the expense in-, vol vod, which, lt sald. woiiid-'ndt be; warranted vy .thei popuiatio'li affected. The northern peojile ' Were not satisfied with this reply, so they referred the matter to tho Minister, who eventually, also turned down the proposal. 7 The people' of Cairns and Townsville have decided that they; > .will liaveiil;'-meteorological sta tion7 sqmehoW. - IqVccordingly they are, organisih'g. av'sdbscription list, in' ; aid „of .the movement,.'/, aiid .'thoy feel .confident' the necessar;;,ni'pney' ';will be raised. . ;lt:, has boon '.'suggested '. that an offer should be made to Mr. Clement Wragge, who, 1 understand is in New Zealand, to come over .and run tho station." "What is your opinion ir. , regard to that'7 Idea queried 'tho reporter. "1 think it- is a very good idea,", re plied Captain, Irvine, "Mr, Wragge". is eminently '.qualified to take .Charge of. such a . station, ' by reason of his experience in Queensland, and liis knowledge of local conditions. . I holieve the' money that is! required will bo forthcoming, as the move ment should, appeal not only to nortli- erners, hut' .-Ufr many people in the' other States, for the men employed, on the' steamers trading to the. north have faml-" iics in' the southern cities, and . besides numerous -'southerners 'constantly. / are travelling into the tropics. It -is, wiser to subscribe money" towards the preven tion of '.disasters7 than to Subscribe after wards.- tor the relief- of those who suffer bv disasters that might have bcCn pre vented. A meteorological 'station would ho an' iiivaluablo guide as to the approach of storms. - The North Queensland coast is tlio oniv const in a cyclone area that I ' know of that,, has. not a meteorological station. There are, stations which givo warnings of storms a't Mauritius, I-loug- ' Jrong, and Bengal!,-. -At present advices- as 'to weather, -indications liave to be sent' to Mulbourpo, arid maybe the storm, has" arrived, before jbho warning, is given... May-, be the 'wires, hayo-, been blown down, aiid it. is, hot jipssible-.to give .warning-'.' .; "How long.a -notice would yopji want ' ordinarily "I should sny 34 hours' notice - would suffice. Tlicro are scarcely any two ports along tho > coast ; ,morc than 24 hours apart. If a ' warning of a, cyclone were, given we could stay: in , port till tho dan ger, hnd passed;, , Something. must be done. We want a man to study; these storms on the spot. At .present the , meteorolo gical office tolls you what kind ot rweather wo have had, but it is seldom they gie an idea oi whfetjhs ahead. Mostly their forecasts aro pp,uvague .that no: matter .what' kind -of weather comes.; the :'.;fore cftstn - liold .good.C jtVe- master mariners oi necessity '- study imeteotology, . but we ; aro frequently niinpluised by these cyclones, which come up 'lit «!n hour's notice. - To ( meet a cyclone. Hi'- tlie open sea, wlienypU. have plenty 'ot- toora.'is bad enotigb,-. -but it is much worse when your ship in olosed in between the V shore and the Barrier .. Reef,- That is where 'the trouble is;.'' - "What is 'it estimated will be the'eost ot- equipping and''- running ; a meteorologi cal station in the 'liorth 7 > i "They estimate the cost of establishing the station would be about £1, 000, and of running it!' about _ £600- -per. annum," said Captain - "What.; is that cdmpared. to . .7 -the / loss iuvolved iu -a shipwreck. Look; at, the loss of breadwinners, to say nothing. of -tho 'loss- of" property. . I : hope ; the . necessary uaoney->will» be subscribedi and l. am confident that . It . will . be, for in the north the people W very » uoiictiiitaeu , about the matter; and they feel they, con = rely onl assistance from the south, ii£ - the/ Commonwealth continues to , refuse to cs-., tablish the station." .&lt;  CLEMENT WRtAGGE. Writing from Chilterii, Victoria, Cle- ment Wragge, the iwel-known astronomer and successful foreteller of weather, says:—"Jiust allow me to say, in simple justice, that if the Central IWWfther Bureau, Brisbane, had been in existence—the annual vote for which did not exceed £1500 per annum—three davs' warrinu at least would hav been S i tf the recent cyclone off the North-West -- I 1 TIT L coast TNNJ- of ^ Australia.' ALIOF-rfllifl.  NOTES AND NEWS THE SITST SPOTS. Mr Clement Wragge writes: Great changes have taken place in the great sun spot or eolar storm since Thursday. It has increased in energy, and is now about 27,000 miles in diameter, arid the smaller solar disturbances, also noted on the 19th, have largely amal gamated with the. main nucleus. That the earth is responding and wijl vet respond, to the etheric vibrations'hiir] ed adrift by this great solar cyclone, is certain, and we may expect to hear that abnormal tidal action of seisniis or volcanic disturbance lias taken place in such parts of the earth as ore most liable to be so affected. Auroral dis plays may be expected in high lati tudes.  GENERAL »EWS. TENDERS FOR RAILWAY STOCK. The Railways Commissioner received ten- ders on Tuesday for the construction of 50 broatl gauge sheep vans, class Bb, also for 40 class Mm sheep vans, nar- row gauge. ? Six tenders were IC ceived for both class of vehicles, that of Messrs. J. S. Bagshaw Í: Sons be the lowest in both cases. Tenders were also received foi- loading, unloading, aud stacking coal and firewood at Petersburg. RECORD RAILWAY TRAFFIC. The output from the Broken Hill mine« has during tliis year been bigger than over before, and last week 24,800 ton» of ore were forwarded, which is a record. Over half a million tons of ore and coal have passed through Cockburn during 1914. The quantity of artificial manures carried by rail for the season to June 6, 1914, was 76,862 tons, au increase of 2,987 tons over the corresponding period of last year. THE MUNICIPAL TRAMWAYS TRUST AND MOTORBUSES. At the meeting of the Municipal Tram- ways Trust on Tuesday afternoon, it was decided to advertise for tenders for a large quantity of motorbuses. The advertise- ment will appear on Thursday morning. EXHIBITS AT THE MUSEUM. A new system, which will be greatly appreciated by visitors to the Adelaide Museum, has been introduced> at that in- stitution bj- the Director (Mr. Edgar K. Waite) in respect to the display of - the latest additions to the collection of ex- hibit«. Instead of placing these in their classified positions as soon as received, a special case has been provided on the ground floor for their accommoekition during the fiist week or so. By this means regular visitors to the Museum will be enabled to see at a glance what has been added most recently. Last week the case was occupied by a fine collec- tion which included some wonderful speci- mens of work done by natives of the Hanover Bay distinct of North-Western Australia. These were spear-heads made from stone and class bottles, beautifully formed and worked into a scries of fine points extending .right, round the hoad«. The excellence of the flaking is wonderfid when it is remembered that the crude tools used were made by the natives from human and kangaroo bones. Some of these are displayed with the finished articles. A skull of a Zulu from Isan (lihana, NataL presented by Professor Watsons nvakes an interesting addition to last week's collection, and. some iron throwing knives of curions shapes, and having blades and edges projecting in different directions, with handles covered with tanned skins, were shown, being the work of natives of Western Africa. Another exhibit which attracted attention -«ras a tomahawk made in stone by natives of the SontWEast of flris State. Tho Director?presented a weH-esecirted model of Ore ""Honorable Hoddy" nugget of gold which was found a few years ago m the West Coast district of New ZealaniL This splendid nugget, which was given to the King, was valued -at S4O0, and is still the "argestfoumd in the -Danrniion. Tlie Director also presented a fine case of eggs of birds which he collected during his recent cruise with Dr. Mawson's ex- pedition. These embrace eggs of the wandering albatross, the Boyal albatross, the moUymawk, and others, some of which are new to the collection. This week's showcase contains a very beauti- ful assortment of butterflies from Coram mid New- Guinea; and some remarkable beetles from the " Coen River. North Queensland, taken bv the Museum col- lector (.Mr. W. D. Dodd). In addition there are; a large number of British bird.V skins recently . acquired by the, board. These arc additionally interesting, 'because they represent varieties from which many Australian species have derived their names. A comparison can be made, for instance, between the local magpie, wag- tail, thrush, or wren, and the British birds bearing these names. PRAISE FOR THE MURRAY BRIDGE ROWING EIGHT. The S.A.R.A. committee, at its meeting on Tuesday evening, received a letter from Mr. E. Kenny (bon. secretary of the Vic- torian Association), in reference to the recent oight-oar race in Melbourne, as fol- lows:-"At the last, meeting of my com- mittee I was directed to convey to you the hearty congratulations of oin« members on the fine race put up by your represen- tatives in the recent eight-oared cham- pionship. Although the crew did not win wo feel that the members are deserving of the highest praise for their fine exhibi- tion and plucky race, and the spectators whose good fortune it was to witness this magnificent contest owe a debt of grati- tude to your crew, who played such a prominent part in it. I shall be grate- ful if you will kindly convey to the mem- bers of the crew the congratulations of Victorian oarsmen on their line effort." The.letter was. much appreciated. The secretary of the association intimated to the meeting that he had forwarded a let- ter of_ congratulation to the Tasmanian As- sociation, whose eight had won the race. It was resolved to convey to the Murray Bridge Club the hearty appreciation of the association of their performance. LITIGATION OVER A RIFLE MATCH. It is a rare thing for a lawsuit to aiise in connection with. rifle shooting, but a serious dispute, which arose as far back as 1911, between the »South Australian Rifle Association and one of its members is lo be decided in the Adelaide Local Court. The case is set down for hearing to-day. At the annual matches of the association at Port Aelelaide in September, 1911, the score of Mr. J. T. Lake, the well-known marksman, w.'is disallowed in the second stage of the King's match. It was com- plained by the range officer that Mr. Lake, when asked to take his turn at the firing mound, delayed his shooting for 10 minutes and declined to fire when requested to elo so. It is understood that Mr- lake's ob- jection was that the marking was bad at the -time. The executive committee of the association decided to disallow the score, and Mr. Lake was thus prevented from re- ceiving prize-money amounting to about £20 and a silver medal. Legal action has been instituted by Mr. Lake for the re- covery of the prize withhelel from lum. Mr. N. A. Webb, a member of the. council of tlie association, has agreed to bo named as tile elefendant on behalf of the associa- tion, as otherwise it would have been necessary, it is stated, for every member of the association to have been proceeded against. TWO INTERESTING PICTURES. Invitations are extended by the board of the Public Library, Museum, and Art Gallery to the public to inspect two large watercolor groups which are 'hanging in the vestibule of the administrative offices in the eastern wing of the museum buildings.' These pic- tures, painted in 1874 by Mr. Alfred Clint, show a number of gentlemen who were prominent citizens in the carry seventies. They were executed to the order of Mr. W. R. Morton, at that time licensee of the Southern Cross Hotel, and one of them has that bmlding for its background, while the other shows the King William-street eleva- tion of the General Post-Office, with the old police-station, where the Telegraph Office now stands. Amongst those who may be easily recognised are the Governor of the day (Sir Anthony Mus- grave! and Lady Musgrave, Dean Russell, Archdeacon (afterwards Dean) Marryat, the Hon. T. Reynolds. Inspector Searcy (of tlie police department), the Hon. Ebenezer Ward, Mr. Justice Boucaut, and many other gentlemen well known in the public and commercial life of the State. A list is in course of preparation'." in which it is hoped that the names of all the members of the group will be included, and the board of governors would be -glad to have the assistance of the public in identifying any of the figures whose names are at present unknown to them. I CYCLISTS ON FOOTPATHS. Cyclists who ride on footpaths must know that they are breaking the law and that they render themselves liable to a substantial penalty. Nevertheless the of- fence is constantly committed, and pedes- trians are subjected to a danger that ought not to exist. A number of cyclists have recently been riding on the footpaths in Payneham, and on Monday several were taken before the chairman of the Payne- ham District Council (Mr. F. 0. Siek mann) and were fined various amounis. ABORIGINAL ART. A number of native drawings on bark, which are exceedingly interesting, have been secured by Professor Baldwin Spencer from the Alligator River, in the Northern Territory. It appears to be t'he mistoni of the natives _to decorate the bark huts in which they "live, and also the surfaces of their rocky shelters in tliis manner. The drawings are extremely realistic anti true to life. 'Piiey oexmny a board 40 ft. long and 7 ft. iiigh, and a very large number of ob- jects is included. _ These represent mythi- cal .spirits and animals of various kinds on which the natives hve. A strange eltarac tcristic of tbe.drawings is that the internal anatomy of the animals is usually given just a* though they were transparent. In addition, although only one side is repre- sented, two eyes are put in. The drawings are in red and yellow ochre, white pipeclay, and charcoal. They are considered to be the most 'highly developed of any drawings by aboriginals yet found in Australia. SCHOOL FOR PHYSICAL TRAINING. In connection with the Commonwealth Defence scheme, one of the most important ..satures is that of training the junior ca- dets, boys between tlie ages of 12 and li. lins work k left largely in the liands of the school teachers. To make sure that only the best methods of instruction are u«ed, schools for the physical training of teachers are being held throughout the various States. South Australia is par- ticularly fortunate in having as controllers of_ the movements such able officers as Cap- tain Kinnish and Lieutenant Woolley, men who have . had long experience not only a= military officers, but as instructors of young folk. Peters- burg, being one of the most ?important places in the north, was chosen as a centre for a school, and 37 teachers including tlie staff of the local high school, assembled in the school grounds on Mon- day, May 31, and for a fortnight with whole- hearted enthusiasm entered.' into the spirit of the training. Schools as far north as Amyton and as far south as Farrcll's .Flat were represeuted- The school closed with an examination on-Friday'and Satur- day last. Physical exercises, including marching drill anil properly organised 'games, were practically and theoretically dealt with, and the principles of first-aid also received close attention. Tlie work is stremious and exacting. Still the teachers recognised that it was quite im- possible for their schools to be kept closed for longer than a fortnight, and were grate- ful for Hie opportunity of making them- selves conversant with a work which is bound to be "recognised more fully as the years pass. The demands of the work left little time for relaxation, but the teachers found a few minutes daily for e-ricket, jumping, football, baseball, roun- ders, tennis, &c. Most of the candidates passed the test, some gaining honors, lrat all have.gone back to their work better fitted to- carry on this - highly important branch of child training. The teachers arc grateful for the help given by Cap- tain-Kinnish and Lieutenant Woolley, and «lso for the work done by Lieutenant No dan and Sergoant-31ajor Morrell. The offi- cers and teachers are loud in their praises of the hospitality of the Petersburg folk. Thev are especially grateful to the Mill and Methodist Tennis Clubs for the use of their courts, and the'institutc committee for the use of the members' reading room. The people generally gare " them a warm wel- come. GK)VIî**r?O^BXv-E>n5RAL AS HOST. Evidently Sir Ronald Munro Ferguson, the Governor-General, ia not a man who stands on ceremony. After haying received an address from representatívea of tlie Melbourne and Metropolitan Board of Works his Excellency entered into informal conversations with his visitors and placed them thorougldy at their ease. Municipal matters greatly interest the Goventor General, and he discussed tliese in a free and easy manner with His visitors .(say» the Melbourne "Herald"). Sir Ronald Munro Ferguson has been associated with several municipalities in Scotland, and he spoke of the crowding of population into Glasgow. He said that he would be in- terest«! in watching developments in re- gard to thcmovcmcnt of population in Mel- bourne. His own exrpcriencc had been that the question of water supply was the most important in connection with municipal ad- ministration. Afterwards the Governor General took the members of the board to inspect the Raeburn, portraits which he had brought out with him. and gave them some interesting information about the pictures. STREET CAR COURTESY. The departure of Minneapolis schools in giving lessons in street car courtesy is at- tracting wide and favorable notice (says the ."Milwaukee Journal"). The training consists of arranging chairs to represent «eats in a street car. Pupils then occupy all the chairs and presently girls enter the lisle. Of "course, the boys are taught to give up their seats to the ladies. "If this training impresses the boys with the".value "of courtesy for its own sake, it is much to be commended. The question of street car courtesy is much debated. " The' right of the person who occupies a seat to hold it cannot be denied. But a great force is created for the comfort and happiness of society as a whole when the individual learns the value of sometimes giving up a right to which he is entitled for the good of other members of society. The boy who regards it as a privilege to be cour- teous to ladies has 'learned an important lesson in the solving of our human prob- lems, -which are clueflv questions, not of who shall obtain the largest share of liis right«; but of who shall acquire the wish to serve others." SOUTH-EASTERN RAILWAY SYSTEM. An influential deputation is.being organ i?ed to wait upon the Commissioner of Pub- lic Works (Sir Richard Butler) on July T, and urge the Government to convert ¿he railway system in the South-East to the broad gauge, THE WEATHER. The Government Meteorologist icportctl on Tuesday night:-Cloudy to dull and cold weather has been experienced over all but the far western parts of the State to-day. Temperatures have been, on the whole, well under (K1 cleg., and only reached a maximum of 48 dcg. at «Stilling West. At Adelaide the highest reading was 57.1 d«^;., reached from a minimum of 39.2 deg. No further min was re- ported up to 3 p.m., but for the 24 hours ended 8.30 a.m. light and scattered showers had been recorded south from the Jjuira, the highest being 30 points at Meadows South, and 21 points each "at Millicent and Mount Gambier. During the same period also no rain had been refolded in Western Australia, but light j to moderate falls had been íegistered throughout Victoria, with the exception of the north-wettei n quarter, where the falls were more scattered. In Tasmania scatteied light to heavy falls were gauged, and also over the coastal parts of New «South Wales. Light to heavy rain had al«-o fallen in the south-eastern corner of Queensland, and Brisbane íe ported a further fall of 30 points up to 3 p.m., associated with a thunderstorm. Tuesday's weather chart indicrates that a very laige anti-cyclone covers the whole of the continent, with its centre over the southern patts of this «State and extend- ing over the Bight, the highest isobar reading 30.0 in. As is usual with a large winter anti-cyclone, we may expect the cloudy and cold weather to continue, particularly over the southern areas, with a shower or two over the Mount Lofty Ranges and in the South-East. and .vari- able wind». Frosts are likely in the north. The Marmora left Melbourne at 3 p.m. on Tuodav. and is expected to arrive at the Outer "Harbor at 7 aan. on Thursday. This vessel . will leave for London at 0 p.m. Particulars of the train service for passengers embarking aie advertised. There has been a change of dates in the Diocesan Social Serviee lectures, as^ adver- tised elsewhere in our columns. The lec- ture by Mr. W. Wragge on "Reformatorv methocls" will be given to-night, instead of next week. On Tuesday next the annual Home for Incurables ball will be held at Unley H io Excellency the Goveinor0and Lady Galway will attend. Tickets may be had from members of the_ committee, of which* the Mavor of Unley is president and Mr. G. T. Powlesland secretary. The Trade Commissioner in, London tele- graphed on June do to the Government: .'Wheat market quiet. Liverpool market steadily held, but not active." CROOKS & BROOKER, LIMITED, .eil best furniture at reasonable prices, and guarantee satisfaction. Our beautt ful catalogue posted free.4 Terms to suit ill clients. Address-Rundle-street. *44e JEAN, LTD., have just opened some pretty Novelty Millinery «suitable for pre- sent wear.. Address, Netter Buildings, Bjndley-streei. *S5:S4 In the race for Boot Supremacy, Ezy i -walkin is thousands of feet ahead. *76zc "Sonia" Liquid Paraffin, the new remedy for habitual constipation, 1/ and 2/ pet bottle. All cliemists. *45wai224 Gramapbejiies.-Cokimbia, His Master's Voice; Pathepbone Machines and Records. AH records tried over.-E. T. Eddy, 48, Gawier-place, 2 doora from. Rundle-st. T136wai224 To-day.-Lunch at the Adelaide Tea- rooms, Basement, Alfred Chambers, Cur ric-strect. Comodious rooms, an efficient ?staff, and cuisine unsurpassed. | Tl36wi224A2/4  Northern Seteorologica! Federal ebrewiimnt to be Agile In response .to e;-equest from the Cairns Chabnber ol Commerce, the Mayor .(Aid. Pi MtKeniie) convened ' a public ' meeting /»t ' the Counrll Cbambera'bn'WVdnfeday afternoon to discuss tha question 6t the establish ment: of a 'Meteorolb rickl Station in . Nor^ Queensland fl ho Mayor pta- , sided, and )£ere ware also present : Messrs. J. ^Jison/^je. S. Mann. ?. J. CatUle, S, tt'.'WBjiier, T. H. Donald ? son. W.-H.'j.;Mayers,' B«ev. J* Kirice, . DrTytie/f^l^.-^Craig. An apo logy forobsapoe wafe received from Mr. A. J.- Dr^jJer. ;^iio was attending the Northern ^i^a* Workers Board. The Mayor ia opening the meeting said : We -are ,'|ierf eclly satisfied that it is necessary rin'the interests of Ufa and limb, and '?th»;ijrotection Ol gen eral property t,that tipre should be a meteorologlcii action -.establishaa in North. Aue^idutfU TJ& sparse , at tendance thjtB/M^gfpbntmight Mac-* . Counted loi5 -b(J;. th» jiacj, th-tMr. Cl*. went Wrag^-i^Tenowned meteOto. logfist. to Sri^om^ovpty«ne looks for general Utorinitiou, will not be here until rome'ifeie to april. I under stand he te^ttojng. hira to lecture' on the aatter/i^^ffe that' we may possibly cin. fchother - public' meeting and be able to' decide' best where ' ' is tlie aoBtauita^le j4i-.ee for a meteo. rolpelcal ^tatfbn. We are really In thehaad, ot£xperlB, ana when Mr. Wragge la.hMBe. wetrfli form'* better idea of the wl^ole ifiing. I would now * ask tAa Wjr^sflehtitjvts of the Cham, lvr cf Coiibnerce^to move the resqlu t:ons thej- iw.vedodded u^on. ;Pr. tCyrieyBii ^3 *he motion is r«t r*aw*~-'f«is*jitemcnt that them was a baroirrjiPJi'in-Cairns. Where is it?- : ?' ???'??;y? ??'?-? :?? the itejtror : At thi PrBt Omce. The fie&eiaryipi the Chftinber ot '???,??? »**i * ' Commerce then read a letter, received recently fanfe the' Towns«ille'; Met eorological . Bureau, jwbich ' stated that thti question .of , the' establish. meat of ,a Kcrlli.iiuiitfte' 'r * y- ' tion had been engaging Uis- attent- ion of the Towosviiie Chamber of Commerce, U.'a Khipping community, ~an«l others i-ikotoe time, -is the cj^loni Ecjson was edvanced, f and the Commonwealth Government tad written stating they.co-jld iot es tablish a meteorological ? Etatiotf .- in North Queensland, it TCasrcoast(Jered necessary to ta'ire prompt independ ent action. A public . meeting failed by the Mayor on January 22nd Jj-ad been very largely attendeo, and it was unanimously resolved to estab lish a meteorological- bureau at TownsviUe. A committed liad * been formed, and Mr. Wragge had been in vited to come to North ' Queensland and take, charge. The trustees of the . icmgma iuna bad dccidedr.to -'offer £100 towards the project-. A .tele firam had been sent to the Pos^mas. tcr General and Prime Minister .ask. inb tLat weather telegrams be .sent to the bureau free of charge. It was estimated that the cost of. the Bur eau would not exceed. £400 'auring thepreeent fcyclone eeaeon. i^tji cq- . «peratioh of Cairns was invited; ' , A second letter jrom the same source . under, date January 2$ th sta ted a cable had been sent to Mr.. Wragge offerina; him £2o'wj*±Jv t-~ come and take chargie' during the cy clone seaEOn anaa replyjiad been received from him stating it was im possible 1 oic him to do so thji season, but mentionea that he wbiinl be lee turing in North Queensland in April when tfce niattqr, could be - placed on a sound basis. Tie letter- from Townsville further mentioned , that although a g5od start had been mado ^t was. hoped to further the object desired' by the fullest co-operatioa be tweea Cairns and TownsviUe. Dr. lyrie iyOn looting round the room I see the banking and commer cial interests represented here, Uo. fore a motion is moved I think it Should be known how much support those interests are going to ^ eivs to the Brolect. Mr, J. Alison : Wia matter has been altered somewhat owing ? to Mr. Wragge finding himself unable to accept the oler made by tie TownstrUle people. I would suggest th*t Weget in touch wth our Fed eral members '.of Parliament and ask them *ourge the Federal Govern. ?*nent W appoint Air. Wragge met eorologist in the North during *h0 53*Jone season. Mr. .Hqnt.jthe Com monwealth Meteorologist, - came to ? Cairns aad we interviewed him, but Jhowfint south and seemed to carry more rWeightjhan we did, with the K»Jt that theF-ederai Govirnment acting on his advice, can^lerea i- ' Fan 'unnecessary to have - meteoro logical station established in North Queeasland. We thipk differently. Wo should approach ' tho Federal G«v croment through otu; members and try and infuse a little enthusiasm in to the Powers that 'Be, and*see' if ' we cannot «sire the appointment of Mr. Wra^ge. next year. Mr. Donaldson Ll don't think it is much use'ih approaching the 'Federal Government Wiar '? as Mr. . Wragge Is concerned, but I d«T think we shoul J 'have a.meteoropgicai station in NbrtH -lneens'teaf. You lwUl ' have noticed in the press that the Post master has received advice that when conditions are suspicious' tele granJB are to Ee exchanged 1h-{wcob stations that lie along the cjast from Seaffill to ThEreday T^md. The mere fact of exchanging tele grams between tfiese . stations is n» «s2 to the residents of Cairas. We ' ?do.not pose as 'weather experts nt.d would not know what to mate or tte' telegrams when we received tliem. '-'' Dr. Nisbet has informed mo that £340 hat been promised tow.ir,^ - . proposed meteoroltfeical' station; but unfortunately, owing' to the fact' that Mr. Wragge cann«t come,' ? no thing can be done till next year. Pr. Tyrie: Surely if Mr. Wra^g« * ? - ' . ?'? ' .. ' i catuaot come someone else can take the {iqsiticn. Mr. Donaldson ; I think we -should go bold-headed for the Federal Gov erniucat, ? ? ' Dr. Tyrie : Go fcald-hcaded your eeU and do something. - t ;BIr.. Donaldson : We should~ agitate for a wireless station straight array. There is too possibility- of a meteoro losrciU station being- established hefia straight away. .What is t6e ..use of having sucn a . station \t Cairns has no wireless, and .cannot get into coaun-nKation with other ' places. You Injw that telegraph' lines are frequently ? down. in thawet season, alEO in the dry season, m wh.n Ihsre bk bush &TcS.v' All the' meteorologic al stations in the 'world will be of no use to you unless the. lines ' are working. I would like to see a huge petition from all the ' residents of Cairns asking for a 'irirelesr station her*. A station' with a radius of '200 ror 300 miles would be* sufficient. Dr. . Tyrie ;. I agree with .Mr.'' Alison and Mr. Donaldson so far as the wireless station is concerned,- ' i»ut when itcom.es to the meteorological fetaUon it 5s another matter Jt Yqi -take the interests represented by Mr, . Alison. an4Mr. Donaldson. You all insure against fire and other things, but why don't you insure against cy, clonic damages? Why -not plank -town the dollars*? It is purely a'cap italistic thing from end to end. . if tne cost -were split up 'amongst you it would be a very small thing-. I do not see why yon should not instit ?ilnu wireless amongst yourserreB. ? Toe Mayor : r agree with Mr, ,A1 ls«-ii tbatthe matter has cbaajsd through the fact' that Mr. Wragge cannot accept the position offered to ?fciin.-. X thimc the best thing is to move a resolution -. that ' this meeting ?whilst in accord with everything that bjd been said to connection with the establishment of a meteorological sta. tion, ?remains in abeyance until Mr. Wragge has visited North Queens land. I will move to that effect my. ?df. Mr. Alison : I . think we should write to our Federal members an*, see what can be done.. We can mea tion Mr. Wragge, but if the Gov ernment liave another man, good and well. We want a meteorological sta tion in the North, and this public meeting should take the opportunity of passing a resolution to bring the matter. before-the Government. ' 1 dp not see why the .Northern, people Should Sit dnwn and'dn nnHiitur aha Mayor. This meeting was Cal led for the purpose of encouraging a meteorological station intheNort:i which Mia be commenced, I .amder;' «««nu. fcy -pri\-ate ?. enterprise. . -Sup- X*3]!* yoapffer the position to Mr. .^*?&Ba *r «ny other man. If he |ias any reputation to loose he is- not Sotog to come up her for six months pod then lose his position for the r«. tnainder of tie year. Mr. Donaldson : Mr. Wrogge-WautH to Come here tor tour months. The Mayor : Perhaps he does and peihaps he does not. if you offer him a five months engagement he might take it. My opinion is that It is better to leave the matter ..in abey ance for the tune being, or else, as' Mf- . Alison tas suggested, writ* and ask the Federal Government to tatethe matter np. Mr. Alison: Mr. Wtagge. promised to come -np for Jour months of tke jew, during the.eydone season. The Mayor: There Is no' proposal to engage him for five years. I think it tar better to adjourn the meeting tOl we hear Mr. Wragge epeai on the subject, . Mr. Donaldson : I am In favor Of writing to the authorities. One rea son Mr. Hunt adduced against the establishment of B 'meteorological station in the North was the pop. illation basis. MIe said the popula*. ion did not warrant such a station, and it wojld be establishing a'pre cedent. To my mind that argument has failed because since then I hear that a Wireless Sfation has been es tablished at a-place called Macquario ?T«]aa«l. I do not s.-e where the poii . - - - — ^3 ? - ulation -comes m there. I think ' we should quote that in our letter. The subject is one which should interest «lf: parts of Australia, because South epa people have many interests in v ?. the North. I move that we write to the Federal Government and ask that a mcteorolobical station, te estab ' lished' in the Nortb, also that vo consider Mr. Hunt's argument about ? tha population basis is void. : The Mayor *. I am wi linj to drop . my' resolution. , ' Mr. Donaldson : I have followed this matter very' closel-\ and I ego e Jiir we should 'have a station in ? Nortb Queensland.' . Mr. Alison seconded th» motion moved by Mr. Donaldson. Dr. Tyrie': I will move an amend ment that action be 'delayed until a ^canvas has been, made among tfc« lfjtHfog business people, and it ' is aacertainea what financial support they will' accord the project. . The Mayor : We 'are going to fb- Government, and we expect them to Pay far the dot.,.- . ' ' -Er. Tyrie: A lot of people Conia here ana do nothing but -yap, yap, yap- *~' -. -. * 'Tlie. Mayor .:.? You do the same. , . -/©r.. ^Tyrfe : You ?_. are as good as anybody at yapping-. I will with draw my amendment. ? ._? The motion movfid by Mr. Donald Son was then put and carried. On the motion -sfDr. Tyrie, secon ded by Mr. Cariila, it was decided to support the action of the Cairns Chamber of Commerce in their . Agi tation for '«, wireless station at Cairpa. .V ' . ??_ ?  giinna K $0allar8of?imts KADINA, WEDNESDAY, APB1L 23. AN EGYPTIAN ENTEETAINEK.-Zingara, the great Egyptian entertainer, arrives here on Monday, April 28th, and opens for one night at the Town Hall. Ac cording to the press reports of the other States, local residents shonld witness something out of the ordinary in liis power to hynotige and mesmerise. We are assured that hia name is sufficient to cause you to laugh af.er you have seen him, as he is reported to hare even made the Sphinx laugh Besides Zingara there are several variety turns included in the programme. A WEATHEB FOBECAST.-" Albert Neil," Bruce, gives the following forecast for the 1913 season in the "Byre's Peninsula Tribune":-"We shall have one of the wettest Aprils for six years. People living in low-lying country are warned of flood waters. Before April 18 'we may expect useful general rains throughout the State, and extremely heavy rains in places. The raius will be caused through a coalesoence of moonsonal and sub-tropical depressions, beginning with gusty nortb-eaetily winds, veering to north-west, and later to south west with rougn seas. There will be some severe thunderstorms. For May we can anticipate further useful falls. June will have about the average rainfall, with some severe frosts. July tains will be more coastal, with some severe frosts to follow, and August useful rains, probably heavy after the middle of the month. September Hardly up to the average rainfall, cyclonic vinde between changcs. October-Steady, useful, and probably fairly general rains, aud before the middle of tbe month. November-Some heavy partial thunder storms. December- Heavy rains, and. probably before Christmas. So tbe result of the season of 1913, Irotn a farmer's point of view, will be somewhat similar to the season 1912, although tome of tbe northern areas that were unfortunate last season may be more 'ntky thie time. The squatter will have an extremily good season. OTHER WORLDS THAN OCRS CLEMJBNT WRAGGE'S splendid Tiews of the heavenly bodies. lfoth:ng like them screened before. See advt. SHEEP WASTED.-Elder, Smith & Co. announce io our columns that they have buyers lor tat sheep, score wetbers, lambs, ewes and heggetto. Selli_rs are advised to communicate as early as possible with the Wallaroo branch. A CHAMPION BANNER-MI G R Haddy, an old schtlar of tb> K &lt;diua Public School, has presented to tiie school a handsome banner, which is to be competed for every week by each data t»r the.greatest number of marks obtained iu ail tubjeeis, including regularity of attendance and good conduct, The banner which for the ditt week was won by the first, c'.az?, is at present on view in the fiftL diss schoolroom, this class havinp secured the ri*ht to hold it this week. Thebiuneris of royal blue trimmed with gold !i ir^e, tattt's aud silk cord, and a polished staff, has inscribed upon it in gold letters, "We are the champion class this week." The actton of Mr Haddy in pre senting tlii banner to tiie fcchoul, is one that is much appreciated by tbe head teach er (Mi J- is. Uu.U), L:a staff ol teachers and the scholars. Mr R. Gilholmc has also pre sented to'the tchool a drum-major's staff for the drum and Gta baud. CLEMENT WRAGGE'S famous lectures lift people to the grandest concep tions of tiie eternal." See adrt.  , GOllSESPOWBE^OE, YANKO IRRIGATION SCHEME. Sir, — Hero is an instance of what the public would have to put tip with, if we had . a leasehold, system of land tenure only and our Government the landlord, which we can; see /going on at ithe Yanko irrigdtiori area. At Leeton : 14 business blocks,. averaging slightly ovel' Qtip quarter acre each, were lately gazetted io'r' rental' at an average upset price of £13 per. lot. —on a five per cent, freehold '?? basis equal to: £1040 an acre. For one-quarter acre residential sites £6 a year rent, equal to £480 an acre freehold on a ; five per cent, basis. Reappraisement is to talce place at' tile end of -.first1 25 years, and every- 20 years thereafter. ' .The more industrious the' holders 'in, iiiakiiig the town go ahead, the gi-'erfter, , the rdnt tha^ ; niay . be ex pected. : ai the , ^ny of , ea'e'h': -fcerril .- No w . ' at Harden ilidre lia«! oee'n a kee-n deitlJlnq for building sites. Business one's have ^old up., to £9; a foot; and at Murru'mb'urrah £16 a. foot. Sites for -residences bring £25 to £46 a,quartei;. acre. Tlie demand for houses far exceeds the supply. -The Lands Department lately ofrer.ed.- some' (fuarlier acre blocks' in a central position in .tiar den at £1 per , annum . rental, reapp'raise liient' .it end. of 25 years;- ~etc. Not. one has b'ceir ajjpiied. for— the tenure won't be accepted. . In the first place, note the dif ference in the 'value of residential sites. £600 a year at Leeton, with an iincei{tain future (a new township). ;/ ^£1 a year . at Harden, where . over 350 railway : employes., are permanently settled,, and the centr,e of a. large farming district. /At Harden' the Crown has to compete with 'the. owners of freehold, land, who are' subdividing s'ani^ for resideijtial sites. At Leeton the Irri gation Trust, being th'6 sole l owners, can make their own terms,' and are doing so with a vengeance. Five blocks are ? ga zetted at Yanko, available early next month, one nearly two acres; annual rent £2/8/, capitalised at 5 per cent.~ equal to ' £100 an acre. Another of 105 acres, ca-- pital value £2151/10/, .or. about £20/10/ an acre ('Gazette,'' page 5656); --^ These lands were lately bought by. the Irrigation Trust at about £3/10/ an acre/ ...Mr. C. Lee, ex-Minister for. Worksy said ..the .irrigation biocks:,at , Yanko are, the, cheapest m the world. Mr. JPrefle, the Minister for Lands,, says the^ Ia^nd is .worth £100 an acre. Tlie; Yanko irrigation, land's , are .''classed equal, to that at the Goulburn Valley in . vic toria (see Mr. L. A. B] Wage's report, in 1905): There the lands are offered free hold -t. from £15 to £18 : an 'acre. By paying 6 per cent, on the capital : value ? and interest at 4 per ceiit.,' both are paid off in 30 odd years/ This is for land' about 100 miles from ' Melbourne. .At Yanko, 350 miles from Sydney, '2| per cent, is charged on the Yanko subdivision, averaging £23/10/ an acre capital' value,, or o per cent, on' £11/15/ (the actual cost): and on the Mirrool subdivision 2\ per cent, on capital value.iof £29 an- acre, or 5 per cent, on £14/10/ an acre^— land that is . reappraised every, 25' years, with perpetual' residence. It it. '.to, be wondered at that, although over 10,000 persons in spected the, Yanko blocks, only about 500 have been^ taken, i and some of these are, now ' being abandoned; also .that, although £7000 have: been expended in an up-to-date butter : factory, there are only about 30 cream suppliers— and cows practically found. With the result that every pound of butter now being turned out at Yanko must cost, ab least .10/ per lb, '? Arid: this is what our Labor Govern-; ment has. brought our '.first'* large 'national irrigation, scheme to.— rY.ours trulv, ;-. ? :; ROBERT GIBSON. to the Editor of the 'Albury Banner.'' ', ? : Sir,TT;A paragraph has appeared, in a: Melbourne. ..paper which stated that Sena tor Maughan had requested ' in the Sen ate that. a more efficient systeiu of wea ther-wai^ning stations should, be. estab lished in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast, and that the Common wealth Meteorologist had intimated that the Brisbane Observ.a/tory is not/ up-to- date. For 16 ''years' I was head of the1 Queensland ' Meteorological Service, and during that time I 'established / (as Miv Robert1 ? Philp, a former1 Premier, fully .admitted) a meteorological and Aveathei warning system1 second to nono in the world. Everything was first-class when 1/ left Queensland in ? 1903, and, as everyone knows, 1; used to issue weather ?'? forecasts' for every ic part of Australasia, ; which' /wore verified to: 95 per cent, in accuracy,- Mr. Hunt has done me a cruel, , wrong; and I can onl.v look to. an ../iinpartial, and just, public .and . press, for , some measure , .of redress. Tlio _ Commonwealth, , Meteorolo gist talks of, installing new instruments, specially suited to the northern /climate. ' Allow' me to say' that 1 'p'orsbnally ' fixed iri; position in/ 'Queensland' the very' best standard instruments in all' pai'ts ' of -tho' country, including '(.'ape York' Peninsula ami the ' far Svostv Sueh: instruments' lire' available ' all ;' --'th'6' '\vorkV bver^ and1' /tlio1 sooner that the Minister. 'in' charge' and Senators generally '. realise' this, 'Ulid'ask a few pertinent quoKtions in the House, the better : it \vill' 1)0 ifor the get) era I j-ublic and nhippin^. - -My voto was only £l.ri00 a, -yoivr... and the amount now granted to the Weather Bureau cxceotls,: : I: under stand, .-£22,000 anmially., ? Groot uoodiHjte! : What do thov do with .(,he- money?: AVIiafc have they. (ionq. wjith.. it?.. Tlie. llK^oni-' h.'ina' wont down am! so flic! ,. tho.. 'You~: gahi,'' and not a word of w.'irnijig.^ppoiu's. to have- bee./i issued by ..the Federal- Me teorologist, who just' lately has been con-' cluctin.u; a series of grotes(|iio experiments in Melbourne, showing how the last named steamer must have foundered. That is 8 great consolation truly. sto widows and :.- orphaned:/ ...children . ,;- If the. . Queensland Weather Bureau had been operating un- ?: x der my regime most ample warning would /'; ' have been givenV ? In existing circuni? / ,?/ stances,' a special' weather bureatl'otight ?/£';/ /': to be' established -at' Cairns oVTqwnsville /./;;; before the hurricane -'months] entirely in- / /te dependent ; of ' '? Federal] controli i ? and tli© ?;?'. '^XWh sooner this ; isf done' ? ?- the ? :-bette'i'i- ! vThe ; ? ? 'H;^ whole matter' is in.therhandsiqf theipublic, ? SJv'; and so; I leave: it,- ; Let^ justice h& done -:' '-//^a-;; though: the ? heavens fall^Yoursyijetc.y. '; ':.:'::^:. , -? - ?.-' ' ^CLEMENT 'WRAGGE,/:iiu-: /?. ZS:€^ -.- ? ?'??? .',-lPvlS-9;Sv,''El:Rj':Mefc;rj3ocivr«S¥5;: -?^?M^ '??' (La^tei : ' GQvertlfii^iit' / v Meteorologist r;i: of /? -0|;; Queensland; and :fprinerly.:lof: Ben Nevis/ -^|£$^ Observatory, Scotland;) :-?! - l{; ? !'! -1;.w' ; /'/ ';';v;S^ - ' ? '?'''??' '? i ?' 'i '' ' ? : ' - '*''- ' '- ' '!:-'' ?' '? :: */.J-ffir-':  our uneasy planet. A DISTURBING PREDICTION. ' Notwithstanding tbe disturbing, prophecy which has been attributed— on what grounds we do not know— to. our old friend Mr. Clement Wragge, now of New Zealand, to the effect , that the astronomical posi- tions of the sun and planets on 17th December would be "ominous and signi ficant," and that the axis of , the,, earth might . "wobble" — which, of course, gave rise to the usual rumor that, the , uneasy earth would never whirl its way in safety out of yesterday's darkness, tiie greater part of Victoria - fa reading "The Age" with its cocoa and customary calm this morning, conscious of no universal night- mare, and the planet breathes again — and not asthmatically. Perhaps some trembling mortals, heaved aighs of. still half-troubled relief, to find on waking thia, morning fbat' they had hot been carried away, by. the tidal wave, the expectation of which bad taken such a hold of the popular imagination. But the world which has survived the dooming prophecies of Mother Shipton and several others contrives to take these pro- dictions in a fairly philosophic spirit. Of course, there are many credulous . peoplo who dwell with superstitious fear , on the contemplation of these /end-of-the- world predictions. Some few, it is said, , have squandered their substance in one last long &lt;jag, determined to die. merry j some 4aa1« annual UftliHaTR pnrlv. SO OS HOt to miss them; some read H. G. Wells and books on cyclones; some shut the windows, turned the gaB off at- the ineter, and re tired early last night; some went to cburcb la9t Sunday. Most remarked on the color of the sky, and expressed .tiie opinion, that Mr. Wragge was responsible for some dirty weather, anyhow.  CYOTE WARNINGS. DANGERS TO SHIPPING. "SOMETHING WILL HAVE TO BE/, DONE." t "" " BRISBANE, Tuesday. V., Captain Irvine, majster of the Innamincka, I says . It Is urgently necessary that a meteor- I ologlcal station should be established In North Queensland for the guidance of ship-:. . ping In . the cyclone season. The Common- I wealth Government has refused an applica tion by tlie people of Cairns for a station., and a movement: Is- now being started for I raising money for the p.uspose of subscrip tion. A. suggestion has been made to bring, back Mr. Clement Wragge to take charge Of" the station. . v'.j. r Captain Irvine points out that storms along? .-the north coast come on, at .an . hour's notice,' and a meteorological station 'wriuld' probably ,. be -able . to .-give -24 hours' warning, which j would be sufficient. "Something will have ' to be done. If shipping disasters are to be ayerted," sold Captain Irvine. -"-  ~FROM ? VARIOUS SOvUROES :Running. a. country newspaper is not all sunshine. -A -rural-editor gives .the following hint:--'The fellow.who can play billiards,.- smoke cigars, have six penny drinks, shout for others, trip it, to Sydney, go to the -races, - etc;, should not overlook- the -fact that, he owes us a couple of quid." "D'yer see that there old: cove com in' outer. Jones' pub?". remarked the way-back leg-puller to. a .new " arrival. 'Well, 'e's the champeun boozer - or this: locality. He's been. drunk fur a quarter ov-a century, an' if !e wos ter wake. up: some mornin'- an': find 'imself sober I: do believe the shock would kill 'imr. Twelve-months ago 'e wos bitten by. a tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too." 'Did the .man die?" the new chum asked. "No," replied the bushman, 'but the snake: got blind paralytic drunk." Beauty is only skin deep, but curves is curves. "The Secret of Smart Dress," runs a -headline in a contemporary. -Some of the costumes we have seen recently hadnothing secret .about them at all. "Johanna" tells this one:in the "Bul letin"-An: exalted military, gentleman in Melbourne found himself beset by an :untidy young woman of - about 25 in a suburban street the other morn ing. "You're--, - ain't you? Well, BilT can't go- to- the war." "My .good woman, I--" - "I tell yeh straight. Bill can't go to the war,.an' .'e won't, so there. Bill's engaged, t' . me; then he goes and enllists. t' fight the Ger mans. Well, he won't go, see. He's said he'll. marry me, 'n' .he- ain't goin' t' - get. off .so easy. . I?;give -you iiy word." Can't you picture Bill in a snow-filled trench,-with a: bullet in his neck, getting -.off easy? All men .are born free and equal, but the majority of them marry later on.. Of troubles' connubial, jars and di vorce, This, we -believe, -..is ..the fruitfullest Ssource; A man .falls in love with a dimple or curl, Then -foolishly marries the entire girl. There was a man in our -town And he was wondrous small. He bought a big barometer" And put it in the hall. And when, the mercury :went down Because of wind and rain, He climbed on the umbrella stand And shoved it up again. If everybody on :earth spoke the -truth, and nothing :but the truth for twenty-four hours, we should find our -selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution the world has ever known.. Last .week (writes "Gossip," of the "Stock .and Station Journal") I had two-. schoolboys - staying with me, who -were .on their -way from Bedale's School, .in Petersfield, Hants, to Scot land. I took them to all the things we had time for, including the "White City," and. the- play of -"Grumpy," at the New Theatre. They had the time of: their lives. We visited the Tower of London,.and they .sawthe "Traitor's Gate,"- the site of the. scaffold where people used to be_ shortened, the idle soldiers, the ancient "Beefeaters," and allithe.armor and the guns and swords and crossbows, and weapons, of mur der,.-They were greatly interested, and when we came out I said, ,"Now, boys, what .interested you most about the Tower? What is .the strongest im pression, that you bring away from the old place?" The bigger .and older of the two (nearly 15) said:-"Well, my strongest impression, after seeing all the. armor and the-:weapons of-war is that the people of those times were fools." Before I -had time to express my views, the-younger one said, "Well, we're bigger fools .now." "Amen," said I .to that, and then we,talked! "Northerner" writes:-Anent the drought, the recent heat spell,- .and .the prospects- of the rain :whickh. promises: that when Queensland - summer rains come- early they slacken off before Christmas, and- a- wet; summer- comes: to the south of the continent. Why it should be so. even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess -to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. .A happyi monsoop struck- the north :last week,, and it: was. to the extent of 21 :inches in onepartiof the tropics. -Though this is nothing .to talk about -in -those climes where during the monsoon -time any place -north of Townsvllle whichl doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself . in .the: throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the .monsoons are early: this - season;and ;if history--:repeats -it self -we are going to have :a summer broken up by Southern Ocean- anti . cyclones which. spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at Thursday Island. and .Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a- placid summer, and when they have a placid one .we have a wet one. We- can do with it.  WRAGGE WEATHER. Beware of Hector/' I lie following special advice and fore cast has been received from .Air. Clement Y\ rugge, dated .Macclesfield. -June 2, 6 p.m.: —"The Antarctic disturbance "Aeneas' first mentioned in our advice of May 11, -when, he was to the westward of Kergueleti : Island, ran the easting down in high lati-| tudes. skirting the high pressures like an eddy on a back water of the .Murray. Dur ing bis passage he developed overlapping tongues of Antarctic vapors, which were condensed' into coastal rain by the anti cyclonic isobars. ' After rounding Cape Pillar, and as was the ease with 'Anehises,' his northern side became fused with a little tropical isolwrie loop, and caused the climax that mainly pr&lt;ilueed a renewal of floods in Mew South Wales (especially in the Monaro. Chrydir, Ttobertson, and Wer riwa districts), thus interfering to an ex tent with election business, and fully veri fying our forecast issued on May 20 at Broken Hill. If renders will kindly refer to our long advice published on May 13. none can say lint that it has been amply verified, especially with regard to the States, at " " eastern States, and shipping will hear full testimony. The weather chart of May 31 is wrongly delineated over south-eastern Australia, and liy no process of reasoning can the recent cold rains and wintry south east gale on the Victorian coast he termed "monsoonal,-" especially as the sun is Hear ing the Tropic of Cancer. Looking now to tlie future the Antarctic disturbance named 'Hector' is over the forties south from the Croat Bight. As soon as lie rounds Tasmania, and Cabo. and becomes free from the influence of the land'Hector' will most probably develop an extension in tongue-like form, down the Mew South Wales coast into lower latitudes. This will produce a renewal of misty so nth - westerlv to southerly weather with more rain south from Trial Bay. and strong westerlies at Brisbane. The Victorian and Tasmaniaii coasts may also expect another "'doing,' and our warning is given accord ingly. - * Priam" and 'Hecuba' will follow -Hec tor' in course, and wo have reason to believe that'ere -Tunc expires the inland districts of South Australia will expe rience useful intervening rains that will mainlv he caused by lunar tides impelling the Antarctic disturbance. But time proves all things, and we shall see! .'Hec tor will affect Hew Zealan'd within twelve davs, and Wellington and Cook's Straits especially will have cause to remember him. Thus the Dominion is hereby spe cially advised, and shipping cannot he too careful.'' '  . T/IEr/nOVimHj v/iow Confessions of Mr. Johnson. The Musical Expert Is Inquisitive:— In the confessions of Mr. Johnson, publish ed in the "Sun,", the Chief Commissioner for Railways and Tramways neglected a phase of his career most interesting to the public. It is well known that Mr. Johnson Is an enthusiast In the noble art of music. After all, looomotlves and .' tram- motors do not-lnterest people in their hours of leisure, except, perhaps, the .ones, fortunate enough to find themselves alive after, having been bumped by one of them. What we most want to know are the circumstances con nected' with the artistic career of Mr. John son; at what age did he develop a taste tor Requiems, at what period' in his career did he. begin to- plough his ionely. furrow at con certs, and under whose care and what cir cumstances was his taste for the higher art form fostered Mozart began to think out schemes for musical "Don Giovannis" when he was six months old, he played sonatas of his own composition long before his tiny toes could reach- 'the pedals of his harpsi chord; while Verdi at an equally tender age hammered out concords on his spinnet, be sides driving the people of his village to tho verge of distraction with the whistling of his "La Donna e -Mobile" arietta, which was then taking shape . In his half-formed mind. One can well Imagine, the baby Johnson, yet in the crawling stage, inventing inversions of the dominant seventh for tram motors, using lubricants of sweet triads on - locpmotlves, and, when he had reached the stage of early youth, calling forth the- bitter cry of outraged womanhood by placing the forbidden con secutive fifths of htghi steps on tramcars. Oh, Mr. Johnson, won't you tell us of the begin nings of your artistic career?' The Plagues of Sydney, Two hundred candidates addnaied two handled meetings in this State on Saturday night. A plague ol Dying onta descended upon the dty. For every spouting candidate was Saturday a handy date, The air was filled with rows and words, And— so my calculation was— the length of each oration was From eight to thirteen thousand words; And straight, for every single word every audience had heard, A flying ant was In the air, "I know the theory's absurd, And yet the flying ants were there. The common kind of flying ants, and truth ful ants and lying ants, And species multitudinous Of Llbby ants and Labby ants, and shining ants and shabby ants, Bamboozlin' and deludin' us. They hummed about the rerry boats and buzzed around us for our votes, They sang of Alice and ner woes, . They sang about Angora goats, And where tho latest tramway goes. And fussy ants and stolo ants, and grimy mock-heroic ants, And ants that dropped their aspirates, And wild denunciation ants, and (order, orde--) — mnatlon ants. Whom discipline exasperates. So, in battalions and as spies, they crept in noses, ears, and eyes; . One comprehensive curse we burled At words that, chased us in disguise, . "And' ail the ants in all the . world. At National Progressive ants, and 'other less impressive ants — A chap could never guess 'em all— And lots of country party ants, and greet- you-very-hearty ants, And ants infinitesimal. And every blessed ant that Hew was meant for me or him or you, But most of them have gone astray; Some wind has set their flight askew And where they finished who " can say, Something Unseotarlan. There were two cyclones In the country dis tricts at the week-end. One of them came from Bathurst, and blew over Cootamundra. Its obvious Intention, If not Its desire; was to blow Mr. Holman off the face of the earth. The name of this cyclone was Father O'Reilly. It .was one of the most violent atmospheric disturbances we have known for many years, and the total damage which It has done will not he fully known until De cember 6. At about the same time, anothor cyclone blew, at Brushgrove, Glen Innes, Yamba, and Harwood Island. This cyclone Is as yet unnamed, unless Mr. Clement Wragge has invented a nickname for It It was very vigorous, and quite unsectartan. At Brushgrove It blew, the Church of- England to pieces, and left the Methodist church severely strained; so that you might have thought it another O'Reilly storm. But It couldn't have been; for at "Harwood Island it wrecked the Catholic chapel, and It shifted a convent school at Yamba. How would Mr. Holman like to own a cyclone like that— to "ride In the whirlwind and direct the storm" —so that with one huge puff he could blow away, both sides In the ecclesiastical contro versy? ' 'p.-''-'-- 1 ' '/ » The Fig-Tree. r "And when he.saw a fig tree in the way, he came to it, and found nothing thereon but leaves only, . and sold unto It; 'Let no fruit grow on thee henceforward for ever.' And presently the fig tree withered away."— Mat thew,. ch. 21, ,v. - 19. "All thy. strongholds shall be like fig trees with the flrst-rlpe figs; If they bo shaken, they shall - even fall into , the mouth of the eater."— Nahum,' ch. 3, v, 12, "And the trees said to the fig tree: 'Come thou, and relgri over qp, /'Judges, ch. 9., v. 10. ; Si.-n ; "He hathjaid my vine iwaste, and harked my fig- tree; he hath: rriade It' clean bare, and cast It away."— Joel, ch. 1, v. 7, , . The' fig trees in Loftus-street are now equal lri political importance ;to Little Aline and the Angora goat. If. there' is anything in Biblical prophecy, what can the quoted texts foretell, - if riot a Lab disaster and a Lib triumph?  GENERAL NEWS. ' The failure of the Willuxiga Railway poll is causing many who advocated guarantee railways to put on their considering because "some say this and some say It 3s not unlikeJy that -during the next J session of Parliament the question may be -' debated again, and - the personnel of the previous division list may be chafiged. While there are no fresh developments in connection with the Willunga denouement, it appears to be generally understood that there is no disposition on the part of either party to hold- a Second poll. If such an appeal is required,' however, the Govern ment will facilitate taking the vote to se cure a satisfactory expression of opinion. A statement is being circulated that an effort will be made to amend the Act, which requires a two-thirds majority, in one of two directions—the reduction of that , majority, or some provision which shall en sure a clearer vote on the proposal. The Attorney-General (Hon. W. J. Denny) pointed out on Monday that the question of the continuance or abolition of the gua rantee system was complicated by the fact that the Angaston and other lines had been constructed under it, and that the liability of the ratepayers in the various districts had been fixed. _ Therefore, if the Wil lunga line was built without the principle attached to it, Parliament would nave to deride, in fairness to existing districts, whe. ther the guarantee should be continued. The follewisg-4s 'fee JetateSmrifc ^ the Jb^dtJbrayi agedlfijgeare^. who spswitb •kham Mr. H. Peckham ('tte tosrl') Vhen he drowned ^pentiy "in (he _ Viotori§ River, "Sunday hay- boss iana tab chme to the nver touct was la, flood, jive camped «li day, and next morning-we upntkl sfartM^rog ja^Sfee ' "when' toy: htorsft tilfeW mefihtfcam out tojtbe b»nK, and onlobking around. jaw my boss.trying to. drive, two noises pack which were making, down. 'Stream. When mybc&s gotta middle of stream tus horse drowned, ^and he- was floating'bn the water. Hecailed'oat to me "Sjive the packs,. no matter about me, 1 may catch A tree ftjihl$r *.$dln4'% Utig; it if I do got drowned.. Safe ,'the .pack's,'; X jumped into.-the river, got two horses, other *wo weat hack to sarfie side we started- from. X unpacked those which I got out,' then strain the river and unpacked the other two;, then made- search for my boss until - evening, but t'oiild not find him, I hobbled the two horses, then swam the river and hobbled the others. After doing this swam the river , again, then' went tip to station and told Mr. Tewnshend about my boss. Next morning he and several boys came to river, and we looked for my boss, but could ndf-find him." I bib light mails on them "with ndhkhorses." " And yet sotte worthless whites say there is Uo good in the blacks, - la order to obtain accurate firsthand in ! formation concerning the important ques ; tion of the cost.pf living in Australia, the [ Commonwealth Statistician (Mr. 6. EL ! Knibbs), about the middle of May, 1919, | sent out books of account to persons i throughout the Commonwealth, who i volunteered to keep a weekly statement of their income and expenditure during the 12 months from June, 1910, to June, 1911. About 1,500 of' the books, which contained provision for 52 weekly statements, wore distributed. The time is now approaching when the books should be complete, aba Mr. Knibbs hopes to receive a large num ber of carefully compiled statements soon after the close of next month. The value of ,any deductions to be drawn from a compilation of the results will of course depend on the care with which „ house holders have written up their weekly bud gets. It is boped, therefore, that' all thbse who have offered to keep the returns will send their books to the Statistician In as complete and intelligible a form as possible immediately after the last weekly state ment, has been inserted, about the be ginning of July next. The artistic victory which the flower gar dens have won over the severely utilitarian appearance of railway et&tions is something all can applaud in .these days when busi ness challenges sentiment at every point. Some of the trim, colour-plashed plots to be seen at various centres show how. hear j tily the movement has been taken up by I officers and men. "They have demonstrated .that a station is not merely a place of call along the thoroughfare for trains—shelter | shed, office, seats, and perhaps a signal box. J The flower garden, besides its decorative appeal, strikes a homely, soothing note. Many travellers have been refreshed by the fleeting glimpse of floral beauties murtured by the devoted care of railway men? and'it is gratifying to know fchht further impetus ! to these most creditable efforts is to be given by the Commissioner (Mr. A. B. ' Moncrieff, C.M.G.).' - He has decided to | award prizes annually for the best-kept gar dens and stations yards, and for this pur pose the railways have been divided into I five districts, as follows, vis.:—District 1.— All suburban stations, ie., Adelaide to Mitcham, Adelaide to Glenelg,. Adelaide to Henley Beach,- Semaphore. Largs, and Ou ter Harbour, Adelaide to Dry Creek. Dis trict ' 2.—Hills Line" Stations—Eden to Strathalbyn and Nairne. District 3.-—Mid land—Salisbury to Morgan and Hallett, ■Stockyard Creek to Moonta, Port Pirie, Boo leroo, Jamestown, Ports , Lincoln, and Broughton. District 4".—-Northern—XJlooloo to Belalie, Cockburn, Port Augusta, Oodna dnttSS District 5.—Southern—Callington to Pinparoo, Kingston and Beachport, Sandergrove to Victor Harbour and Milan®. The prizes for each district will be £5 first, £3 second, and £2 third, and in awarding the prizes the judges will also take into consideration the local 'conditions and the manner in which the station pre mises are lcent clean and tidy. The enthu siasm with which the garden, scheme has been carried out has been promoted largely by the assistance of Dr. Holtze (Director of the Botanic Gardens) and the Conser vator of Forests (Mr. W. Gill). Station masters who desire plants should communi cate at. onee with the General Traffic Man ager, so that these may be ordered and sup plied to the Stations in June. The number and description must he stated definitely in the application. Schools in the hills district were officially visited on Tuesday for the purpose of see ing what was being done and wnat required doing. The Minister of Education (Hon. P. W. Coneybeer), who is now practically in excellent health again, , says he finds his department keen and busy enough to jkeep him at a high pressure of industry. W-hile every" branch of tbe work is growing, new, and bigger phases of policy are opening, up." Education is moving with quick step, and all progressive countries are realizing that progress and enterprise must be in alliance if tne best system is desired. Tbe depart ment is endeavouring to meet that new spiritin as liberal-a manner as possible, but a more generous Act is needed. The Mount Barker High School, which has already proved a popular institution, was' visited on Tuesday" by the Minister, who was ac companied by tbe Director of Education (Mr. A. Williams) and the Director of Ag riculture (Professor Lowrie). Improved facilities are needed at the school, and the Minister was able to note tbem on the spot. Between 50 and 60 girls.and girls are attending, 6ome of them from as far us Murray Bridge. . Mr. Coneybeer was pleased with what he saw, and the progress which is be ing made will be encouraged- in every war. Other schools of the district were visit and Professor Lowrie .was able to inspect some of the experimental plots. His visit will guide him in advice to the teachers. The Director of Agriculture was pleasantly surprised at the advanced stage of. various plots. At Aldgate the visitors saw the remnant of a magnificent show of roses which the head master (Mr. J. Greenlees). who is an enthusiast in the-cultivation of the queen of flowers, had mads in the gar den. The Grunthal School was found in a rather dilapidated condition, and no time will be lost in housing the scholars more efficiently. _ — The steamer Irishman, which arrived"in tbe Semaphore roadstead on Wednesday mornjng, brought from Liverpool a lioness for the Adelaide Zoo. The lioness, which is said to be about two years old. was-born in the Zoological Gardens, Dublin, where several fine specimens of the king of the forest have been produced. Mr.•Muufctn went off to the steamer on Wednesday, and inspected tbe lioness, which is in sound health. €he will be removed-tpthe Zoo to-day, OAO At the! half-yearly meeting of the Execu ""tor, Trustee, and Agency--Company- on Monday the Chairman of Directors (Mr. . W. J. Magarey) remarked that the total of estates niSld-by various similar "com panies throughout "Australia at the end of , 1910 was £44,000,000, which represented a considerable growth on the previous year, .. ..and-.plainly indicated that the public Were -.satisfied with administration by companies. Two doubts which had had an effect on the public mind in the past were whether a. company could'properly administer an'es tate, and Whether such administration. ' .Would not "be more, expensive than private • trusteeship. If their friends Would give them an opportunity to reply to, those doubts there Would be no difficulty in sat isfying them on both questions.; A com pany such as theirs gave its whole time to the work, and the administration went on without difficulty. They did much. that a . private trustee would be justified in paying others to do. The Governor {Sir Day Bosanquet) was the principal speaker at the annual meeting ef the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals on Monday. His Excellency paid tribute to the enthusiastic and noble efforts of those who have endeavoured to improve the lot of dumb animals in South "Australia. He suggested that the keeping of animal pets in schools might tend to in culcate the spirit of kindness in the minds of children. "I know of no men more kind •r humane towards animals than the market Sarde'ners and carters in the district of the fount Lofty Ranees, near my home. These men-are excellent horsemasters, and exercise foresight in studying their -horses, through watching the weather. If . the roads are heavy through wet weather an extra horse is sometimes put. on to draw a load. Good horsemasters never, through a false sense of duty to get work done quickly, cause their horses to carry a load that would impose too severe a strain upon, them. I am sure that cruelty toward horses.is generally caused by want of con sideration and foresight on. the part of drivers." (Hear, hear.) Sir Day referred to the existing danger to animals through the slippery nature of asphalt paring in the city in wet weather. He trusted that the corporation would do something in the matter. (Hear, hear.) The lethal chamber owned by the corporation was a great ac quisition, and at meant humane treatment and a painless end to starving dogs and cats. The treatment given to those animal waifs by the officer in charge was gratefully acknowledged. (Applause.) In connection with the scheme of com pulsory military -training the point where the shoe is going to pinch will be in the officering of the force. For the 224 train ing areas in the Commonwealth it is esti mated that more than 4,000 officers will be required within the next few weeks, and in this State about 300 commissioned offi cers will be needed to meet the require ments of the Senior Cadet establishment. The pay amounts to £7 per annum for a hat i a. ion commander, £5 for a company commander, and £3 for a lieutenant, and judged from the statements of area officers seme difficulty is being experienced in se curing a full complement of officers. It was expected there would have been a more generous response to the call on the part of those officers who wez-e previously con nected with the cadet movement, as with the greatly increased establishment rapid promotion for all experienced officers would have been inevitable. In- the past the cadets have been officered to a great extent by those engaged in teaching at the schools, and what is, deterring many of them from joining the new organization is the fact that they will have to devote four full days, 12 half-days, and. 24 nights to drill during each year. The night parades they do not mind, but they do not feel in •lined to sacrifice their Saturday afternoons and holidays, as they consider they require some intervals of relaxation from the stren uous work of teaching. Area officers in the State recognise ■ the difficulty which ia facing them m this connection, and are using_ every effort to overcome it, but they question whether a full establishment of officers will be secured until next year, when the first draft of Senior Cadets will he passed on to the adult army. No com missionis can be granted under the age of 18 years, hut as approximately 3,000 boys will be advanced in South Australia next year to the fighting strength, 110 difficulty ebould then be experienced in selecting ail the subalterns required from the non-com missioned ranks. Professor John Cox, M.A., LL.D.. who for 19 years was associated -as Professor of Physics and Director of. Physical Labora tory,, with the McGill University, Mont eal, Cai * ... real, Canada, and has been living in retire ment in London for two years, is visiting Western Austi-alia to deliver a sei-ies of lec tures on university work. After his en gagements in the western State have been completed, Professor Cox intends to visit Adelaide, Melbourne, Sydney, and Tas mania, and will return to England by way of America. The wearing of plumage in women's hats finds no favour in the eyes of Mr. E. B. Grundy, K.C. Speaking at the annual meeting of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals on Monday he sounded a not.e of war against the millinery item in question, and that, notwithstand ing the fact that there were members ""of the fair sex present who, judging from ap pearances, were not in accoi-d with the sentiment. "What can be a cure for this evil of greed which so often- causes cruelty to birds?" nst-sd Pip siipalrpr "Tti„ Cnm. to birds?" asked the speaker. "The Com . monwealth and the State Governments are doing their best in the matter, but I have read with regret that Adelaide is not free from the evil. Protected Queensland birds are sent down to Adelaide and shipped from here to Europe. The evil cannot be put down simply by legislation. It can be met in one way alone, and that -is by the women of Australia determining that they will not wear plumage taken from birds. If the demand for plumage ceases, the sup ply will cease. So long as women ask to liave these plumes in their hats, so long will there he found men who through greed will be willing to commit atrocities to sup ply the demand. I appeal to the women to be content with artificial plumage in preference to the real article. I understand that if a trade in artificial feathers were helped it would supply labour for thou sands of men, women, and children. The artificial feathers,. I am told, are not in ferior to the real article, except in price." (Applause.) Mr. Grundy referred with deep regret to the fact that seme well known Australian birds had been almost exterminated through wanton slaughter. There had been wholesale destruction of tlie unique lyre bird, and the demand for egret plumes had also been responsible for atrocious cruelty. It was regi-ettable, too, that the albatross, "the sail ore' friend," 1 and a bird that might be said to be the property of all nations, was being de etroyed in thousands in the North Facifio. ■ The railway earnings for the week end ' -May 27 amounted to £35,426, agaix ! £30,210 fojr tfrg corgysponding period of 1; jrear* . : " ' i - At a m^tinjf lield in thMeAdedaideTb^i S Hall on* Friday evening for the puijwse of ) (Hon. T. Bruce, M.L.C.) said Yorkshire. men had much to be proud of. They, lad . one of the finest, countries in.the,.mother-, land. They, had sent to other parts of the ' : wprldsome of the best of immigrants ;;and?j business men. They .shrine particularly in7 literature, art, - seienee.' the church, the l " id the "" ~ ' " ■ " ' " 1 navy, and the army. Out of four Adelaide , Bishops three of them were Ybrkshireroen. ^So far as navigation was concerned, what pWnntry could boast of such a man as Capt. Cook? If it had nOt been for Cape. Cook they would not be forming - a Yorkshire , Society that night. All England was proud - • of him. The antarctic explorer, Sir Er-'j ; hest Sliackleton, was'a Yorkshireman,- and . ; although he did not quite reach the south" pole he got so near to it That they could i hardly tell the difference. (Laughter.) -i Yorkshiremen were fond of horses. . He J j had been in Australia for some time, and. I he liked to see a really good bit of "horse flesh On the turf. It had been said, "If you give a Yorkshireman a bridle he-will ] find a horse." (Laughter.) There was pro bably no. country in the world whose people, took such a wholehearted interest, in reli gious matters as Yorkshiremen. They : might be of. different denominations, but-j they all believed in the goodojd Book. In' moving that the society be formed. Mr. - G. W. Illingworth said they recognised .Yorkshire as second.to.no country. (Ap plause.) They, admired and loved Austra lia because they lived-in it. The motion i was carried. The competitions of' the Southern Lite rary and Musical Union, and of the Band Association, which had been running for 32 evenings, together with a number of day sessions, at the Unley City Hall, were con cluded before a large attendance on Friday evening, when the musical adjudicator (Herr Carl Sauer) delivered the last batch of his awards. The popular -musician has delighted the audiences with his humour and good judgment as evening after even ing he has carefully gone over the points of the various numbers and given advice, commendation, and admonition to the con testants. He declared his intention last evening to get out point cards for all the 400 competitors in the musical sections. One could well" believe, from the thorough ness he has always put into his work, his statement that he often remained up until 4 a.m. going over the points of an even ing^ competition, so as to give, a well balanced judgment. A farewell concert will be given to Herr Sauer this evening, when the adjudicator will give several pianoforte numbers, and a special programme of music and elocutionary recitals will be pre sented. Last Sunday there was a rehear-, sal of massed cooirs in the Unley City Hall, but a similar programme projected for to-morrow will, not be held. | on rnday last Sr. McGregor - (Acting i Minister for Defence), when chatting about the Coronation, said that he was the 27th direct lineal descendant of King Fergus I. ; of Ireland and Scotland (says The Mel- i i bourne Herald). The Minister also 6aid that the Coronation stone inside the chair to be used at the crowning of King George was originally brought from the Kingdom of Israel, by an escaped Princess of the ■ i House of David, and taken by her together - | with the Ark of the Covenant, Aaron's ; Rod, and other things, to Ireland at the 1 time of the Babylonian captivity. The sena- , tor lias received a letter on the subject r j from Mr. George Higgins, of Orchard ' i House, Haverbrack' avenue, Malvern. Mr. Higgins asks for the titles of any authorita tive histories, giving information regard ing the "Stone of Destiny." Mr. Higgins states that the subject was first brought under his notice years ago by the late Mr. llobinson, manager of savings banks, and recently by Mr. E. Stranger, of 56 Rose., street, Fitzroy. EndeaVours were now be- 1 ing made to collect legends and histories bearing on the matter. Mr. Higgins asked, "Whose was the prophecy that wherever Scotch- blood goes, the stone shall be tlm ruler?" He also asked, "Where is the evi dence that Jeremiah brought a Princess of Judah to Ireland." Sr. McGregor has been'; too busy to reply, but lie states that he ! will return to the subject at an early date. He expects to be able to convey some in teresting details. There may be seen in the windows of Messrs. Sands & McDougall, King William street, a beautiful example of the art of the ■ silversmith—-a piece of work produced en- 1 tirely in Adelaide. It is . the shield pre- ] sented by the South Australian Bowling j Association to the. Victorian team, which ' won the Commonwealth four-rink tourney ! at the Christmas bowling carnival. For originality of design the trophy is unique, and connoisseurs have expressed the opinion that no better production of the kind has been locally executed. The shield is shaped like an arch, and around the curve run the words:—"Commonwealth bowling championship." Standing in relief is a typi cal bowling clubhouse, with a flag at the masthead. Groups of bowlers and lady friends are shown in the verandah. A beautiful lawn (in dull silver) stretches away, scroll-shaped, to the foot of the shield. Kneeling in characteristic attitude, j j and upon the conventional mat, are a ' couple of bowlers—delivering their bowls i to a clump of "timber" surrounding the I | distant jack. Creepers twine over the ■ j clubhouse, and hedges flank it. Handsome sprays' of wattle drape the scene, and j there are also a large monogram of the as 1 sqciation, the name of the winning team, 1 groups of bowls, and climbers of gum [ leaves and blooms. | After dealing wltn tnc gold return ai Tai 1 eoola. the pastoral areas available for settlement-, and interesting statistics con cerning the wheat and flour export, the bul letin prepared by the Intelligence 'Officer {Mr. V. H, Ryan) for transmission to Eng land last week gives the following informa . tiou concerning butter shipments:—"South I Australian produce always finds a reaiy ] market in the United Kingdom, and since the establishment of the Government Pro-. , duce Department and the appointment of a Trades Commissioner an appreciable in crease in the output of perishable produce has taken place. Producers now know I that should the local market fail they can profitably export through the department, consequently they haye not hesitated to extend their operations. The dairying in dustry especially has expanded, and tile exportation of butter this season shows a marked improvement compared with pre vious years. In 1908-9 a total of 456 tons was shipped from Port Adelaide, in 1909-10 822 tons, while the aggregate shipments to date for the 1910-11 season total 1,747 tons. The quantity of butter made in. the State now exeedesJJJ million pounds annually. Most of the separating is done by farmers on their own farms, and the cream is then forwarded to the .various butter factories, which give employment to a large number of people. The opening up of new lands and the extended practice of irrigation in the Murray Valley and at other places un der Government supervision have given a. great impetus to the- industry, and these: totals will probably be exceeded in the near , future."* ; \ have a nil": IS - a ti II •»oflj^ Jurther.expregsiobfl^ mpted. Government^'.ik^rtmehts in -Ade laide : are ho w^eprehd "• over many' iplaces. Btart :Somewiiete 6quare..;Sqme/are:^,^ big ; dera street while it is a case bf"*here, therel, and every-: here* iall over the shop;" The Government ispushing on speedilywith schemes :iorVre uevrng the pressure; but- fresh difficulties crop up.. The latefcxiepartment .to require more, room is the Lands titles Office, and additionalaccommodationis-tobe-provided. The Attorney-Gen crap (Hon. W. J. Denny) and the Superintendent of Public Buddings (Mr. C. E. Owen 'Smyth)' J;8.0.) ,• have" in spected. the rooms; and-they pre convinced. of-the justice aof.the request. ^The enlarged • offices -will contain a strongroom for the security and preservation /-of certificated of title and other Important documents. : The way to. the Federal Land Tax office is up-a winding stair, it occupies a* modest couple of-rooms in Pirie street; and the stalf of 15 odd, under the Deputy Commis sioner (Mr. L. A.. Wells) Is worried by iigure-studded returns. To. date, about 1,700 assessment" notices have been • issued, but insufficient data have dejaj'ed others. The_ neglect to supply the required infor mation has occasioned some . difficulty,; although on the whole there has not been' cause lor serious complaint In this direc tion, So far approximately £12,400 has been paid by landowners, but the assess ments sent out total a little more than. £100,000. A few hundreds of appeals have been received,'chiefly in view of the test case in Melbourne,"whether the Act is con stitutional or not. Many have settled their accounts under protest. Returns for seve ral large estates ■ and for other smaller pro perties have gone to headquarters, because the holders possess land in "more than one State. South Australia, no doubt, will be credited with her proportion of the amount. The officials state , that there is an abundance of work. following upon the joint ownership and trustees returns, which entail exacting and arduous investi-' gation. One may guess that the staff -at the Melbourne headquarters is having a particularly lively . time. In a few days the alienation notices (D, and E. farms) will be dispatched to the various ' post offices for distribution. In accordance wjth regulation 23 these require owners to give notice of all lands bought and sold since noon of June 30, 1910, the date on-which the last assessment was made. A descrip tion of the land must be furnished, and also the _ following particulars:—Date of contract "of sale; date when purchaser ob tained. or will obtain possession; unim proved value Of the land; sale price; amount paid bv purchaser: amounts of suc ceeding payments; dates of succeeding pay ments; amounts owing by purchaser to sel ler, and secured by mortgage. or charge i on the land;- amount lent to the purchaser by the sgller and not secured by mort- i gage, or charge on the land; and amount ; owing by the purchaser to any other per- j son and directlv or indirectly guaranteed, bv'the .seller. It is interesting to note that the .total number of taxable returns re ceived to date is 1,760 and 2,113 of a non taxable character. i Our Wirrega correspondent wrote on May 29:—We have had a week of rain bows, gorgeous and glorious rainbows in the west, painted by the ■ great sun god rising slowly from his resting place j after a long winter night's repose. Rainbows in the east, covered with not less brilliancy by the sun god, whose brush is shafts of. light a hundred million miles in length, as lie descends behind the evening's purple tint and veil of clouds. Rainbows of single arch, but oh, how beautiful, resting upon the treetops and reaching high to wards the zenith, broken here and there by fast-fleeting clouds having no time for the portrayal of Noah's sign, but quickly giving place to kinder vapours which lend themselves without delay to the great artist to complete the rich design. Rain bows of double bow without a break from base to apex, whose chromatic tones so softly blended are thrown into strong re lief.by lowering, dark and angry clouds be yond. Rainbows all alike in form, yet caph one different in degree of loveliness, biil_ all beautiful.' Such has been the ex- - Eerience of the farmers of the Border •onus during the past week, with seeding operations in full swing all the while. Has any one ever before seen a smoke mirage? Some one must have—perhaps some did the one narrated below—for if a j phenomenon can appear at one place it must be .possible for it to appear at any other. However, a man was on Tuesday morning 1 standing at his door at .6.30, when there appeared an amazing mirage. The door faces Hindmarsh, and the smoke from Hie bottle works chimney, situated across the Port road, Croydon, was blowing in a steady straight line to the south, showing vellow against the darker morning clouds. Suddenly a cow appeared, surrounded by a halo of the yellow mass. There she stood, , calmly chewing her cud in tlie most ap- ■ pifovod bovine fashion, looking, "as Mark Twain, would say, like an angel with her ,' mouth half-full of pie. investigation ' proved the cow was in the paddock of , Mr. Kernick, draper, of the Port road, ! who resides at West Hindmarsh. But by j what feat of strength had the smoke clean lifted that cow. from the ground and held her in suspension 50 ft. above the earth ? | Not that the cow minded, for as the cur- ; rents raised or lowered the smoke stream i so the cow went high or low. Still she j munched on; the movements of her jaws ] were visible with extreme distinctness. At . 6.45 her outlines blurred, and "then she. dropped or "vanished into smoke." But Mr. Kernick can say she has. neither been killed nor spirited away. Yet the early morning observer saw her go. In Fhiianu-El, a Jewish paper published in San Francisco, Mr, Maurice Brodzky, a well known Australian journalist, discusses Mr. Zangivill's Australian scheme. What Mr. Zangwill wants is to secure land in Wes tern Australia capable of accommodating a Jewish population of one million. It. is not his intention to transport a mililou Jews from Russia at once, but he wants land reserved for a million to be sent out gradually. He also wants a Government guarantee that no. impediment to his scheme would be placed on the Common wealth's statute book. Mr. Brodzky re marks that 'there is not any fear of any amending of the present Australian immi gration laws to -keep Jewish agriculturists out of the country, and suggests that the Jewish Territorial Organization should try, by way of experiment, to settle a.hundred Russo-Jewish families on the land in Wes tern Australia, "It is quite certain," be' adds; "that thfe experiment would 'prove an $!$? rS*eb" tjXvfls once >a: ve&ident of thisdirtrtct.It'is ^tlie:-iirat recbrd d£i tbe Mding .nf its t? ;The..: AttonieyJIeneral _; has received the,': -fohpTOoi?memorandum from ,-His.vjfflohoi"-:| Mr, Commissioner Russell:— ;.^%Uj®lJ;'f«ilB'- 'jfio« ■Limited,, versus -Wbybrow &' Co.—I I-wish to .make': a., fewrfiuggestioua Sotincorpora ting-:in -the proposed Biil.jwith ;-.a view to simplifying the Workmen's Coin ' nehs'ation Acts. The English Act was i -builF up on - the basis of English factory legislation, and otfr. South Australian Acts in part followit.- The word 'factory': is now made - to include a number of business concerns that neverWere and never can be ..feetories asordinarily understood. The rest of. the. provisions are 'twisted aM turned about in an: effort to be adapted to fit the' factory idea. The whole, thing ; is .wrong, confusing, and difficult of interpre tation. I recommend 'reframing the pro visions, .'which could be done by using, most of your-own Bill. I should start by clearly enumerating—(a) The employments., to which the Act is intended to apply; .(b) the persons liable (including what have been erroneously called the subcontracting provisions);' (c) the workmen entitled to compensation udder the Act, including de pendants in the case of death; (d) the.in juries for which compensation may be ob tained: (e) state the limit of compensa tion; (f) provide the procedure for obtain ing compensation. (The present provisions would .only require revision.) ' (g) Miscel laneous provisions. On these lines I see . no reason why, instead of having a code that" now nobody understands, a simple measure could'not be passed that 'he who runs may read.'" I The annual elections in connection with ! the district councils in South Australia are drawing near. Nominations for Councillors and auditors are due pn Monday, June 19. ■ and where a poll is rendered necessary it will take place on Saturday, July 1. Speaking of his trip to Vavau to observe the eclipse of the sun on April 29, the j Government Astronomer (Mr. G. F. Dod j well) stated on Sunday that the work of r the Australian expedition had been-success , ful, Good photographs of the inner corona : showing the details of structure and pro minences had been secured. Tue outer corona was obscured by clouds; but had been observed by Capt. Holford, of the steamer Tofua, Mr. Clement Wragge, and others. ' Mr. Worthington, who conducted a private expedition, and who was located a tew hundred yards north of the Austra lian camp, had obtained the best pictures. This showed the wisdom of having separate, parties. The results of the expedition would not be fully known until all the photographs had been carefully studied and a report compiled. The records ob tained would be valuable in advancing the knowledge of the. corona, of which com paratively little was known owing to the briefness of time during whichnt had been possible to niake observations. It was visible only during total eclipses, and "the totality was of short duration. Since the corona had been .scientifically studied -the observations would not aggregate more than a couple of hours. Astronomers felt that it was their duty not to allow any eclipse to pass without taking all possible observations of the phenomenon. The. coroqg was known to be connected jyith sunspots and terrestrial 'magnetism, and in the study of solar physics one object was to find out more about the relation-" ship between solar and terrestrial changes, including meteorology and the influence of the sun upon, organic life on the earth. It is understood that a fresh action is pending in connection with the quashing by. the Supreme Court of the Mount Com pass poll on the Willunga Railway. Mr. Ryan, M.P., entertained the working com mittee favourable to the construction of the line at Parliament House this week, and future work was discussed. A new cam paign is now being mapped out. The bronze equestrian statue of the late Marquis of Linlithgow to be placed on the granite pedestal in the triangular garden in front of the Federal Government House arrived by the steamer Zeiten to-day (says Monday's Melbourne Herald).. It will be ■unveiled by the present Marquis, the eldest son of the first Governor-General, who, with Lady Linlithgow, is expected to arrive in Melbourne, about June 11. The sculp tor (Mr. Birnie Rhind, RiA.) represents Lord Linlithgow in the uniform he wore as Governor-General and Commander-in Chief of the Australian forces. He is seated on a charger, which he holds in. check with his left hand, his right resting gracefully on his thigh. The costume is said to resemble that of a general's undress uniform, with a gold military sash over his left shoulder, while over his right shoulder isHhe sash of the Order of St. Michael and St. George. The left breast is ornamented with the stars of his. various orders. The horse and rider, which stand 12 ft. high, will be mounted on a pedestal 13 ft. in height. The statue was cast in bronze in Naples by Parlanti, who has turned out a, number of famous statues, including that, of Gen. Gordon, in Spring street. The pedestal .which has been erected for the statue bear? the following inscription:— ."The Marquis of Linlithgow, P.C.; K.T.. G.C.M.G.. G.C.V.O., first Governor-General of Australia, 1901-2, Governor of Victoria 1S89-1895." The enclosure in which the . pedestal stands is to he transformed into an ornamental garden, with grass plots', and gravel paths. The. question lias arisen in connection, with the boundary dispute between South Australia and Victoria, whether South Aus tialia, having lost-the action, has now a riglil to appeal to. the Privy Council (says The Melbourne Herald). Section 74 of the Commonwealth Constitution' provides that no appeal shall he permitted to the King iii-Couucil from a decision of the High Court upon any question howsoever ans-1 ing as to the limits inter se of the Consti-1 tational powers of the Commonwealth and those of any State or States, unless the High Court shall certify that the question is one which ought to be determined by His Majesty-in-Counc-il. The High Court may so certify if satisfied that for any spe cial reason the certificate shall be granted, ; and thereupon an appeal shall lie without' further leave. Except as provided in the section, the Constitution eliall not impair any right which the King may be pleased to exercise bv virtue of His Royal prero gative to grant special leave to appeal to the Privy Council. It is a very moot point as to whether a dispute between two States in regard to territory comes under the section.: If it does, the High Court may grant special leave to appeal; but if it does not, the South Australian Government may apply direct to the Pfjvy Council fo? leave to appeal, • • It is probable That fine weather 1013 ifgf rail during the next few dais. . pressure system now lies .off-T'8{P&4^>jsBMg " ur the west ; an anti-cyclone ?■ 18,..aiapiRij|| developing apd moving eastward, ■ suit of which damp, foggy , moimrti|SS^® predicted, with misty showers oyerjjfp ranges and in the south-east. As ■ vances thecloudswlll disappear. The flirawi i will be cold and damp, with fogs vjae& 1 frosts, especially in "the north, >■, ■ The • Secretary of the -Emigration (Mr. G XL JBoykett) Btatcd J}m* wedr.' that 23 immigrants _ arrived M. ' the Orontes. - ' They ■■ were aU. mechamcw^Jjg :ilabdii'ret8, 'and are ji fihe' let^rfoenRflBiftg 'iip „t&lt;o -the 'Standard -of ..iliwe-" brought" Id" the State nnder|tne'^a| • of the league. Their .type indicated ful selection. . Already the majorit " the emigrants have, foundsuitable vment, and are perfedijr satisfied'witnjTO5»| . new conditions; of living. Anpthfer^jg^ will arrive in a week or two, afid nagapFg ;-liave been arranged "for otnars: tp lano-aT; intervals Tate into July- ■ the league is. experiencing gi«&lt;t.di.fficaW&lt;^ obtaining sufficient acc6minodation on ]tn&lt;|; - steamers trading with'the Commonwealth^! The demand for passages to. uu ^ of States is large. //-*•-' I Mr. Charles H. Goode," who" celebrate* , the eighty-fourth anniversary ^thissbmtn day. on May 26, told a representative^.m% Observer last week a remarkable atoi^ OM^ • lost brooch."Half a- century ago; he vgnW| . one to a. lady "relative. , It was jngdj^l^ gold and blue enamel. She kept nt 30 years; ■ and then"by mischance dost it. -'\YearaM^i! the lady told Mr. Gonde that when^trg^ ling by train to Broken Hill ahe^had. sp^v ' another lady passenger wearing the brooch; . which she would-like .to have vr®5°YeA;5 but had not cared to mention. thM-ntma* once been her own property. She..ha«;| no idea of the wearer's name or place oi, i residence. Several more years. elapseo. . I during which nothing had been known-nl;, - the whereabouts of the brooch. -At'length one of Matthew Goode's tm-el ers brought, J± across to Mr. Charles Goode s office. Jm explained that he had found it on the scat ■j, of a carriage in the Broken Hill express. 1 On examining the brooch he noticed in. a^ locket space underneath it a youthful por - trait of Mr. Charles Goode, which he re- : cognised as similaT to .one he had scen .iu the office of the firm where he was em-.; ployed. Thus he was able, after many; years, to restore to its former owner.The.. ; valued Jrinket which bad had such, strange. ' wanderings. " " -: The Railways Commissioner lias^lu»th«> ;; rized the-expenditure of £5,000. foiv.mt : purchase and erection of additional macto nery in connection with the Islingtoii wdnOo chops. The line will include lathes .«*§£ drilling, turning and grinding machines^ reiv , resenting additional' plant to cope with ih&lt; work. A sum of £5,500 has been providq^ for the rearrangement of the Gavvlor jailry way station yard, and a portion prit/Wlkj be devoted to Ike removal and re-ereetiOn •! , the loco, running shed. Cottages^ for .traf. fic employes will be erected at-CutanajV; Ucolta, • Winnininnie, and-Wan^Own.i*^ a cost of. £2,780. With the.establishmwk", of the metropolitan' abattoirs at Cross it has been found necessary Jo,cfe | struct two cottages at this new. stahon at)d: ! two more at Dry Creek, which tpgetter, i will cost about £2,500 "Accounts liave also; I been authorized to.provide railwav teler i phonic* communication between . ; i albvn and Milang, and to substitute Jor., 1 Winter's block system' now used for the_ ! safe working of the railways the .electric; staff system The block' system consists KgSS with bells, while the" ^ifi". which is to replace' it is on the same ]«"«-. ciple as that, adopted on the single eleewm ear lines. . j ;a: Two narrow-gauge enmnes left .the ling ton works last week, one for . use ^ on the narrow-gauge lines nortb of Terowiei and the other to run south of ley. Each was mounted on what js P°P«' : larlv known ~as a crocodile for purposes of ^ ti^nsit over the broad-gauge section. The Rev. W. G, M. MimphyrspeMiin^aLj the annual meeting of the Adelaide. ^ift-2 cesan Missionary Association attheC-hurc*. Office on Monday evening, said, that whi!«,;: in England recently he. had bad tbwe^p periences which threw.incidental »8btu«» j.; the value of missions. A felloiv-paseenget .. between South Africa and Ixindon- hattheen^ a-gentleman whose business was the £»« . of skips of large game. Teat man had tp d , him he preferred to deal with the-^ldg blacks, because the missionaries got of bis best hunters and turned.them ipto agriculturists. . They prospered so . much-; that tliey did not care to take theivislca-oj .. tiie chase, and he had to moye furtlier inte . the backwoods as the missionaries . ad" vanced. On a London tranicar a : visitor to the metropolis had .found himself j without small "change for- his tare. ... "j-J; (the speaker) had «iaid his-fare, and M counselled the Oriental not to exhibit hia:| -old coins on a public vehicle, ihe JaP| ;j nese replied—"English thieves no g&lt;md{ > Japan thieves would .take it quick. . - rr eastern visitor wanted direction to M>tn&lt; back thoro'uglifare off Regent ftieet, pointing to tfi'e minister's collar ne skldiM «I go with him," and declined tp acceptyj the attention of any other per^ou oh ^hfj car. Evidently (said Mr. Murjffiy) ^Sag had been so impressed with the; high cha&^: acter «jf the missionaries in his own. Ifiiidg that he felt he could trust a member of; the cloth anywhere. (Laughter.) rh6Ja.-fc incident he would refer to whs an ,M.dresB:g ;bv a late Governoi^pf South Austria (fcifsj Cjeorge Le Hunt* who liad membrances by hiiii to the people of wfflyn g Australia. (Applause.)- Sir Georgfe ihad;. told him bow in. the wilds-of Hew. yuinea.^ , he had seen a tribe of savage, whose eyes^ flashed at- the white men fikeJhe eyear.ql.jg eagles ready for. their, prey, but at his.pexv, - i visit to the same quarter, aftei the men;,, i "had come under the influence of The mis-; I eionaties they were as tame as baind0pr ::' I fowls, (Laughter.) That was .not Sir i George Tie Hunte's simile,-but, at. any rate,-: !.it roughly, conveyed hja meaning. (Laugh;| ter.) Our "'Nttriootpa correspondent write is announced that on and after June aiid Co.'s mail coach will cease to ruQ,-j|m^f i from that date the mails will be carried rtoSgt I train. This-is certainly breaking, jip ep j associations, as the coach has run tlirpMbgi here for 42 yeai-s conb'nuously, and fpr.-3fl|.J years of that period Mr. Perry, of I ton, was on the drivers seat. Tlie I'ass. - 1 ing of the coach clearly shows the advance. . ment the d'mtrict is making. . , , An alarming incident occurred in grounds of Hampton Ckiurt Palace during I S south-westerly gale which swept mm England last month. ; An elm trefev .WJL S, ana 6 ft. ia circumference, w*; rooted,-and fell on a party tt tourists, two a| whom .were plnned to -tto ground- and subsequently xempyed^ ie .hpB «ital -with broken limbB.' 'A -third .inembe* , f the party w^i itainred kffi Mripsslft ,&lt; :—j " ' ' *""'C ' / "rr.'jM'it-jnTr 11.^ Wi'_' ■. ; Th» President; of the British Immigra Xiiom League (Mr. W., Herbert Pliillipp.B) made the -following statement on Saturday f* reference to the question asked by Aid. Hutchinson of the Acting Mayor of St. Peters at the meeting or-the council of that municipality on Friday, whether the (British Immigration League was allowed to jbring into the country consumptive people. PTlilk-enquiry/' said Mr. Philhpps, 'us tan ' [tamount to making an actual charge, and jit would Have been much better to have, lai&ed ihe league. When I was in London *' V mhde careful enquiries again and again tto the methods of work of Tie Central ■employed body in the metropolis, (rough whom emigrants are sent to the {British Immigration League.' One condi ^tionthat is rigorously insisted on by the . '^unemployed body is that every person sent LOufc by it shall be thoroughly healthy and K>f sound constitution, and no person is ac /c'epted until after the most careful investi foaticn, and then only on a doctor's certifi cate. On "reception here they pass through fthe hands of the officials of the league, ilwhb have never yet seen one doubtful or Uinhealthy p^tson. I find that in ope case jh manwho arrived in a perfectly healthy Mate, and was sent into the country, fell /111 subsequently with a chest affection, V,wiueh, he said, arose through his having sfelept in a damp room. He was treated in Vthe city, and as .a precaution was sent to jffCalyta, where he rapidly recovered, and ^kvas discharged a thoroughly healthy man, "lino 'consumption having developed. The . /affection proved to have been nothing more Jtbah a severe cold. I have no reason to jijoubt the absolute accuracy of the infor . motion given to me respecting this one 'man. As far as my information of the jipelhods extends there is infinitely less probability of any unhealthy person being Introduced through the British Immigra tion League than by any general system of immigration." There is little fear of. South Australia becoming a dump hg -ground for unhealthy immigrants, : 3 though some doubt appears to fiave been cast in that direction. The orecautions adopted both by the Govern ment and by the British League ensure {liberal protection, and the chances of a shyeically undesirable person reaching this state .through those channels are narrowed jdown to a remote possibility. The Goveru '.Vicat Immigration Officer (Mr. E. J. Field) - Contends that under the official icgulations .■'fit is practically certain that people having ujouily or -mental defects or apparently ua ■ St for work cannot arrive as immigrants. £n every case a doctor's certificate is neces ary, wnd then the authorities in England jjhare to be satisfied of its genuineness. In fibructions have been given to the London fvfficdals to exercise the greatest cure in the selection of immigrants. The first batch fbnder the Government scheme will arrive /shortly, 'I'-ii 1 Owing to the active demand for silver .join the various banks in Adelaide have Just secured from the Commonwealth Trea Suiw £26,800 worth, and the distribution > was made on Friday. The florins bear the j bead of King George, and are the first of {the kind in Australia. The supplies of the I various denominations were:—2/, £9,600; 1/, £8,400; sixpence, £4,000; and three pence, £4,800. i  SCATTERED SHOWERS. The Meteorological Officer - (Mr. Brom ley) remarked oA Saturday morning: — tj'.oomy weather conditions prevailed throughout .South Australia this morning, with squally north-west to south-west winds, and showers at places on the coast. During the last 24 hours the energetic low-pressure wave which was indicated on vceterday's weather chart south of Al biay has been making very rapid pro g»ess eastward. The centre, however, is keeping well to the southward, and this State is not likely to materially benefit by its rain-producing influences. The ba rometer at 8.30 a.in. at Oape Northum btrland, in the extreme south-east, read —119, while similarly low readings exist through Bass Strait. Under these circum stances the sea there will become very rough. To ihe westward barometers are cow rising under the influence of a high pressure system, which is advancing to wards Western Australia. While this anti-cyclone is moving towards us we will experience squally south-westerly winds and passing showers. ONSLAUGHT OF 'URSUS.' MR. WRAGGE CONFIDENT. Mr. Clement Wrajrge, who is at King ston, telegraphed this morning: — 'The disturbance ?Ijrsus'' will prove a very tirror, and the end is not jet. Jt is all tiie one storm, and in every fact lie stxetches from Cape Ler-uwin right to tiie TiSinan Sea. while nestling as on the fold.s ?jf his ample mantle lies little *''Lygia,'m shy and coy, east from Hobart. The tales' and electric- tension of 'Urdus'' will loug be remembered, and so will his beneficial rains, which, as stated some days ago, should ensure the salvation of the South Australian harvest. We are -writing at 3.30 a.m., and the tii-kinR barograpn ia beside us- 'Doivu' rocs tap instrument, end on conies *Un=us' in terrific onslaught, 1 like the original go-njr for the bull. 1 Shipping will undoubtedly have a bn'i tinio undrr the north-westerly to westeriv and southerly gales, aud especially wln»n the Luiometi-r begins to rise a^rain. We con sider it our sacred duty to warn the east-' ern States, and especially Noiv Zealand, j Heed or not. my masters, wo hereby dis- 1 charge the obligations of our trust. -.oiv. ! fanners, remember that 4Ursus' is a good ? njune for infant boys — jump, dance, and ! take the hiut^' ? ^^  WRAGGE'S LATEST. WARNINC TO FARMERS. j Mr. Clement Wragge offers some recent observations on the universal subject of the weather. ' The only immediate prospect of intervening showers in inland and Riverina district lies in the fact that extreme northern edge of an antarctic depression, named ' Conroy,' is S.S W. irom 'jueeuwin. Uonroy ' means well, and to him farmers must look during tbe ensuing ten days for a temporary refreshing precipitation. But two gigantic anti cyclones, or high pressure systems, on either side are doing their utmost, as it were, to block him, and it must candidly be admitted that the situatioa away from the coast looks very serious. Solar conditions spell drought, as special observations clearly show, while opposite effects have been, and will yet be manifest in the Northern Hemisphere, to wit, the American floods— negative ' and posi tive etheric vibrations operating re spectively- by wiroless waves linking up the sun with the earth. ' How much longer must we sound the warning note. We knew in 1904 that 1912 would be a bad year in con tinental Australia. I frankly told the people so eight years ago, arid was laughed at by those who had neither ?brains nor the wisdom to understand. iJut to ory at tnei present time would be absurd. Now is the time for manly action on the part of the farmers and pastoralists. Let them be up and do ing—let them make wells, dam the little creek beds on their holdings, con* serve, conserve, and let not the pro verbial ' drop ' of any intervening rain run to waste. Remember, Wragge I is your best friend.'. . I Mr. Wragge lecturos here next Wed* nesday night.  WEATHER TALKS RAIN AND DROUGHT INFLUENCE CF THE SUN 1IR. WKAGGE S OPINION'S. By Nimbns—No. 1. Now that all eyes arc skywards and all minds ar-' -waiting for rain, it may be in teresting to recall Mr. Clement Wragge's opinion.* of the sunset theory- In his u~ua) pictuiesque style be delivered him self thus a frw years ago:— To ch? true scientist, Australasia has a greater interest than perhaps any otber country. And its chief interest is for the mete.iroloprist—the student of the air and the weather. rain and drought. sunshine and eTorm, heat and cold, good seasons and had seasons. Xo other part of the -world .-Ln-.VM-S S3 quickly to the ruining moods of the enn. Sun-Spot Wragge. The sun! That..is the secret! Perhaps you have heard icmorant critics call me .'"Sun-Spot Wragge!" That does not mat ter. It is raervly their vulgar tribute to my great discovery—'the great scientific truta that good sea-ons and bad seasons in Australia depend mainly upon the chang ing moods of the sun tbat follow each other in regular cycle. ' On that truth I have been able to base my weather forecasts for the far future. Watch my forecasts for your self and test their truth. All men. with logical minds and scientific knowledge must accept my conclusions. But first 1 must tell you how- and why the sun it so ail powerful. Great heavens! • What a tre mendous subject this is! But came, O Muse! Lend me thine aid and let me smg the song of the solar system! And what is the sun ? Great as he seems, he is only a second-class variable star. BiiiMUi of years ago he was born— sloughed c.S with others of his est from the main body of cosmic gases in this ap palling universe. In turn, the sun gave biith to the planets of worlds that form this tiny solar syst?m. Mercury, Venus, Eartii^Mars^ th* Asteroids, Jupiter, •Sa turn, Uranus, and Neptune. The? eon him self is only one of millions of other suns, some far better than liimself. With them he helps to make up the Milky Way. And aion? the Milky Way .the sun is speeding, on an unknown orbit, taking lis and our fellow .worlds with him on that frightful journey at the rate of something like 291 -miles a minute, or 153 millions of miles in one year. Well may we exclaim, "Whither^ oh, whither are we bound'""' But, even as we cry, the .answer seems to reach us from the Supreme P&lt;£wer—'Tear not, O man. thou art a spark of Me, the -Infinite Dynamo, the Alpha and the Omega! No thing is lost in My Almighty Nature! Your sun is My authorised agent, My at torney, to whom I have given My power to deal with your tiny earth. Seek there fore the sun and learn from him. He is guided by Me, and he is the author of every form or energy made manifest on earth." Yes, the sun must toll us what changes in climate mean and how they govern this planet, and especially that portion of it called Australasia. In mas.- the sun is 330,003 times greater £han 'the earth. In bulk he is 1,300,000 times bigger. From side to side his dia meter is more than 860,000 miles. He weighs two octillions of tans. These are figures that stagger ■the:human mind. Yet, remember, lie sun himself, with all his plants, arc but puny grains of luminous dust when compared -with the frightful my riads of other suns in this most awful universe. How insignificant, then, is our own earth! And remember that only a miserably small fraction of the tun's on ers' reaches us. With this he wields bis power governor, "andt keeps this planet in its ore-it. With thi* he made the ever lasting hills anil valk-ys With this he divided the land and se>a-and filled them each every form of life. His subtle rays paint the flowers and the butterflies' wings. His rays produce the gentle zephyr and the tearing gale. They play with the mists and the fogs, the dews and the rains. The sun brings us our times of drought and plenty—-our poverty and our wealth — our sickn:«5 and our heal;b—our gladness and our sorrow! Startling as these state ments are, tlrey are nevertheless true—and there is no religion higher than truth/' '"Subject to Moods." The sun, as I said, is a secon3-class vari able star. Why variable? Because, like a woman, ho i» subject to moods*—to good humor and bad humor. Or, as we ecien tisis say, because be is subject to times of activity and to, times of comparative rest. The time from the quiet to the ac tive mood is about three and one-half (3.52) year;—and from the active to the next quiet mood about seven and one-half (7.55) years. During the sun's periods of great activity, more and mo;e of the so-called "sun-spots" are observed—and, during the | times of comparative rest, fewer, if any, &lt;f them. And what are these so-called "spots?" They are gigantic hurricanes piercing an3 tearing and ripping through j the urn's three ma:n atmsnpheres with an i ene -gy of which the human mind cannot j form the f-in.est conception. They arc . the centres of solar cyclones. And in tbe "hollows" iormed by these, this earth would lie like a pebble in the crater of the greatest volcano. And as fire, smoke •craters, so on. tbe sun's surface great and molten lava burst f;om volcanic red flames of hydrogen leap from these lielish cyclones &lt;with titanic fury: These flames and storms affect the earth, as you will see—for, although the sun is 92.000,003 miles away, that distance in astronomy is no more than the prover bial "flea-bite." Birth of the Earth. And how was this world bornt It was thrown off from the sun in a state of white beat, much like an -emery wheel throws off a s{>ark. Thai was about 230 millions of years ago, if you strike an average between astronomical and geo logical research. At once th« &lt;sariii be gan to cool off and gradually to solidify. Whirling on its way, about 30,009,000 of years later, the earth in turn threw off the moon. At that time the earth was still hot and steamy, and was turning round on its axis once every three hours, instead of once every 24 hours as now. All through those fearful ages, at times when the sun was comparatively quiet, the earth gave off its heat more rapidly into space and c*»Vd all the quicker— because at such times it got less energy from the sun. When the earth had tool ed enough there came in turn all forms of vegetable and animal life, until man himself appeared—and woman," too, by the way. and heaven only knows what we should do without her! And the earth will go on cooling and contracting until at last Sydnev and Auckland harbors, and even Port Phil lip Bay, will once day become dry land. That has already happened to the Blue Mountains, for the occan once flowed over them. At length this world will die, and become lifeless even as the raooijf is onw. But don't foe alaronel! There is still enough energy left in this globe to support life for thousands of years to come. The Earth has been Cooling. Xow, someone may say to me:—"See here, Mr. Wragge, you talk about the sun's periods of least and greatest ener gy—but, can't you tell us when these pe riods takes place, so that to can see for ourselves what they are like?" I always like interruptions like that, so 1 ans wer :—Certainly iny friend, I can. You have felt earthquakes; you have seen effect of one of the most disastrous pe riods of "solar laziness" on record. You nave seen the great Australian drought. Perhaps (if you live in Adelaide) you have felt eahtrquakes; you bave seen &lt;il vou life in Tarniania) the wonderful displays of the southern lights; and (if you iive in New Zealand) you know of the great excitement of the geysers in the hot lakes districts. But, at any rate, wherever you live, you have read in the papers about the fearful fate of Mar tinique and tbe terrible volcanic erup tions. You have seen or felt or heard of all this—but probably you never asked yourself ihe reason for it all. Well, here it is :— For ihe last six years, the sun has been in one of its quiet moods. There have been few "sun-spots." And so, of course, it has not been sending us as much heat and energy as usual. The result is that the earth lias been cooling down more quickly. You know what happens ii you cool a hot stove too quick iy in- spilling cold water on it—it cracks. So. too. the earth cooied so quickly in 1908 that is cracked in places and shook and spluttered. When it shook, you had earthquakes and tidal waves; when it spluttered; you had hot springs ex ploding and volcanoes pouring out mol ten death and desolation; when it cracked, the sea was probably let into the fiery depths of the earth—and that jikely caused the terrible disaster a± Martinique. .Now some carping would-be critic may say:—"What has all this to do with the tide of- your article? You seem to have 'sun-spots' on the brain! Tell us something about weather and clim ate." The answer is—it has everything to do with itThe weather depends upon the atmosphere—and the atmos phere. being the lightest part of the earth, is affected by the slin more easily than any other part. When the state of the sun can make a continent tremble and set huge volcanoes going, surely yon are not surprised to know that it affects the winds and the clouds and the rain fall! A Story. Here is a story—a little hit of history, 45 years old—to 6how you how close the connection is between the sun and the earth, although xhey are more than ninety-two million miles apart. The disturbances in 1902 were caused by the rapid cooling of the earth during the sun's period of rest—but the excitement in the story which I am going to tell you was caused by one of the sun storms in 'his period of great activity. On September 1, 1859, the astronomer HJarrinjrton was watching the sun through his "smoked" telescope when ho saw a ffreat flare-up. It was a flame that seemed to shoot across the dark centre of one of the cyclonic "sun spots." In the twinkling of an eye, fearful mag netic disturbances occurred on this pla net—ats though the earth and the sun were connected by a short distance tele phone. Magnificent displays of Aurora, burst forth from polar latitudes in each hemisphere of earth. The whole elec tric condition ot this little globe was knocked topsy turvy. Magnetographs in the observatories were violently agitaied; telegraphic operators in tlie United States were thrown off their chairs with the shock; and in Norway and Sweden electric instruments were - positively ruined? Do vou want another instance? Well, take the few hours between October 30 and November 1 of 1903. You probably remember the beautiful displays of Aurora AustraJis observed then in the southern parte of Australia and Tasma nia; you recollect the cablegrams that telegraphic communication with France was suddenly cut off; and you recall that in the Melbourne Observatory all the magnetic instruments were disturbed. And all these things uere caused .by the great red hydrogen flaines which began then to leap higher and higher from the sun. For the sun has now passed his time in laziness. and re again increasing in energy.  A Prophet's Predictions. HEAT WAVES, CYCLONES, AND ?QUAKES. Australasia is in for a bad time. Past disasters will pale into insig nificance if the predictions of the lat est prophet — or even a minimum of them — come to pass. And there is always a chance- that one may strike it right, and establish a reputation for accurate foresight. Many weather prophets have arisen in Australia of late' years, but they have been content to stop at. pre dicting for a year ahead. To Bar medman, however, belongs the honor of producing a prophet who has eclipsed the predictions of all the names known to Australia, Egsson, Russell, Wragge, Hunt, and the man from Moree are not now in it. The new man is silent as to liis system. It may be as simple and as convincing as aching tsorns in the act of foretelling rain. But what ever it is, neithei time nor distance chscks its efficacy. Isobaric pres sure, high level stations, kites, baro metric observations, and the like, which are believed to figure largely in the elaboration of tho forecast of a day or so, have been overshadowed. Even Zadkiel, Old Moore, aud the other great predicters, have con tented themselves with hazarding the doings of a day, but the Barmedman prophet's predictions are enough to make the boldest of Australia's citi zens shiver in their shoes. Neither Mr. McGowen nor Mr. Wade, iwr the Egyptian plagues, could promise greater disasters than Mr. H. Walsh, of Barmedman, who writes under date, May 2, as follows : — ' During tho first part of 1913 there will be great heat waves, caus ing many deaths, cyolonic disturb ances, causing towns and shipping to be seriously affected, and devastating floods, causing great loss of life and property. 'Droughty conditions will rule more or less until 1918. Then there will .be a return to a succession of good seasons. Thero will bo nn earthquake in New Zealand this year ; and an earthquake in Australia be- , fore 1917 ; and* owing to the great depression that is about to affect this country, free or assisted immigration to Australia will coaso in 1913 — ^ (Signed) H. Walsh, the Barmodman Weather Prophot.'  GENERAL NEWS. It is notified in the Gazette that a sale of Crown lands will take place at Gundagal on Wednesday, 10th inst An official return just published shows that the people ol New South Wales swallows -£200,000 worth of medicines (wholesale price) every I year. It is declared that in Victoria for every man who wants to secure an ir rigation farm there are ten who are prepared to shoulder the responsibili ties of a holding in the mallee. When the average boy insists on a spotless collar every day, one may be sure that he is leaving his childhood behind him and that tbe responsibili ties of life have begun. Typhoid is raging in the Burrin juck township. The bouses in which tbe disease has broken out are so constructed that it is impossible to seal them up with a view to fumiga tion. Until the return of Mr. Holman, At torney-General, who is out of town for a few days, Mr. Beeby, Minister for Lauds, will be Acting-Premier in the absence of M. M'Gowen in Melbourne and Hobart. Mr. Trefte, Minister for Agriculture is pushing forward the demonstration farms, which seem admirably calcul ated to show settlers what is possible and profitable in the way of advanced cultivation. There is room for a lot of improvement, and it is more cer tainly affected by example than in any other manner. An immense load of wheat was brought into Old Junee on Thursday by the grower, Mr. Ern Lehmann. It consisted of 253 bags of the gross weight of 23 tons 11 cwt., the ifet weight being 20 tons 4 cwt. It was pulled by 20 bullocks driven and owned by Mr. J. Birmingham. Mr. W. O'Donnell purchased the wheat. The departmental statement of lands applied for under the Crown Lands Acts and Closer Settlement Acts during the week ended Decem ber 16 shows that 12 new settlers took up a holding of 2294 acres as original holdings, and 21 blocks representing 4274 acres, were - acquired as addi tional holdings, but 17,481 acres, in 12 blocks, were made available for ad ditional holdings. The death of Mrs. Emma Quinton, which took place on Saturday, re moves one of the few remaining pio neer residents of Flemington. In the early fifties Mrs. Quinton opened the first school in the district with a roll of a dozen scholars. The death took place at 101 Princess-street, Fleming ton. Mrs. Quinton was 78 years of age, and a colonist of 73 years. A train slowed up at a busy coun-. try station, and a man was seen to put his head out of a window of a third class carriage. 'There's a woman in here fainted,' he cried. 'Has anyone got any whisky? Quick!!' Someone in the crowd on the platform hand ed him a bottle. He uncorked it frantically, put it to his lips, and took a noble pull. 'Ah,' he sighed, 'that's better. It always did upset me to see a woman faint.' The triennial conference of the Aus tralian Labor Party, which is to be held in Hobart during the week com mencing January 8, is entrusted with drawing up the new Labor platform for the next Federal elections. The conference will be the' most represen tative yet held, those more distant States which were content in the past to be represented by members of Par liament of other States, having on this occasion sent along their own dele gates. With a view to improving the yield ing power of oats, cross-breeding _is being carried on at the Glen Innes State Farm. Algerian oats are being crossed with the White Tartarian, an other cross being Algerian and tig owo. There is a marked improvement in the cross-bred oats, compared with those not crossed, but the exact in crease cannot, of course, be told until the crop is gathered and threshed. The Algerian-Tartarian cross points to a very decided improvement on either the varieties grown alone. In O'Connell Street, Dublin, there is a monument erected to the memory of Lord Nelson. A gentleman happen ed to be standing close to the pillar the other day, when he saw a coun tryman, in the orthodox knee-breeches and tall hat, gazing at the monument in blank astonishment Thinking to enlighten him as to the identity, -the gentleman explained that it was Nel son. 'Oh, begorra, sir,' said the Irish man, 'that shows me ignorance. I thought it was his monument!' Mr. David Bowman, leader of the Queensland Labor Party, returned to Brisbane on Friday, after a prolonged trip to Great Britain and the Contiu. ent. in ine course oi an interview Mr. Bowman detailed his movements and, referring to his visit to Germany, said that the Socialist headquarters there were tutors engaged in teaching, young men who were anxious to enter upon socialistic work, either as Organ isers or politicians. There were 80 . daily Sooialist newspapers in Ger many, and to this fact he largely at tributed the success of the socialistic organisations there. The Melba grand opera season has closed. Melba's own estimate of it sh£ expressed in these words: 'I have loved every minute of. my stay; have loved my audiences, loved their enthusiasm and their kindness, and now I have the memory of it all — the wild cheering, the sea of faces, the re calls and .recalls. It was magnificent ; During the last two or three years there has not been much land settle ment in Papua. 'The way to sleep, says a scientist, 'is to think of nothing.' Personally we have found the best way to get to sleep is to think it's time to get up. Riches may be dangerous to the man who possesses them, but we still meet with men of weak finances and iron constitutions who are ready to undertake the risk. Miss Bennett, aged 20 years, resid ing at Sydenham road, Sydenham, was bathing at Long Bay on Saturday morning, and while in the surf was seized with a fit. She was brought out by the other bathers and, after she had recovered slightly, it was found that she had lost her eyesight. Mr. Doyle, of Molong, who is said to be the largest breeder of Romney Marsh . sheep in Australia, tests the young sheep in a large swamp which is on his property. If any of the ani mals show signs of foot rot from their long detention -in the marsh they are cast out as culls. It is understood that the State Go vernment intends establishing lime works close to Marulan, where there exists an inexhaustible deposit of limestone of the very highest Quality and in a neighborhood where timber fuel is abundant The deposits are close to the main southern railway, and could, without much expense, be linked up by a tramway or railway siding. 'Mr. Henry Frowde, Oxford Univer sity Press, is about to publish Dante's Divine Comedy literally translated in to English verse in the hendecasylla bic measure of the original Italian by the Rt Hon. Sir S. W. Griffith, G.C.M.G., Chief Justice of the High Court of Australia.' Sir Samuel's version of the Inferno was published in Sydney by Angus and Robertson some years ago. It has been decided by the coll eagues and personal friends of the late Mr. Donald Macdonell, whose death removed the first Chief Secret ary in the M'Gowen Ministry, to recog nise the very special services render ed the deceased gentleman during his long illness by one. of the. nurses at Dr. -Stirling's private hospital, Mel bourne, of which Mr. Macdonell was an inmate. The proposal is to recog nise the great care and attention be stowed upon tbeir late colleague by tbe presentation of a suitable memen to. The matter, .It- is understood, is in the hands of Mr. H. Lahgwill, the executor of Mn Macdonell's estatei The Bishop of London tells a good snake yarn. In a recent sermon he stated that, young children sometimes saw supernatural things, and told a. story illustrating what- he meant: — The father of five girls', feeling a little poorly, went and laid down. The youngest girl was sent to bed. Shortly afterwards she was heard ±o cry. out, 'Look, look, there are two angels walking up the stairs.' None of her sisters, however, could see the angels. A little while after she' again cialled out, 'There are the . angels walking . down the stairs, and father is be tween them.' Her sisters this time saw the 'angels.' On going to their father's - room, they found ^hiifi Jjtag dead! A -Sega farmer the other- week was fined for assault upon a young man. Said farmer, was working in his cul tivation-paddock'. A. couple, of- lads with' grins came along, and finding said farmer's tea. billy, placed It on a post and began- -shooting at it On - the appearance of the fanner they de-. camped. The farmer, was enraged^' and took after them. He found a young man sitting^on the bank of the river with a gun 'in his hand. The farmer caught him and ducked him in the river, at ithe same time tumbling In ' himself. But he had caught an innocent chap. In all, the mistake cost him £4. The galling part was when the other chap, who did destroy the billycan, gave evidence to that ef fect and claimed witness' expenses. . i The business transacted at the North Sydney post-office during Christ mas and New Year was the largest on record. In . fact, the accommodation was so overtaxed that the local poBt master fMr. Reirt* hart in temnnrorily A most noisy demonstration by a large crowd of Scotsman and others outside St. Paul's Cathedal, London, welcomed the New Year. There was a gala of banpuets and revelry in the WeBt End hotels. ' 'At Pelican, in the Chinchilla dis trict, the lightning flashed terrifically, and the thunder at times was aiunoBt deafening. Six cows were killed by the lightning, and most of the townspeople were In a state of terror while the storm lasted. Several persons on thje verandah were temporarily blinded by the brightness of the flashes. Continued dry weather is causing a deal of uneasiness in the Northern part of the State. Th'e whole of the early maize crops have been destroy ed, and are being cut for cow feed. In many places the creeks are fast drying up. Many dairymen have been put to considerable straits for water for their stock. There is no disguis ing the fact that the Richmond is ex periencing drought conditions un equalled since 1901. Should the rain hold off there must be heavy losses. Perhaps Mr. Wragge can justify his drought predictions by confining them to stated areas. No doubt there Is bound to be a drought somewhere. A terrific, cyclone and thunderstorm occurred at Cunnamulla, Queensland. On Saturday afternoon the wind blew with startling fury and accompanied by .most vivid lightning and- crashing claps of thunder the. rain fell in tor rents. During the storm a buggy con taining two persons was lifted bodily from the ground, the occupants being thrown into the roadway, luckily with out serious injury. An increasing number of parents, when faced with the question, 'What to do with our boys?' are answering 'Make local government clerks but of them.' Unfortunately they are wak ing up to the opportunity a little late in the day. Two years ago any intel dillgent youth who applied himself to diligent study for four months could be certain of immediately finding em ployment at up to £200 per annum, To-day the vacancies are fewer and the examinations are stiffer. There are roughly 300 certificated clerks em ployed in the State, the majority of whom are fairly healthy in dividuals calculated to live a long time. There are not likely to be many vacancies offer ing and probably not more than a doz en new clerks could be absorbed each year. The supply is increasing, and one distant town which a .year ago could not get apnlicant for town clerk at £180 recently advertis ed and got eight replies. Neverthe less, there are opportunities still offer ing and the life is a better one, with surer prizes than that of bank clerk, i school teacher or civil servant. From reports received by ttie Tas manian police It appears probable that a double or triple drowning fatality has taken place in the Derwent. There is no certain information on the sub ject, for no one has been reported mis sing, but wreckage has been picked up on the beach at South Arm, which is supposed to be from a rowing boat which was seen on Friday last mak ing towards the shot tower. Edward Quarry has reported to the police that, at 7.30 p.m. on Saturday, when near Opossum Bay, he noticed a small boat with either two or three persons in it making for the western shore. It waB blowing hard at the time, and he noticed that the posftfon of the boat was perilous. Nothing untoward took place then, but on Sunday morning, when walking along the beach, he canre across boat wreckage, a tweed cap ' and two cigarettes. He also noticed the mast of a boat sticking out of the water, and the name Pow erful was on the boat. The mainsail appeared to be furled up and tied snug to the past, but the staysail was hanging in the water. /  WINDS ON AN AWTUL SCALE.; Mr. (fiement W|raggie makes ■■ (says' the "Auckland Weekly News") the following remarks on the. weather:—'' Another "upheav al, in the sun, about 12,000 miles in diameter, is approaching the centre or solar disc. To these- abnormal conditions is certainly at tributable the Chinese earthquake, and also earth tremors in New Zealand, and the South African floods. Winds on an awful scale, with gigantic tougne3 of hydrogen, flame around these solar storms in exactly the same manner as do the winds around the puny cyclones. of earth, northern and- southern hemispheres, respectively; and it must ever be remembered that, the earth and the &lt;nm. are inseparably linked together by the all pervading wiroless etheric waves. Such affect- not only our atmosphere; but also in dustrial affairs and the vagaries of 'human nature at this critical time." •  Police Court.— At the Police Court this morning, before Mr Raymond Gee. R.M., Oracle S. Green was charged with that, he on Sunday, the 31st day of March, being the holder of a publican's general license for the premises known as the Vic- toria Hotel, had the said licensed premises open for the sale of liquor. He was defended by Mr. H. Wilson, and pleaded not guilty. Sergeant Thomas, conducted the prosecution. Constable W. Fanning gave evidence for the prosecution, and S. Lin- thorne for the defence. The magis- trate fined the accused £5, with 3s 6d costs. Geraldton Roads Board.—The fol- lowing is the result of the annual and extraordinary elections of the Geraldton Roads Board held on the 10th April :— Roads Board Members —East Ward, Messrs. W. McKeazie Grant and W. V. Sewell ; South Ward, Mr. Timothy Cream ; North Ward, Mr. Victor A. Bridgman. Au- ditor—Mr. F. C. Overheu. Racehorses at Auction. — On the course yesterday afternoon, Mr. H. S. Mackenzie offered for sale the racehorses Maltese, Ranzau and Re- quittal. The former was passed in at £50 (reserve £100), Ranzau at £20, and Requittal at £35, the auc- tioneer stating he was ready to treat privately. Polo.—The team from this district (comprising Messrs. A. E. Grant, J. Law Smith. I. C. Burges, and R. K. Gardiner (Moora), played a match at Narrogin yesterday, and defeated their opponents by 8 coals to 2. To- day the team is playing Katanning. Racecourse Attendance.—On Mon- day 320 tickets were issued at the railway station for the racecourse, and on Wednesday 253. The amount taken at the sat^s for the two days (£106) was £8 more than that tak- en at the annual meeting in Novem- ber last. Forecasting Bad Weather.—Mr. Clement Wragge writes to the met- ropolitan press stating that if the Central Weather Bureau had been in existence three days' warning at least could have been given of the cyclone which destroyed the Koom- bana. That statement tears out the remarks in our issue of Thursday last urging the institution of a well- equipped 'branch, of the Meteorologi- cal Department at Broome. Austra- lians generally would not cavil at the expense of such a station at Broome and another at Brisbane (or higher up the Queensland coast) in addition to the central office in Mel- bourne if as a result the safety of the numerous men engaged in pearl- ing and the coastal steamer trade were safeguarded. Patalitv at Meekatharra.—A miner named Thomas Moloney met with a fatal accident at Meekatharra on Tuesday. An inquest is being held. Valedictory.— At the bowling green to-day there was a large attendance of members of the Geraldton Bowling Club, who assembled for the purpose of bidding farewell to Mr. H. A. Cresswell (District Engineer), who is leaving Geraldton shortly, having been transferred to the eastern gold- fields. The prsident of the club (Mr Tom Roberts), in the course of a happy little speech, expressed the re- gret of members at the departure of Mr. Cresswell, and wishing him happiness in his new abode. On be- half of the members of the club he then presented Mr. Cresswell with a very useful present in the shape of a leather travelling bag. Mr. Roberts' remarks were endorsed and supple- mented by other members of the club. Mr. Cresswell responded, and expres- sed his thanks for the presentation. and also for the kindly remarks made concerning him.  USEFUL RAINS. HEAVY SHOWERS IN ADELAIDE. Since Saturday night the Adelaide plains have been favored by some heavy showers, I and if the agricultural areas have been l benefited to the same estent the fall» will I do much good by giving the wheat crops a chance to make headway. The general rains of a week or two ago were sufficient to set the wheat moving, but the falls were rather light as compared with what was hoped for, and the fanners are anxiously looking for a copious downpour. The oflicial report issued on Sunday night was not of a promising nature. It made no reference to rain having fallen in the country, bur private advices indicated that in at least some of the northern agricul- tural districts good rains had been esperi enced. It was stated that Petersburg and Terowie had had about 60 points. Burra j 75 points, and Jamestown a most welcome downpour, though Port Augusta had had only a few points. In Adelaide the heavy driving showers were accompanied by hail, and the weather turned very cold on Sun- day. The Vt»eather Bureau reported at 9 p.m. ' on Sunday:-"Showery weather has been | experienced over South Australia during the p_t two days, with strong westerly I winds. The 3 p.m. reports for Saturday I showed that showers had fallen over the ' settled areas, while at Adelaide up to 9 p.m., Sunday, 20 points" had been regis tered. 1 he disturbance causing this un- settled'weather is a very energetic one. On I Friday morning its centre was south from ' Albany. By Saturday morning it had , moveei very rapidly to a position off the ' west coast of T_inaniaf, and barometers ' in that State and in our South-Eaat feil very low, the reading at Cape Northum- berland being 29.19. During Saturday it increased still further in energy, the baro- meter at Hobart falling to 28.94 by 3 p.m. ' This accounts for the squally conditions that have prevailed over the whole of southern and south-eastern Australia. The atmospheric prerSMire has been ' rising ¡ rapidly over this State since Saturday, due | to the approach from the Weat of a mode-1 rate anti-cyclone, which to-day was centred over the goldfields. Accordingly, with an ] energetic low over Tasmania and a high i approaching from the West, unsettled and showery weather will prevail to-morrow over the settitid areas, but will gradually contract to the south and south-east." "On Comes Ursus." Mi-. Clement Wragge supplied us with the following special advice, dated Kingston, August 2:-"The disturbance ursus will prove a terror. The end is not yet. It is all the one storm, and in very fact he stretches from Cape Leeuwin right to the Tasman Sea, while nestling as on*, the folds of his ample mantle, lies little Lygia, shy and coy. East from Hobart the gales and electric ten- sion of Ursus -will long be remembered, and so will his bénéficient rains, which, as stated some days ago, -should insure the salvation of the South Australian harvest. We are writing . at 3.30 a.m., and. the ticking barograph is beside us. Down goes the , instrument and on comes Ursus in terrific onslaught, like the original going for the bull. Shipping will undoubtedly have a bad time under the; north-westerly to westerly and sou- therly gales, and especially when the baro- meter begins to rise again; and we cons.der it our sacred duty to warn the eastern States and especially'New Zealand. Heed or not, my. masters, we hereby discharge the obligations of our'trust. . Now, iar mers, remember that Ursus is a good name for. infant boys. Jump, dance, and take the hint." HEAVY SHOWERS _î THE SOUTH. Mount Gambier, August 3. J last night a thunderstorm passed "over the r town, accompanied by heavy rain.i To-day the'weather was very cold, and, rthere were heavy Éhdwersr. .'?,-. .&lt;> A'DUSTY DAY ON THE BARRIER. ' - * - Broken «Hill, August 3. Saturday was the most-dusty day expe- rienced 'here for many years. " It was like one of the days of years gone by, ?when Broken Hill was famous'as "the dust city." The »city -was enveloped in a thick cloud of suffocating, catting sand. " Traffic and business' was seriously affected. The ex- press' train had a bad time and arrived one hour and-ten minutes'late. The dust lay inches deep in the carriages. > -  The Gyelone Season., Need of the North. A Meteorological Station. . For sonic, time past the people , oi Townsvillc und Cairns have been agitat ing ' for tho . establishment of a .meteoro logical station in tho north,. It. is'coiir tended that by: that means may, possible disasters to shipping along the northern coast' in U10 cyclone season lie averted. A incteorologicul station, properly, equipped irid' ollic'icntly managed, would bu serviceable in forecasting disturbances wliicli from ' timu to time threaten - the safety of shipping- , in the ilortli. jMastcr mariners have given their strongest sup port to the agitation, and prominent, itmongst 'tiiem Is Captain G. Jr vine, mas ter of tho. Inunmincka, who conveyed his views ' to a representative of the "Tele graph" yesterday afternoon. "A scien tific meteorological station at Cairns or Townsvillo, with n sctentilie man in it-barge," said Captaih Irvine, "would be tho means' of giving notice' to shipping of approaching storms, 'When Mr, Hunt. Commonwealth Government meteorologist was. in North Queensland lust year, a de putation' urged him to have a station established at Cairns. Mr, Hunt ob- jectcd . on itlie/ groufid of the- expense : in volved, 'Which'/ herald, would- not' ' he- warranted by .tho population affected. Tho northern people, ..weto not 1 rialisflcil with this reply, soV they ' referred tlie ' matter to the- Minister, who eventually also turned down' the' proposal. The people of ' Calrns",;!. arid Townsvillc; lmvc,: decided-, that '.they swill iihavo it .meteorologlca'l star- tioii somelioTV." . Accordingly they, : art organisingVa subscription '-list, ill- aid of thc. movcmonti': - and ' .thcy feel : fonlldent the :!ieoessary'.-&lt;:mon6y i.wili.bo raised.' : It has been 'suggested that anofffir should be made to Mr. ClcmeritaWrhggo, . who, : I' understand, is in New Zcalaud. to crime over arid .run.;. tho station." - "What is your opinion ir. regard to that . idea ?" .queried the reporter. ' "I think it. js. a , very good idcrii'-'- re plied Captaiir -Irvino. - "Mr.-Wragge fis orainently qualified to take cliarge of such . a station, by reason; of his experience in Queensland, and his 'knowledge of local conditions. I. believe the money that is required will ,)io forthcoming,' as the move- nient should appeal -/not' only to north erners, but to many people in the other States, frir the mek employed . on the steamers trading to the north have faimi- lies in the southerri' cities, .and- besides numerous southerners, constantly ure travelling, into -the .tropics, it is wiser to subscribo inririey towafds the preven tion of disnstcrs .than to. subscribe after wards for tlio relief of those 'who; sulfcr liy disasters that' might havo been pre vented; A. .meteorological station would be an invaluable guide as to the approach ' rif : storms. Tlie North Queensland coast , is the onl'v coast in a cyclone area tliat l know of that has' not a meteorological- station.- There .'are .statiriris-which give; . warnings of h tortus at Mauritius,' Hong-: kong,: and Bengal-. ; At- present advices . as to.: VQathcr : indications have" to - be' sent to Melbourne, and maybe tfie storm has , arrived- beforo thft'i'warning -is given.- Mai j- b'n the- wires linve been' blown down, and. it is riot tmssiBIe to give warning. l1'" " "How long a nptice .would you warit ordinarily "I should say 24 hours' - notice / would sufticc. There' hie scarcely any two ports airing the coast /'.more tlmn;;-2i hours .apart. If a 'warhliig .' of a' cyclone- wore gtven we -could fe'triy; in port'' till' tlie dan ger had passed;1'- Something must bo done. We want a man..:tp 'study . theSe storms on the spot;' At present the 'metcorolo- gieal offlee tolls you. what kind- of weather; We have had, biifc-it is .seldorii 'thhy give an idea' Of whfce"RJ :ahead. Alostly their f&rccasts are. so" vague -that .no . matter what kind 'ol weiitlfer comes the . tore- , chstn 'lioJd vgobd. " jvri'biaster- mattnerri tot necessity .study Hi, tteotology;, but we' aro frequently 4ioriplussed.!bv tliese . cyclones/ whicl'i' come ,up: at , an lipur's. novlce. 'To; meet a oyclbrio iri !the, open- sea, , Whenyou have 'plenty rif roqm is bad enough, but it is mrich worse wlien your ship 1b closed in between the shore, arid the /Ba'rrior Reef. ' That. is where the trouble, is- "What is. it estimated will be, .the cost of . equipping and , running ;a meteorologi cal station in the.i>ortli"." . "They" estimate' the cost of .establishing tlio station, would be abouf; i.I',000, and of running it about _ £800 I'cr annum." said Captain Irvine, "What is that. compared ; to the loss involved in 'a. shipwreck: Look. -at the loss .of breadwinners, to' say nothing of the / loss. of-. Sircipcrty. ". I hope ' the necessary lijoney will he subscribed, and l am corifldcnt tliat,; it will be, for iri, the north: the -people' nrc: very determined about .' the matter; and they feel tliey can I'ely Oil assistance- from the south, ff the- Commonwealth continues to refuse to es tablish t-ho-station." ' ' „ ' \ '  ft to hie editor. I Sir,— Just allow mo to sny, in simple justice, that if I the Central ..Weather Bureau, Bi.lsbune, bad beeu in ft existence — tlio amiual vote for. which did not exceed I XI Oil) per- aniium— three daya' warning at least would liave been given ot the recent cyclone -on tuc norui- - west of Australia. — Yours, ele., ft. CliliMKNT L. WRAGGE. I Chillcrn, Victoria, 28/3/12.  A PICTURESQUE FORECAST. Mr. Clement Wragge has supplied us with the following special advice and fore cast, dated Bum, Wednesday:— Anti- cyclonic, or high, pressure is now influenc ing South Australia, and, for a time, Oie weather will improve, such conditions mak ing easterly. Yet the coasts of Victoria and New South Wales (including Sydney) will shortly experience more nasty souther lies and rough seas with further rain squalls, so let shipping and passengers by eea take heed. Within 10 days from date the antarctic disturbance named 'Ulysses' now slowly approaching the Leeawfa will affect, more or less, all southern parts of the Commonwealth. As his ugly eastern umbra advances the winds wiH set in from north-east with an increase of temperature, and shift to north-west and west, and a re newal of weird cloud-picturea and local dust-blows, followed' by more rain_ and south-westerly squalls. A new and suspi cious-looking monsoonal dsturbanee named 'Anan' is Detween Shark Bay and Java, and we by no means like the prospect in the neighbourhood of Cossack and the far north-west of Australia. The monsoon 'Tekel' will cause more disturbance and rain in Queensland, and looking at affairs ali round we expect a fine extravaganza from piping treble through dulcet alto to rolling bass within or during the period be the sweetest music. 'TJlyeses' is likely to play high jinks in Maorfland before a fort night has gone by, and also over the Tas man Sea, preceded, however, by tempor arily finer weatiher as the high pressures surge, in swinging rhythm, eastward.  . BEUGIOTJS NOTES. * [By Layman.] The Rev. Leonard T. Maund- rector of the Church of the Epiphany at Crafere, with Aldgate, is about to proceed to Eng land, in consequence of an affection os the throat.- He will be accompanied by Mrs. Maund, and will be absent for about 12 . months. Prior to the acceptance of hia- ' gresent appointment in 1909, Mr. Maund . . had been successively curate of Port Ade laide (1899-1902), locum tenens\at Qlenelg and Port 'Pine, and rector of Hjndmarsn, with Bowden. ... -.„??,'. ' The Methodjst Conference' will welcome : = this yeaf a minister from Wales .in rtha ? , person of the. Rev. Albert Edgerley, who come3 from Penatthi in the Cardiff car-, Wiit, where he has served two years. Mr. Edgerley, who -entered the ministry in . ' K.01), intends to reside in' South Australia for three years. ? ? ..??_'? -The Bishbp of Adelaide (Bight Rev; Dr. Thomas) and the ,Kev. W. Gray' (Home Mission Organizer of the Presbyterian, , Church) will ..be ,feIlqw-i)aSsehger3. to Enc-; ?iand'.on'.the R.M.S: , Ost&rley, ifrhich will leave tne Outer .Harbour on apni 4. f he Revi 6. Lake; Albert Stubbs, and l5avid S. Wylie celebrate their jubilees in the Methodist minister this ye»f. .;There are nine ministers -«nior to then an the South Australian Conference, of whom the doyen is the Rev. Joseph- Hancock, whose? ministerial career dates froml846^ - The Rev. W.S. Feafoe. of Melbourne, will conduct the harvest ..thanksgiving ser vicesflf the Kadina_ Congregational, Ghuraa °Thi ^oiiwrl Catholic feishoS of TOcay.' nil (Right Rev. Dr. Dunne) returned ^ to . , Sydney recently after a fortnight, Jit '. Plackheath. Before returning to Brobea. . Hill he will visit Goulburn; and will wit- ( ness at Melbourne the consecration cf Mqnsignor Phelan. as BiRBpp of Sale. The Rev. A. S. Devenish (Chairman , pt the Victorian Congregational Union), .w4s, . ieducated at 'Adelaade University, &mm the formative period cf 'his lifei (says he - AilStfaKah Christian World) vowed mudh ? to the late Rev W. Roby Fletcher, who left his mark upon' manjryoung nien^f ma day. 'After a short Service as a missionary ; in China, Mr. Deferiish- took, tip a, pas-, iorate'at Bendigo, where he did eicellent work for five and a half years. East Mal vert has - claimed him for the past five years, and still does bo. In addition^to ? : his- pastoral duties, his scholarship marked him out as tutor 'in the VietorjaB Congre- , gational College' in classics; philosophy, ?,.; and logic, and Tiis- literary, gifts led to his appointment as 'editor of - the V«to'na» , Independents ?? ...:.' ! ^-Church of England.— \The Rev. J. S. . Moves, 'M. A, hag ac. . cepted' the living at Prospect. He will return' from England oft April 5. The Rev. S. T. Longman,- ofPenpla, wfil take.. charge' at Mannum from July next. The Rev. W. A. Swann, B.i, late of Christ *— — ChoreVKotth Adelaide, mil enter on work is ossutattt to the list. E. H. Fernie, in the JrankEn Harbour district, in ApriL . He will be succeeded at North Adelaide by tha Bar. R. E. Freeti, il.A., from the Me lanesian Mission. The Rev. H, N. Drum ' tztond has been licensed as coiftts to Biskm 'Wilson Walkerville, who has consented to also take charge of the Enfield Church. Tht Bey. H. R. Cayalier, B.D., will be priest m charge of Mingtoa. - The Re?. H. J. AdamS will resign the charge of Ham-, ley Bridge and Mallala on May 31.— A site for a church at Calca, west coast, has been secured, and a building to cost £290 Will be erected. — Mass on Australia's Roof.— An imposing cereniony was celebrated' on Sunday last oa the summit of Mount Eos ciij^o. Fota couple of days beforehand vehicied and hoisemfin- had kept filing be yond the hotel,- which, though 5,000 ft. aboye sea level, is still over 17 miles from the ?summit. On Sunday :there were 17 motor cars, and the Cpona Hibernians , carried. in their car an Australian and an Irish flag. Several parties, . numbering over 70, had camped bvernirht. At 10.30 a-nu the Archbishop's party reaoh«l the riatfornvin front of^Mf. Wragge's observa tion .huV7,328 ft: above sea level, and were, received with enthusiastic cheere by - lather Norris and the concourse already a* sembled. The party consisted of- Arch tashop Kelly, Dr. Dwyer (BishoD of Mait find), Fathecs McDermott (St.* Patrick's , CpHegB, Manly), and O'ReiHy (CM. of St. ? Sanislaus CoDege, Bathurst). Pontifical Mass was celebrated by Bishop Dwyer in - a tent erected for the purpose1, and' hand somely decorated. The Archbishop pfesi ded. Dr. Dwyer was assisted by Father McDermott At the, end of the £;, V^. « to?fcn°HII0P wok as hi3 fact Matthew v. 1-2 ? 'And see rip tte multitude, He went uj, into a fi'iV.^J181^ recited l£?2& vthe^P°s'Jffl',«eed. which was repeated by the assembly. He then em phaazed points o£ the Christian law U'di were most « ential for the welfare of in' onAub' and of ! society, and more par . tolarly for Ausfraba; such as chastity, justice, .mutual charity, and respect for ^f,W «nf L°-f Oatjs- ;TLhese obligations could not be ignored with impunity by those who aimed at eternal life. The Divorce Court was underminine the homes ofthe, country, sappmg conjugal affection, ^ng children adrift with uncertain do rtf^68- £&* legis ators must retrace tneir steps S they would bring their laws mto harmony with that -of. the Go5Pe? Above all, the educational policy of An* trana was^unsonnd. Real, Christunity had vanEhed from the school life', and theevS ? tS,' a ^.^anm., should' be exercised, lie Archbishpp concluded by saving, 'May a blcCTng descend this mdrning from the=e 1 OTtf «w- Anstialia and alf her people, Mb that bfessmg which Patrick, from lie ? western mountains which bear h» dear ?'?'«.' 'JToked upon the Irish race. May - the.Lord be their God. may Christ be their of them their eternal home.*' Y.W.0JL ^S^A°^-^0Irte?'8 Christian ?assomiion^will hold its quadrennial con ' SSf ?*£Lnne' P14' at Siockhdlm. The gme of the conference will be 'the un folding of -tlie true place for women in ^£sfpurpc^ for the world,'' aid con^ oderafaon wifl be given to-' the place of fV1?^10 '^?rch'- e?vie- .Wme,- and indus A.W Yiw-P-A-_wiU be repreaented, and ^-W.OA. is found will be present The wodd'fl membership, is 890^00; ' ' . —First Service Memorial.— ?t£B-J?a*-aPft*u ^iK Memorial tZSSPfik m Sydne/ repbrfs £'2 in hand toward the proposed memcrial of the first ^°^-f7^e Hd ia AcstraUa. #hM bearmg on the proposed mental/ illnsl trated.by lantern slides, anJK church autboriUes at .Petersham . an^Ra^S , had feen communicated with; asking them to. arrange suable d&ei. It was antid .pated that definite steps would soon be taken in respect to the Mection anTded? aeaty of Sydney will become pKed &Bt chaphin the Rev.- Richard Johnson ttAfiaatf^0^^. -'- —Missionary as Financier— ' ? ? _The Rev. P. C. Nail, of Sydney! who is a .Baptist missionary in Eastern Bengal,', has received an bvitatioh from the Indian Go vernment to proceed to Calcutta to discuss witb toe authorities a scheme for farmers' tenfe. which he has originated among the natives of his own district with, great suc oss. Native farmers h&ve been in the past cteTRed exorbitant rates of interest which . often reach 50 per cent. Mr: Nail has so arranged with certain financial institutions tnat the.nanves can now borrow money at P ^ osJ-vwhich is regarded as low' in- terest: The authorities are anxious to see the system extended.. . Lord Carmichael (Governor of Madras, and formerly Qover '.??.-£„? Victoria) had a long conversation with Mr. Nail, and showed keen interest in the proposals to release the farmers of Ben ral.from -extortionate money lenders. Mr. £ails mission is supported by the Baptist Union of ViVlnna . —A Cornish. Peepshow.— r A contributor to The , London Record [Anglican), writing about' Cornwall: 40 years ago, tells the following capital story- —The Rev. Mark Guy Pearse, one of the most popular ministers in the ? Weileyan qonnecUon. and a Cornishman to boat, Tras- enjoying a aniet holiday1 in his native county. Attired. in, holiday, costume and ; cbvested of his white.tie, he hoped to pass on his way without recognition,- and, hav ing wandered some way into the country, he chanced upon a village Methodist anni versary. A. neighbouring brass band was performing, a- tempting feast was spread, and Mr. Pearse was, thirsty. In this re mote corner no one .will jenaw him. So uei»ys his entrance fee,- sits down at the nearest table, and begins;.to refresh him self -with tea, saffron .cake, splits and cream, and other Cornish 'oelrcacies. But alas, 'the best laid schemes 'of mice and .men gang aft a-gley.'. - A hand gently touched his shoulder, a chapel steward whispers mysteriously, *Beg pardon' maes ter, but -may I hev awurd wid 'e?1' Some way withdrawn from the crowd, with con sternation he heard, 'Baint k Mr. Mark liny Pearae?' He was invited to see the chapel, then the vestry/where the polite steward offered him 'a chair, and, before a word of protest could be uttered, the self locked m'the vestty, with the in genious steward outside announcing' to the author of DanT Quom and ffis W^ ^otions,'tlocked m the vestry, and they could an have a sight of him at.3d. a head. J.ae proceeds of the anniversary proved liighly satisfactory, end no doubt the in ' ev nn phapei detc w*3 reduced con siderably; no doubt also Mr. Pearse, on regaining his liberty, found his faith in the resourcefulness of Cornish Methodism much increased. Would the inhabitants of any other county in England pay 3d. a head merely to look in the face of a preacher whom they did not know!' — Immortality. — Harold Begbie, discussing the question of our present knowledge regardins immor tality, ui the February Pall .Mall Magazine i - . ***'* *»*?««. »c mat we aoaii ever know immortality to be the reason of exist ence in the same manner* that we know the very few quite obvious facts of human Me. It will always live in the mysterious region of, faith, never in the text books of mathematics. Most of us know that the eun docs not rise and set; we are perfectly certain, that it does not, in sp-te of the ' evidence of our eyes. Such knowledge of immortality we may certainly gain bit studv and reflection. But the human race will iiever know, I think, that it is certainly immortal as one knows that dynamite ex plodes that the heart beats, and that the pea ebbs and \flows. We shall never see immortality with human eyes, never touch it with human hands. Man lives the greater part of his physical life by faith— digestion, metabolism, nourishment and repair of the cell-tissues— and to the end of Jus days, I conjecture, lie will live the greater part of his spiritual life aiso by faith. —a lreacners Jiemonal.— Immediately after the -death of the veteran. Rev. R. S. Casely. ivho had been more than 50 years a Methodist minister tlie trustees of the Kent Tpwn Methodist Church decided to perpetuate his memorv by the erection c{ a marble tablet in the church. The work lias been admirably carried out by Mr. W. Darby of Hind'- i ? . marsh square, and the tablet has been erected, ahd will be Unveiled bf Mr, W; A. L. Casely.during the service Wbe con ducted .to-morrow evening by the Rev. F. Lade, MX. Many.old friends of the late rev, gentleman will be present. An illustration of the tablet is given herewith. —A Missionary Hero.— The death in Egypt of Dr. E. ^aynard Pain,' M.D., has caused sadhese in mis sionary and medical circles. He was the eldest son of. (he Right Rev. A. }V. Pain, D.D., Anglican Bishop of Gippsland. He was a native of New 'South Wales, and re ceived his education at Sydney University. He always showed warm eympathV with mission work, and. though he had a fine professional career before him in Australia, abandoned it in 1902 and proceeded' to Old Cairo to take up; hospital work .among the Egyptians, chjeflj' Mohammedans'. The hospital of which he had charge -Is. carried on by the Church of England Missionary Society and is one of the largest missionary hospital? in the world. Latest figures show that 25.700 out-patients are treated yearly, and 5,600 in-patient& To deal 'with such a large ^number of sick people imposed a1 tremendous strain on the staff, atii Dr. Pain did nearly twice as much work as a man would do who Considered hie. own health. Melbourne people describe him as a man. of lofty character, and an ~ ideal medical missionary, who loved his work be cause it stood for the Christianity which means caring for .one's neighbour.'' — Broadening Anglicanism.— .a movement is on loot to nave toe Angli can Church in Canada recognise the- Non- conformists -in the interests, 'of. Christian unity. Thirty Anglican clergymen have issued a circular td their brother clerics ad vocating '(a) the admission of ministers of other drarches, under certain restrictions and by 'rightful authority, to the pulpits of Anglican churches;' (b) extension of permis sion to members of other churches in good standing, oh certain occasions, to communi cate.' They base their arguments on the spirit of the Lambeth Conference d' 1908, 'tKe trumpet call' of the Edipburg5. Con ference, the ' necessity for ' missionary co operation, and the divine rebukes against religious exelusivehess. These 30 divines (says The Canadian Courier) deserve the heartv thanks of the members of their own church and of all other Protestant churches.' Christian unity is one of the greatest needs of the 'day, and up to the present the Epis copal churches have set their faces against it as resolutely as the non-Episcopal' churches have favoured it. That a change in this respect is coming is indeed glad news. ? ? v '.???? —Adelaide Diocesan Missionary ITrtes.— The Rev. JV S. Needham (superintendent of the Yarrabah Aboriginal Mission Sta tion in Queensland), in acknowledging the receipt of Christmas presents' sent from South Australia, writes:— 'As the grand -on of a South Australian clergyman it was most interesting to , me to see the parcels coming from familiar place:,. We have had'a bid time lately. Except Miss Broom we all had malaria. Nurse Jones has bad to leave. My wife and fami, y are not allowed to return. Then a cyclone wrought fearful damaee. I came back from the ho'snitalto find a devastated Yar rabah^.two boats' with a dingy lost, an other boat badly damaged, houses down, roofs off/ plantation fiat. We are thrown back greatly.' ? — A' Murray . Minister.— The rector of Mildura parish (the Rev. Noltenius) will leave Mildura shortly, and wUl be greatly missed by his -parishioners. An 'at hbme','iB to be held on March 3 in the Federal Hall, Mildura, \to afford Rev. and Mrs. Noltenius an opportunity to meet -their friends before leaving. -', ?—Presbyterian.— The British Weekly says that Mr. W. position of Moderator of the nest' General Assembly of the.- Presbyterian Church,' U.S.A.. which is to be convened at Ata laata, Ga., in May. i — Salvation' Army.— := . . Col. Cain will open the new senior and junior, mission halls in Dale street, Port Adelaide,- on Saturday afterndori:. The structures, which represent a' distinct ad vance in Salvation Army wort at ]Port Adelaide, have been completed at a cost approximately of £1,600, while the quar ters for officers will mean the expenditure' of upwards of ' £100 more. Adjutant Wyatt is in charge of the Port Adelaide district. —Australian Board of Missions.— . The Christmas festivities at the Mitchell River Mission aroused much interest u the district. Even the wild blacks were greatly excited, and had been talking of the ap proach of Christmas for two months be forehand. Several old women who came into the station for treatment of bad leg* m-ri- oJ»mtpH to he. rnnninsr bade to^Jieir camp. When questioned about it, they said they were getting ready for Christmas, so that their legs would not be so stiff. The argument is not_ cfeor, but perhaps they expected the festivities to indude- ath letic sports.yOn the last evening of the old year an entertainment was arranged by Mrs. Nash for the benefit of the Soutlf Sea Islanders, who are generally in Thursday Island in large numbers at this time, ^ome 40 or 50 were present, and a very pleasaut evening was spent from 8 to 11. lie chief amusement was provided by Mr. J. Lewis; who lent his excellent gramophone, with a fine collection of records. A good teavwas provided, and later the whole assenbly joined in singing hymns. At 11 p.m. the Vicar spoke a few words, and offered thanksgiving for past mercies and prayers for the coming year.— The Bishop of New Guineu writes truly enough \i;hen he says, 'The launch is the best doctor- we can have just now, and nothing oughi to jeopardize- our being able to keep her.' There could not be a more valuable auxi liary in the Bishop's hands, and in case of need, when local medicine and nui--ing have done their utmost, he will be able, as he himself puts it. 'to run sick people to the doctor in Samarai in a few hours.' TKe upkeep of the launch (the Whitkkk), which i.= so necessary to the work, costs about £500 a year.— An important piecQ of news is the reopening of the training school for native students ot Ganuganuana There are four students now placed under Mr Newton'? fatherly care. The time mav be remote, but the realization of the ideal expressed by Bishop Stone-Wigj on the day of his consecration long ago. 'That the Papuan Church may eventually be a na tive church, manned by a native ministry and self-supporting,' is earnestly Loped Three Baptist ministers will be fore weLeJ next week. The Rev. A. T. Brains 'Twll-rver his connection with the Tyiite Street Church, North Adelaide, and Vffl preach his fet Sunday sermon tc-morrW, prior to his departure for Wellington New &^nd- . T»« R.W. W. S. RoSngB, oT Goodwood and Richmond, wfl] leaVe on jihursdny for Ponsonby. near Auckland New Zealand; and the R6V J. G K who b about to retire from the UnW Fark Chtirjrh, on neeoimt of ill health will depart upon a trip to England. — Church Membership.— ! Tbe followinR summary of church me'nv bprship n-as presented at the Methodist Conference on Fnday morning for the in ™.at'°» » those present.— Adelaide Hill. 81o, 122; Western. 2.921, 100; Eyro's wnirona^,'51- 'i South-Eastern, 994, 130: total. 20./64: net increase. L509  [?] Cobiir has -luciucd on Saturday as the shopping- holiday. At Forest Keels on Friday last two dogs were slung to death by bees. ) Some horses knocked over a couple of beehives in a yard near- where the* two dogs were chained up, and the bees attacked tht dogs,, with 'the re sult stated. v i: : '?'?? i At Guyra show last week an inno-: vation was introduced in the shape of a' charge for motor ,1# car,; stands around the .show ring.; The, receipts Jrom this source totalled, £10/ ; The Glen Inncs society . is ; giving the idea a trial, '?'.., ; ''.'. Forbes' Municipal Council' intends installing two , of the new ; stylo bub-. bling drinking fountains in populous parts of the town. '?' ' ? ' \ ' At last week's meeting of the Wel lington Troting Club 'committee, the chairman . read the following letter from the treasurer (Mr. S. Marsden) 1, 'Owing to the manner in. which I was ? insulted by the president lit the meet ing . held on Saturday,' oth inst., 1 hereby resign my position as treasur er of the Wellington Trotting Club. When I was insulted for doing what, in my opinion, was for the welfare of the club, I have no other course but to resign.' ',,?, .- j ?.':.'? \\ ; , ? 1 ? The -chairman said that the only 'way in which he knew ;tho- treasurer to'be insulted was this:. ; Me moved a motion, and was defeated on it, and then left the room, and he (the, pre; sident)- said he was no sport. '1 here were many members 'lucre, who were at the meeting, and who could bear out his statement that he in no way insulted the treasure'?.' ?' i A Cowra hotel' put the price of drinks up to cjd one day last week, and dropped back to Od the following day. '' . ' No. 1 booth for the Easier race meeting at Cowra brought £65. The population of Sydney is now 777,000. The 25 recruits 'secured at the Ar midale show appeals,' last week, con: smute a record for the .State, as far as country carnivals are 'Concerned, j. The Hull's Eye man in wondering; what the result will be in Uathurst. ; Bishop ? Kudford, in criticising the; gala held in Goulburn in aid of. the Lord Mayor's Fund, deplored the necessity for 'turning the city into a scene of mad frolic .to obtain a paltry .,' /Moo.1! '.'. ??'? ';',' ?!;!. ,. '- ' -.?; y . vvA; strike;:occurred: at ..'/.the St. Fat-i l-ick-!s;,;Ptay/Bp'6r^nt.:/lS\fesyiUc.V..ili^ lj6ol{makersr-deman3-i'd-af!reU.ucUdn.'-,9g:-;'.-f fees and- refused to ; bet .unless ; .this: '.-?? was' made. The request was refused,, and the bookmakers would not field. As soon as this became known, the entrants in the pedestrian events, re- . fused to run. H looked for some ttme. as if these events would have to be abandoned,' but the committee, after * an hour's delay, granted the 'request, and the sports were commenced. in lining three landholders at the ? Guyra police court recently .6.3/3/ and costs, lor not destroying rabbit har bors, the P.M. remarked that H was necessary to make lhe.';pehally.:,hcnvy, otherwise people would rather pay the line than go to the expense of extcr- - minating the rabbits. The full contributions to the Sixth War Loan from Armidalc to date arc ,£30,600. : ?.-???? , These figures are worth taking . notice of. . At Onehunfia, a suburb of Auck land (N.Z.), a lion recently escaped from the zoo, and headed for a pad dock where a cow was busy turning clover into milk. Presently the gentle creature looked up,1 and its jaw drop ped at sight of the apparition. Then with a snort she charged with tail skyward, and when the zoo ' party presently arrived they' found the escaped lying in a heap in the pad dock hedge, looking as if he wished he'd n.ever been born. — N.Z; paper. At the evening service at St. John's Presbyterian Church, Ballarat, last Sunday, the Rev. . 11. Shall berg made a plea for the introduction of more music into the chtirch service.: Har mony, he said, was to be heard every-,1 where — man, beast, and bird render ing praise to the Creator, and it might wel| enter more largely into ? the service. There was too much preaching. Not many, people c-— Id digest two sermons' on one day. A good many could not digest one, so that the, second sermon meant wasted bnergy. . ? .- ??- / ; Mr. Clcmcntc Wragge makes (says the Auckland 'Weekly' News') , the following remarks on the' weather: 'Another upheaval ? in the sun, about 12,000'milcs in diameter, isapproach-1: ing'the centre or solar disc. .^Toxthese abnormal conditions is certainly! at- : tributable the Chinese earlhqunkc^and also eartli tremors, in New Zealand, - and the South African floods. Winds on an awful scale, with gigantic, ton gues of hydoigen, flame around these solar storms in exattly the same, man iier as do the winds around the puny ' ' cyclones of earth, northern andsouth ern hemispheres respectively; arid it must ever be remembered that the earth and the sun are inseparably linked together by the allpervading wireless etheric waves. Such affect not only our atmosphere, but also in dustrial affairs and the vagaries of . Human nature at this critical time.1' j Poor old Clem- is always pessimis tic about the weather, but somehow his dreadful forecasts generally .' fail to materialise. . ' ,;.''!''?  SAYINGS OF TO-DAY AND YESTERDAY. Circumstances alter kisses.—Caro lyn Wells. Many are men of probity—until you begin to probe.—J. Whitman. The man who can't remember when he was a fool is one yet.—Strickland Gillian. About the only way a woman can keep a secret is to keep it going.— Nathan Levey. Woman: A being to run away from, o.r with—as the case may be.—Elbert Hubbard. Young men, I have to advise you to try to be good rather than great. You'll have less competition.—T. Lawson. The wages of sin is exposure.—Es telle Klauder. A high old time lays many a man low.—Cole Blease. On the door of success is "push," in brass.—Upton Sinclair. Lots of people will take everything for granted, except__a hint.—Green wood Lake. 'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all, but ' it isn't so cheap.—Sam Stimson. The trouble with the average mar ried man is that he doesn't know what a jewel his wife is till he comes to j put her in a casket. -General Sickles. "Northerner" writes:—Anent the [ drought, the recent heat spell, and the ' prospects of the rain which promises and never comes, it is curious to note | that when- Queensland summer rains I come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should he so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was lo the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to • talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which .doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a. summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti cyclones which spell rain for the ; south of the continent. The pearl- | fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin • have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it.  USEFUL RAIN. MORE EXPECTED SHORTLY. "The Government Meteorologist reported on \ifc. tóday morning:-"Further raia was recorded over the agricultural areas during the past 24 hours, but with few exceptions the amounts received have been only light and under a quarter of an inch. In the upper north, with, the exception of 53 points at Melrose, the falls were very «mattered and under 10 pointe. In the lower north a few places recorded over 30 points, otherwise they were exceedingly light. On the Mount Lofty rangea and the lower South-East the following stations received about half an inch:-Stirling Wef-t, 54 point?; Mount Gambier, 47 points; àarracoorte, 43 pointe; Lucin- I dale, 43 points; while Uraidla registered I the highest individual total, namely, 83 points. Elsewhere over the southern coastal districts the rains are chiefly lieht, but with the falls recorded the pre- vious day the totals* represent a useful precipitation. Adelaide during the past 48 boura received 28 points. This morning's weather chart bhows that the disturbance which produced the recent rain now lies to the west of Tasmania, and a moderate anti-cyclone covers the greatest part of . this State and the interior. Another Ant «rtcic disturbance, however, is advancing along the ocean towards this State, and i-honTd bring more unsettled weather with rain." The 9 p.m. report stated:-"The new 'Antarctic disturbance has by this after- noon's reports advanced eastward, the barometer over our western districts fall- ing under its influence. We may, there- fore, expect unsettled weather and ram »gain by the end of the week." "LET FARMERS REJOICE." Mr. Clement Wragge writes:-''There is fio 'new' disturbance at present in the ¿Australasian region. It is all sweet "Lisbeth.' The 'g'ri' covers, as it were, the Southern Ocean horizontally, her head over Tasmania, her skirts over the Bight, and ber legs off Cape Leeuwin. She had not yet done with South Australia by any means, and farmers can rejoice and jubi- late to their hearts' content." . BAIN* ON KANGAROO ISLAND. Lieutenant-Colonel Castine, who had been on a visit to Kanearoo Island, re- j turned to Adelaide on ThursSay evening. ile stated that bountiful rains had fallen on portions of the island. At the Springs, where the Government experimental plots are situated, about l8 miles from Kir»" ecote. th e rainfall from July 10 to 16 amounted to 1.04 in., and the experimental plots were looking extremely wall. A" DREARY PROSPECT. Eudunda. July 16. The continued absence of rain is causing the gravest anxiety. In most casos where the land Las been examined the grain, where it has not grown, is still in the ground. In dozens of cases farmers had re»own their land in June, because they j could fee where the wheat had started to ¡ grow, but there was not enough moisture j to drive the plant through the top soil. 1 In many paddocks, where apparently there waa no moisture in the ground,whatever, the wheat is through and looking healthy and strong. There are farmers who pos Bev crops that are through splendidly, .whilst other portions of their holdings have -come up patchily. If the (trains still in the ground do'not malt with the-- first rains they will grow. Last year a far- mer on the Anlaby Blocks found that in one of his paddocks wheat came up as late as September, and he burned bis cattle on to the wheat and fed it off. The re- fait was an even-grown crop. This parti- cular paddock turned out best of all he had, 27 bushels being the average off about 60 acres. . Along the road to Anlaby Blocks their is some nice, wheat, but most pad- docks are patchy. Where the eoil is sandy the wheat has 'come through, but not where the red clay soil predominates. "Fanners in the scrub believe most of tneir fefd has perished, and even should rain fall s*»on and conditions be favorable, they do not hope for even a fair harvest. Al- though the outlook is so bad in the scrub, the best piece of wheat between Morgan ran be &lt;?een in the heart of the scrub. Dur- ing the March floods Mr. R. KKtecher, of Bower, had about 100 acres of fallow ground nnder water for hours, so that it was thoroughly saturated. At fir«t he intended to sow the lot, but. unfortunately, put in only 25 acres. This piece ¿as been fed off twice, ' and the wheat is a foot high again. ,4Mr. Kilitssher bfclicve3 erhonld no more rain faD till harvest that there is enough moisture in the ground to bring this wheat to a head. On ground sown alongside this flat he thinks the prospect hojéeles«.  Wragge's Warning. Jlr. Clement Wragge offers some recent observations on tlie universal subject of tlie weather. "Tlie only intermediate prospects of intervening showers in inland and Kiverina districts lies in the fact that the extreme northern edge ot an Antarctic depression named "Conroy," is S.S.W. from "Leeuwin.' "Conroy" means well, anil to him tanners must look during the ensu ing ten days for a temporary refresh ing precipitation. JJut two gigantic anti cyclones, or high pressure sys tems, oil either side are doing their utmost, as it were, to block him, and it must bo candidly admitted that the situation away from the coast looks very serious. Solar con ditions spell drought, as special ob servations clearly show, while oppo site effects have been, and will yet be, manifest in the Northern Hemis phere, to wit, the American floods—' negative and positivo etheric vibra tions. operating respectively by wireless waves linking up the sun with the earth. "How much longer must we sound the warning note. We knew in 1904 that 1912 would be a bad year in continental Australia. I frankly told the poeple so eight years ago, and was laughed at by those who had neither brains nor the wisdom to understand. But to cry at the |>veseut time would bo absurd. Now is the time for manly action on the part of tho farmers and pastoralisty. Let I hem bo up and doing — let them make wells, dam tlio little creek beds on their holdings, conserve, and not lot the ! proverbial "drop" of any interven-1 ing rain rjm to waste.. J  LOCAL NEWS. A remarkable prediction of severe hurricanes was .published by Mr. Clement Wragge on January 9 and has been ful filled in tlic disastrous cyclone which visited •. Queensland last week. S&lt;jme §txiki|^./ibser*aficw*koy Mr. Wraggo .o.n tin? afftrotlier^.'CWJrer subjects appeal' in another part of this issue. „. A .puidit i? u ai.ul.jp,resentatit)(i of 'ci'iJS(i!oHtwMo{^ujU»t*Sk-y"hoVienHsted •' froni tlui Shire of Murtlaliv will tie held in_the .ilortlake. l-'iitmiir (t:ivflpii ijjj_^Saturday -.-week?. Mez .k-^Gr. .Nlawtipld. M.P., aivd Mr. I). .S. hma'ii.'M.'L. A., will be present ;md -Mr,'Manifold will .'present the certificates. Tho gathering will take the form of a picnic, the public providing their own luncheon and the committee supplying hot water.' " Afternoon ' tea will be avail able at a charge;of-6d. A mixed doubles' tennis tournament -will be held and there will be a ' programme of sports for children. Entries for the tennis tourna ment will close with Mr. L. J. Sweetnam at 6 p.m. on Friday, February 8. The Terang Brass Hand will render selections during tho day. > ■ ■ Direct from the tea garden to the teapot: Our Red Label Tea, 1/8 per lb. Try a sample pound.- ■ M. and l!.'s * Tlie annual- school,v excursion to 'Port Fairy will bo hold-, on Thursday next.' The first train xvill leave Terang at 7.10 a.m. and run through without stopping. Four. othjM' trains will Iea.w here at .7.40 8.15.;; C.^s. ,9.15 .a.m.,,- and . will stop at ali-*t;»tjot)s,to'Warrnambno]. The return fares from Te'rang are:—.Jnniors 2/11. teachers 4/6. adults 5 9. A limited number of tickets to Warrnambool will be available at 2/3. for jtniors and 4/6 for adults. Bonafide ' scholars attending any school taking part in the excursion and children under school .age will he sup plied with free railway tickets. Tickets aiv now vin sale at the business places in. Tuning, at the railway stations, and at State schools." On Wednesday next tho secretary will attend at the Mechanics' Institute-. Terang. for the sale of tickets, from 7.30 to 9- p.m. For tickets pur- > chased, on the morning of the - excursion there will be an -extra charge of sixpence for adults and .threepence for- children. At Port, Fairy inqtor\.boats and sailing boats-will make the usual trips round the and drags will run between the two beaches. Hot water and milk will bo •provided free of charge by the Port Fairy Seaside Visitors' Association. Eroni tlio Workshop direct to tho Homo! All middlemen's profits saved J>y dealing . .with T. Walls and Co., Furniture and Cycle Manufacturers, Toning and Maryborough. * In tlio competition for the studentships awarded by the Warrnambool Technical School for the forthcoming year ther'o wc.ro twenty-one candidates: Of this number the. following awards have been made :—Senior School.—All day engineer ing course, giving free tuition to success ful candidate for one year, in order of merit: L. Woods, Higher Elementary School, Terang; Bruce McConnell. Higher Elementary School. Terang ; Thomas Cole. State School. Cobden. Two .studentships in this section have not been awarded as tho marks of candidates wore not quite up to .standard-, Jmd a further examination will bo held later. All day commcrcial girls' section, giving free tuition for twelve months ill the full commercial course, in order of-merit: Mary Croft, Allan's Forest State School; Minnie Mel huish, Warrnambool State School ; Lily Newman, ' Warrnambool State School. Two studentships in- this section also have not been awarded and a further examina tion will be held later. Junior Technical School.:—All flay - course, in order of merit: H. Cameron, State School, Mort lakej If. Cathcart. fj,tate School, Mort lake : Thomas Cole, State School;- Cobden: ,1. Yiekiu's,- State School. PamftureG. -Ul>iinuigJbon. ., Statu--•Kfhonl. 'Dennington ; if. Marshall,. State School. - Warrnambool; A. Thomas. State • School. Dennington. Of the Junior Technical School student ships, only three were to be awarded unless other arrangements were made or some of the successful candidates dropped out. Thomas Cole is a successful candi date in both the engineering and Junior Technical sections, and will therefore have tho choice of entering either of these divi-. sk>ns, in which case, another boy upon tho Junior Technical list- will take his place. H. Cameron, in addition to his work for the Junior Technical .School, at tempted the Algebra paper of the Senior School, and gained 76 pc cent, in this subject. Buy at Montgomery and Bradsha.w's. Half-yeavly Grand Fair on Monday next, it will last for 14 days only ! * The annual meeting of the Terang Brass Band will bo hold at the bandroom on Tuesday evening, 12th February. M(.-labors of the_. public^ who take, an in terest in tli'c bhlia iU'e* specially* asked to be present. Word has been received that Private Thomas O'Connor, of The Sisters, has been admitted to the 1st Southern General Hospital, Birmingham. England, suffering from gunshot wounds in the back-. Pte. O'Connor left Australia on the 19th February, 1917, on board the S.S. Ballarat -which was torpedoed on Anzac Day, April 25, 1917, at the en &nbsp; tra nee to the English Channel. He be longed to the 5th Battalion and had seen &nbsp; several months' of active serviec in &nbsp; France. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; There was a great rush at the Warr nambool railway station on Monday when the window was thrown open for the sale of -race train tickets, and in the 1 crush a man was seen to snatch up a ticket without paying for it-. He im mediately dashed off and was lost it) tlje crowd. It was a daring and smart- piece of work, but it was not done so quickly that the raihvsly/olHcial had not- had time to note the number of the ticket. Fail ing to discover the culprit the railway men immediately communicated .with ' the Camperdown polico station, and the . re sult- was that Constable A. W. Dainty collected the ticket and the man in possession of it on arrival in Camperdown. lie was arrested ay evening A^bro%m-'TO3rr^jr"0Vinii. J.P° and charged with the theft- of a railway ticket, and remanded to appear at) Warr nambool. The accused, who gave the name of Alfred Joseph Schultz, was re turned to Warrnambool in rlia rge of Con stable A'Hearn the same evening. Ho made a statement, to the effect, that he was at present out of work, and admitted taking the ticket. Montgomery and Bradshaw's Half yearly Grand Fair opens Monday next, February 4th, and will continue for 14 days oply I * An unique illustrated land booklet-. We have received a very interesting and instructive booklet dealing with land settlement in New South Wales from-Mr. ■ IT. R. MoWilliani. formerly of Wagga Wagga. the well-known land specialist. Tljis enterprising agent has now romoved to the larger sphere of operations -in Sydney, and transacts lnisiness over tho whole State. lie has properties for- sale on i.iie rich North Coast, where the. natural pastures easily carry one tw to Mwj-mn'Ai;* or he can sell you a station ' on the great, fattening ' plains i ; tii'"'ilie'Xortli West, or a wheat, farm-in ! ll\e Tliverinn or the Central Slopes' Tho booklet is very nicely illustrated, iiud'- is wnrtli perusal by any investor, ln/id . set-i iler. or grazier. As announced in our advcilising column, the booklet ran be had f:ee by any bonalide person who wants to know where to buy 'and in New South Wales . When planti ng Seeds, obtain tho best— I'V II. IVuniug's Incomparable. r Local Agent: ,v. \V. fcjmitli. r Clias. N. Ki^Wers, the well-known Pianoforte Tuner and K.spert.. is now in the district, and will in future visit Terang every few weeks. Orders and all information at Walls and Co. Woods' Great Peppermint; Ours for Doughs and Oolcta, wt fulij !£.• '.The tednis tournament in aid of tho Framlingbam Branch ol tbe_ Red Cross to be held on Saturday (to-morrow) is exciting a great amount of interest m tlrn district. Players from Warrnarabool, Grasmere, Terang, Mortlake, Deninngton, and the surrounding districts will be present. The tournament will be held on the School Tennis Court, which is m good order. The ladies of the Red Cross Society will supply afternoon tea, and in addition there will be iced drinks, ice creams, fruit salads, nnd all the sweetest and. nicest edibles. Valuable trophies for the competition have been donated by Mr. Mainland, of Warrnambool, and Mr. Powling. of Framlingham. The Fram-, Iingham Red Cross is a very live concern and the ladies who work so hard for such a splendid cause deserve all the assistance that- can be obtained. A Cobrico correspondent writes:—"In common with all parts of the Western District, farmers of Cobrico are experienc ing difficulty in securing sufficient sup plies of mill offal. In fact much more could be advantageously used than is available, and the men on the land are consequently suffering to an extent. In the fourse of conversation a prominent local fanner informed me that lie was of opinion that, so as not to be continually hampered in this direction, the dairymen and pig breeders would in future grow more feed for their own use, and so bo independent of the city mills. He added that that was the course lie was following, and pointed out that the decision of the Directors of the Cobden Butter Factory to instal a grinding plant opened up a wiiy out of the difficulty. Crushed oats, he stated, were equally as good for cattle as bran, while the supply of pig feed could be made up by grinding the damaged wheat which the Government is now* letting out at a reduced rate, as j well as other grain grown by the farmers. This \youId make an excellent substitute J.for pig feed. The plant at Cobden Butter i Factory will very shortly commence operations, when the situation as regards food for cattle and pigs should almost immediately become more satisfactory. The serious snortage of mill offal will probably have the effect of making the men engaged in the primary industries relv more upon their own efforts, and tho feeling is that in the future thev will grow grain to be turned into feed for their own cows and pigs." ' Mr. Marchant, expert consulting optician, will visit Terang on Monday, 4th February, and may be consulted at tho Commercial Hotel from 1.30 to 6.30 p.m. * j Mr. John Tehan, of Dixie, has received the following letter, dated France. .Nov ember 19, 1917, from hia lew. Private ) Jack Tehan:—"I am quite well and battling along,_ living a day at a time. \\o are out of the trenches for a rest, I in a good big town, and are having a fair time; but the worst of it is the' good tiriles don t last. But we cannot { growl, as things could be a lot worse, W e expect to put in a good winter, and 1 that is a lot. You have no idea what j a winter is like here. I have not met any of the'other boys for a few weeks, but I think they are all well, AVe have had some big fights this last few months and we are more than lucky to all "at out with a whole skin. A good niany°of the lads from our way have gone west. Ion will have heard of them before vou get this note. You will be pleased to hear that I have the D.C.M. I was n '"ew days ago by General •-U" W Mliam Birdwood ; so vou see I have not done my punch. I hope to win a V.C. yet. I will send the medal home as soon as I get it. I am sending mater the piece of ribbon that I got from General Birdwood." A 'B\g fill! yf T(i&lt;j Bargains: Montgomery and Bradshaw's Half-vearlv Grand Fair, for the next 14 days. % ' An unsuccessful attempt was made to "'H' ^'le fimboon railwav station on Thursday night of last week. The would-be thief is set down to be an amateur from the circumstance that he was unable to gain admission through the door which he damaged somewhat ■ii an endeavor to open. The fact that the noise he made was audible in Mr Murphv s hotel resulted in his being disturbed. He immediately decamped and so far his identity has not been dis covered. .Speaking at a meeting of members of the Rejected Volunteers' Association in the Melbourne Tow,, Hall on Wednesday night, Mr. Donald Mackinnon, M.L.A.". Director-General of Recruiting, said ho , ei'n appalled to learn that 27,000 men had been rejected in Victoria. It, seemed to him that there must be some thing wrong with a scheme which turned to 7X' r" Vr"V T'h'; ^Wl thp P],,ck 10 otTcr to fight. He had known of men bei.i" ejected here who had gonp to England and been received with open arms. Somo had returned after a couple of years' S:;:r , he ha.(J never heard of one comin back a rejected or unlit man Rejected men were good material thrown men 45 vr!''P -eal>' 7'lCre Wel'e maln' men 45 yean, ot ago discharged, not for wounds or ill-health, hut for senility, be cau.-L they had reached the age "limit They were g0lng about. their district; doing incalculable harm, because hey were apparently fit men, 'and others, .5 ° * lt'm' wel'c Inclined to s»v that this man w-as stronger than theV. so whv P~kU X. ' a"" TCr?Str^ A!ef\tV Theodore Fink also spoke. Don t miss Montgomery and Brad next' Tt T -V; Grand F"ir 011 Monday £ . It lasts only 14 days. Don't miss tggpipSS K S,orife 'fn'triS t'V "t °! -"Tlh- '"dilutions oi $ Sis ii 42,000 free meals a. week v'u,-SUPP '°S Agent Stationer and News i» l.i»'new »tssj^rJMssis ... tAj 1U13U £150,000 (the cost of' constructing tho oiio "'hundred nnfos of road) by public subscription, and the whole of the work is to be undertaken by returned soldiers as a memorial to all Victorians who took part in the great war. It is claimed that this road, apart from the enormous pleasure to be derived from it by thousands of tourists, will be a sound business proposition, and will bring vast sums of money annually into the towns and watering places en route. It will open up magnificent country still in its virgin state, and capable of growing any thing. The scheme altogether is a big .one, and deserves the serious consideration of residents throughout the area to be served. The Mayor of Geelong will ^elaborate the scheme at this morning's meeting, and is hoped there will be a largo attendance at the Mechanics' Hall at.the appointed hour. It will bo of interest to users, and dairymen generally, that the L.K.G. Milker still retains the premier position with the dairying community. During this year sales have eclipsed all pre vious records. Users who have bucket plants can hare them converted to the overhead pulsator and delirery systems (which haTe been in use in New Zea land and New South Wales for the past six years) at a reasonable cost. Dupli cate parts for all machines can be pro cured- from. G. Atkins, Terang; J. I Walls, ^Campe^down; or W. R, Edgar, The Port Fairy (_• have morning tea, iUl,cj,"*V tea, etc.. at the Lectin' j'r - day, 7th Februarv, ti,.. (l,,! 1'• o: Port Fairy excursion. \" ' t!; well catered for. = ..Mr. \Y. 1-. Xehiil. i,t t received from Li.-ut k commanding oiiice,- „i t'i, Ji A.I.F.. the follow!,,: u,,0'th >tt the death of his so,, I.,,,, rei«t: Xehill:—"i regret to that your sou. X0 355 , imor^ops Joseph Xehiil. died 0f w^1 111 action «n 4/11/-17 il? "?s Hospital. Calais. ;]1„| j . LMh (;.feag* of the -office,'., mm-coramiM1' ? ^ and men o, this battali,,,, 1(1 ^ you our deepest sym,,ltlu who had been with the i . , - -&' its formation, at all rim,. ta >o u-s'P. -If in such a respect, praise. ami • ° 1 Mf'&Srfs ranks by his un^L'dT^n ff devotion to duty UlIf& , cumstances. His death is , 5!'-'^ to the battalion and we -,n etsllMt oss. not only oi a co,e > brave man who «-oftli»K- * )|i:l highest traditions of th-^ \"r3 le,| , . *■' 1H Word Las been received ; f Defence Department bv Mi- ry&lt;> SS his son. Private J. O'th-,,!',. .- aJl tr> Australia. ' •' ls M-j -Miss .Alary .Mack's iJmv Pn , 1 Company gave a fol0 JuJj.lll.k CL the Terang Public Iiall la=t Tn^fl •»S i» aid of the fund fo, r [the Light Horso in 1 members -oi the compailv 4&t*&lt; artistes and every item in'^-V'^ was received with enthusiastic , 01 approval bv the :' were three chorused »jwI'T \\ant 1'ou Dearie." and | m all 01 which a channi,,. ,.i; " I produced by .Miss .U;„v : . ' ! accompaniments. The* chorm^". >ou Dearie was a speciilh- , item and had lo he. u-peated.' ^ ' aiso gave a whisth'11 • Sll], li Mv' f^raby." Tl,e tone w;i' «J', V * :; hke and the rendition i„ tin-";'1- ^ or the pretty old son* thr.i 'V , V. (lie audience. -U-xn -itM" -)|ack whistled '"V.'V Divine. .Miss ibu-v Thif, • » patriotic songs of high ai-ti«i { a stirring and appealing v.-nV' if-"1' numbers were "Khafci Lad"'u and 'There's Only One *-: was recalled for both and -Morning. Brother Sunshine.-" the Old 'World Keen Ti-m P - Lilian Kowe, who i*1 ih*Te ' - fine soprano voice, made ' '•* exquisite effect in he- f11 ' 01 Spring" a,Hi Tojti fA {'i®' as we'l as in the em> r, The Swallows" (Cowem. ' ^ Sandman (Brahms). ««&lt;,- „• ami which she imparts to it. Everv'-i'r® emotion ,s accurately leaded 31 1- ah done quite naturally. Md ,4 anv apparent straining aftereffect! (PhiUin f'St S°llg "A Stri"S 0' H (1 lullips). was a particularly &j formance. In response to a J " &lt;Stekei> was | ^lack s other song 'Tor Em-larfpfl also given with powerful effect a-feA fo lowed by Moie Brahe's "Uo-.v„®| -Mi.-s Eina Penuicott immenselv the .uidience witli a series of cakht®^ comic- items, which resulted l,Y® ■ ir u l)LPIstc,,t recalls. She 4e"°«S being tJ&M Kvo• ' Jol'""y "Hi.- Mm Ljes m response. In the second,* " if '/0 l'roS';'nime .Miss Pennictt ca led four times, and tan- "CaU-Ml T, '^"" t ie,'s "Listen-®^ \ I;^a"le- ' aml ft-gis - j1^ , of Stars" was eso-wl leiidei^d by .Misses Rowe and Marifel -Mis. R. Jennings, by whom the were P^.^cl, also eontJ ^ •g.jon" (Schutt). The violin ol -Miss Lonia Stirling wr,. a trMr? hsten to and was thoroughly sppW fiIt &lt;\ a,Udlf"CC>. „Miss st.rhn:f^'H ,1, A'lclallt,no fLemare) and . ' !.err'°'^-° "'j n',lthusiastic emr4;':M i.eit > Serenade." Late,- in the .he was twice recalled for her pkU>4'::; - lazurka (Wieniawski), and r; A '—, ^Dedla)' GaV°tte &lt;Gosses! :inci ''S;^v, is®; ClU'u- J'hiIVotS, Dental S: Sli.idloith Street, Terang. mav 10 iCm "t-n'c bl'ancIles of dentkirj',:'^' au a.m. till 5 p.m. * Big bargains at Montgomerv and? shaw s Half-yearly Grand Fair iV'Vj next 14 days. * t-U Y -\t Scott's Pictures in the Pub"^'^&lt; to-morrow night the eleventh ch• '1 "V1? -s sensational Shieldms - serial entitled "The Great "Sut "ill be screened. This fine ' triumph is now in its conchidmc 1 " and to-morrow night's instaliiwi , r'A '""i cl.eal'l"S "P nuich of the r • > •ittached to the elusive Shielding t u will be lonnd of deep and absorb, , *, ei est. i'lhs Sweetheart." ,-1 fii/,!,'., Iaramount feature -on the ' gramme, is a beautiful antl ens i drama of exceptional merit- and >1 ... dramatic excellence. Tin- U r- " witli emotion and presents som^'u' "tie character studies. A «[.' , h'.'.'P,' comic, scenic, and tupa , r v :lls0 l)e screened during the e\, ,j ; r,, A attended meeting oi iho I (lotting Club Committee was li Wednesday evening last, when tl ftjj oiamine for the annual trotting ir^ ^ to lie held 011 Saturdav. 2nd Maidf_'&lt; ' 'inanged. The programme dcci4t^'.&lt; was one for .£145 in stakes and weie to be the same as last u\il ,ng that the open hack rare has bti| "»t and a members' trotting race in.'l lh.p /nil.programme will be pubfell a later issue. I ionr ot the happiest reci'iiiis I e\er sworn in." declared Lie'.iteiiajiUJj'S L!Sg- after he had administcrei v.i oa.h ol service to four school clmm- • ^ | Xoorat. The lads—L. B. Applet-y?^ • McLeod. L. Patterson, and V. J,.i 4] iarrant—wlio ;,re all under 21, ■-tnool togetlier. and have remaiwl si> mates. "We schooled together, -if fefft 'J'0 ^'aiit to fijrht together." rcnEfl Appleton. They will enter the Hfe" ">en s Thousand on February 27 slf,; ,;r3r !,V'  HOW TO PREDICT WEATHER. LECTURE BY MR. WRAGGE. Mr. Clement Wragge, the well-known meteorologist and astronomer, deliveied the last of his series of lectures at the Masonic-hall last evening, and no previ- ous one was more highly instinctive and interesting. 'The hall was closely crowd- &nbsp; ed, and the audience showed very great appreciation of the facts, figures, and illustrations placed betfore them. Mr. Wragge described very completely and lucidly the connection of the sun and moon with the weather conditions of the earth, and how those conditions could be foretold, not only daily, but for years ahead, by the application of science. A screen snowing Mr. Wragge's prophesies for the seasons up till 1930 was exhibit- ed. They were as follow:-1914-15, im- proving; 1916-20, good seasons; 1921-22, falling off; 1923-24, bad drought; 1925-26, improving; 1927 30, good seasons. As his prophesies for the last ten years had proved correct, Mr. Wragge said that was all the more reason why people and Governments should prepare for the drought which, he was sorry to say, would be certain to occur in 1923-24. Forewarned was forearmed. (Loud ap- plause.) The moon had only a modified influence on the rainfall of the earth, exercised by its declination, but the sun was the real factor. The hydrogen flames-often 600,000 miles long-shooting off from the sun were the real index, and by studying them the scientific meteorologist could predict the weather and the seasons. Speaking of the old Mount Wellington Observatory, Mr. Wragge said that, by allowing it to be destroyed, the Government had lost the best meteorological site in the whole island, and they had built another ob- servatory on the lower slopes-he hated half measures. The same could be said of Kosciusko. That was the best station in the whole of Australia, and that had been neglected. Then, he had rarely felt so sore in all his life as he had when he heard that the fine instruments on the Queensland coast-verified to the thou- sandth part of an inch by the London Observatory-had been sold by auction by the Federal Government. The fore- casts from Macquarie Island should be published in the press every morning. Mr. Wragge then went on to speak of how a meteorologist foretold the weather -seas, wind, and rain-day by day. He had hundreds of stations all over Austra- lia and in New Zealand, Tasmania, New Caledonia, New Guinea, and the Philip- pine Islands, and every day he received telegrams from each station ' about the temperature and state of the weather. With his weather map of,Australia be- fore him he would trace lines-isobar - and connect the places of the same tem- perature all over Australia together. The lines formed generally circles or elipse, and the temperatures became lower and lower until what was called a low pres- sure area or cyclone was reached, where the winds moved round and round clock- wise. Consequently a place in the south of a low pressure area would have winds from the east, a place in the east would have northerly winds, and so on. So the meteoiologist was able to predict the winds. A low pleasure area really repre- sented a hollow in the atmosphere, and where the isobars ran close together the sides would be very steep; consequently &nbsp; the change in the temperature would be sudden and disturbing, and storms could be looked for. The cold air rising out of the low pressure areas dissolved the moist air of anti-cyclones, or high-pressure areas, and so when the meteorologist had completed drawing his isobars he, could note the proximity of low and high pres- sure areas. A high, pressure area, was one from which the temperature became &nbsp; &nbsp; lower the further the places were away, and so he could predict rain and floods. With reference to predicting winds round high pressures, the same applied as in the low pressure areas, only the winds swept round with an unti-cockwiso mo- tion. So predicting weather was not such a difficult thing as it seemed. A simple way of telling where high and low areas were was to stand with one's back to the wind, and if one was in the Southern Hemisphere the low pressure areas would be on the right-hand side and the high on the left. If the experiment was made in the Northern Hemisphere the reverse obtained. At the conclusion of his lecture, Mr. Wragge was accorded very warm ap- plause, and he showed a large number who remained later some of the wonders of radium. _  A Long*Dlstanoo Forooast. In lhc;:o days, wlien thoso once honored prophets of the weather — tho coins ami gouty limbs of our elders — have given place to scienti fic. forecast, the farming community, hangs with bated breath upon tho utterances of llie experts. Tho Auck land 'Star' recently - interviewed Mr. Clement Wragge, the one-time Queensland Government Meteorologist, and the foreteller of tlio disastrous Australian droughts —at his home at Tlirkpiihoad. Mr. W'rnggo willingly acquiesced when asked if lie uiould veil! lire a fore cast. 'I'lii- celebrated weather pro pliefl, liviM in intimate communion with' the weather portents. An odd looking barometer wns at, Ills elbPw, in his queer, workshoplike study: Milelvcs of. iimUMrological tomes lined the room. Outside was a box like structure which, to the unin itiated, might have been a : meat safe or a bird cage. It, wus, infnet, n miniature observatory, ill which cfockwrrrk and elcctrWalf instru ments registered the vagaries of tho atmosphere, to tell the state of tho temperature at a given time of nights. The meteorologist fetched a huge telescope, formidable as a ma chine gun, pointed it at, the slant ing rays of tlie sun, antl allowed a . bright half-crown of light from tho lens — the photograph of the sun — lo play on a. white bloating pinl. 'No sunspots and 110 rain just been expecting one just lately. It should appear . to-morrow or tho. . next day on the edge ? of tlio sun, nird whan it wcr'.s to tho centro . conditions will bo favorable : to ?' rain.' The prophet next gavo tho - barometer a prpfcssiolittl rap,' jot ted down a llguro, and dubiously said 'Umpli.' Producing a chart of the .Vusilralasian regions, ho wont oiitlside td.'tost the direction of tho wind. anil so find tho lay of the low atmospheric pressure region, and then commenced to rapidly draw vav'y 'isobars' 011 the chart. Mr. Wraggc litis ?computed fore casts for the .sc.isons of Australia' lip till 1980, and '' these, 'lie says, are applicable- to Ncul Zealand, with slight modifications, owing to physical- and 'geographical reasons. During 1914 and part of 101-5, lio soys, . tlio rainfall, taking Austral asia as a whole, will 'bo under tho average. This by 110 means, implies' that there will be 110 'rain. O11 the . contrary, ? gopd ? intervening rains will occur, and the last part of this period will- ?'.be better than .the first.. From the middle of 191C , outwards' tho rainfall will - markedly Increase,' and ;from' lO'lC to 1-920,- inclusive,: tlie seaspns . will bo distinctly good, : with ? abundant .precipitation. ' After' 1920- the. rainfall will begin ., to steadily fall off, : and -tlie , worst part of ? the next great ? 'under-aver- age' period -will be 1928 and 1924. Australians 'will bo justified - in' call- ing.-.that. a. drought. In 1020 mat ters will- begin . to intfproke, and good seasons -wilf prevail from 1926 to. 1930. .These ' forecasts, explained Jit'. Wra'gge,. aro 1 mainly bused on tho phj'sical. condition ..pf, , the .sun with respect' tp' its maxima 'and nvinihna inoodsl ''.moving-,;:in 'cycles .-; of . elsven years. Just.. .now 'jvc 'are,.nearirig the end- -of this ;splor r niinitnuire-pr ' tha -period: \vhen': the? ' fcarfui . cyclonic winds' arbund - the suiii ' of ? whicli -we .on earth 'liavo np cbnceptipn, were least violent'. The . maximum porioil w'oulil. coniinonc'c - at .tho end ') of 1915, and until then, although ho did, not expect the -seasons tp ..bo so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must not be anticipated. In tervening rains \ in. ' New. Ztealiind would give a heavier fall than in Australia. In the droughts ho ; pre- dicted, Nr-w Zealand would . not ?? suf fer. to the ' same ; extent -. as Aus tralia, owiing to' its climate being insular, whereas that of tho latter was continental.  NOTES ON CURRENT EVENTS. A, man was found , in the gutter the other day. A policeman came along and pulled him out, and seeing that he. was incapable of taking care of himself,-, took him into custody: , On the 'road . to the .lock-up the prisoner became violent, and exhibited some proficiency in the use of bad language of ' marked force and originality. At .the police court next day ho was fined 5/ for drunken ness, and £3 for the rest of Ms! efforts The prisoner then .thought -lt to enter a vigorous protest .against the action of his guardian angel and tho .police generally, somo of whom he suggested ought to be 'kicked out.' This .? attack upon the man - who had rescued . him. from what most people would . consider an uncomfortable position, is ? suggestive . pf , .ingratitude. NIt all depends, howev,er,.,on. the point of view. The jyi-isoner possibly; felt at home in the gutter, enjoyed V, its perfumes. . recalling 'Araby the, blest,';; ,,and .resented eviction from his ..natural habitat. There is no ^counting for tastes. .',',' ..'.. '..' - . -? ,'...-- At a recent meeting, of the Musicall and Literary Society .; one of the ; members sug- . gested that -the ^.Municipal,- Council ; should be invited to- subsidise the: annual festival, which usually, results in a: balance on the wrong side of the- ledger.:, lie pointed out that in the unearned increment of land within the municipality was' lying a veri table mine of wealth* which only needed opening up in order, to provide ample funds for all conceivable public purposes. If this gentleman is. right — if the municipal revenue can be increased indefinitely, from ? some mysterious source not hitherto known' to be avail-able— the sooner the supply is tap ped the better. What on earth .has the council been about in borrowing here there and everywhere? Why not pay cash for. everything? Ratepayers should insist upon this hoard being unearthed .and. turned;: to. : ?' practical account, .without a moments de- ' lay. We shall then hiaye^nQ need,,tp; bother; ;;; about the,- collection of rates; c.^ :'^^;'^.--;-:;^ '???????:?? -^ /-?*?:{,??[? ,1* ,*??'-. .-:.;.?. .?;^;-i.iv«:;-ut'-;f'-^ V . ^.Henty'Wewspa^e'r^'in'a^nolice p'f'^-a- ' ;' musical' entertainment; calls' attention rtp a nuisance that stands' saJdly in need 'of sup pression at other places, .as well vis at Henty, in the following Terii'arks:-^'I:fc- would be as well for pa trims of local. ' concerts to bear in mind that^when'an item is being render ed that doesn't altogether' suit their taste, others in the audience are probably enjoying it, and to restrain themselves from talking, or leaking undesirable remarks '?'distasteful to those around them.' To this very use ful advice I would like, to add jthat the same 'offenders would ' corifi-r a.boon upon the audience generally' 'if;1 when an item appeals especially to their passion' for '? buffo songs and nigger minstrelsyj 'they would! graciously refrain froin insisting upon more . than three encores of their; iayouritb num ber. ' 'E don't know where ' he ar;e' is doubtless a' most effective sand enthralling melody, but;to the average1 ^over of music its too frequent' repetition somewhat mars the 'symmetry ''? of iy -well-ballanced5 pro griammeV ?' : ' ' ' ?' : ':'? ???????;?.':?' ?????? ? \ ?#; ?' '??'??? '??'_?; ;: #'?,'? ;/ '?'??? :*;'' ^-' ; * ': - . . -: ,, In ...the'-, course of an address deliverecl last week in a Victorian '.town, Mr. (Jlemenfc Wragge entered an emphatic j/rptest againsb 'the:. selection of Yass-Panb.erra as a. :.- site for the federal capital, and pointed out that the money proposed' :to '? be spent in this direction could be devoted to ' much better purpose. He said that .true statesmanship . would be to spend the money intended for the Federal capital in . locking the rivers, especially the Murray and tributaries, con serving the water for irrigation purposes, instead of founding the Capital in such an absurd locality 'a's Yass-Canberra. llather, he said, 'should the capital be in' the snowy ranges, where the bracing atmosphere and a pure water supply ;wouki breed' a race of feritty statesmen.'. It is to be feared that the adoption of 'Mri' Wragge's altemative, if not actually involving 'a jump 'out of the fryingpan into the fire' \voiild be some thing nearly as bad; in the !way bf-Bceking refuge from the inclemency of the snow storm by taking up' oiie's' quarters on an iceberg: The' breeding of a race of 'gritty stateemen' is ho doubt a desirable1 objec tive, but it can hardly be necesaary to this end that our Parliamentarians should bo compelled to undergo a course of training for Ah tafctic exploration. . #'.''? '?'»''' » '?' ? ? :;?#??' ; ? -, '.;;? ,. One of the cardinal principles of unionism^ ^ is 'onq lnan one job,' and it is.' carefully . cherished jii .Labour circles. Yet strangely eripugh spnip ? of the leading lights of I/a-, boiir and .linioiu'sm set a very bad example, in the matter of. practising the cherished1, precept. This was pointed out a few daysi ?ago by Mr. O: W. Oakes. 'If,' he said,, 'a raihyay man has' a taste for.' music, and,, having, mastered' tho; fiddle,' is 'able to earn- three half crowns by playing in his spare : time, the union goes straight to the Kail way Commissioners. ' Or if a civil servant-, was to play an organ in a church ior which, he was paid £50 pot annum, you would1, find a deputation to the Minister for his: particular department.' The speaker went, on to show that tho Federal Attorney General, whilst drawing his salary as; I|i3iliriister, occasionally practises' as a barri ster,- and does literary: workr besides;- whilst '?Mr. A. .Griffith is doing well in. a !anancial agency commission business. Whether Mr. :.Oakes is right or wrong concerning the - .members of Parliament referred to, he is ceVtainly not far from the truth when he protests against the jealousy that prompts an underhand vittacki upon a man who tries in an honest fashion to supplement in -'??. Ins own time a- possibly hot loo liberal salary or wage. There have been instances ? of /this kind in Albury— -a city which should ; be the exemplar of all that is desirable, ? rather than ah example of anything that is ^unworthy. ?????'? ''??????'? ? :-; ???' '?? '??????'-??. -' Sir James Graham, a former riiayoi'— 1 ; begipardori, 'Lord May of '—of Sydney and jitBtinow1 a candidate for a seat in the Legis . ;lative; Assenlbly, has established a claim a$o*the support of the electors Which has iribii I think, been preferred by any other 'eandidkte;' For a long time past there has been si1 conflict of opinion as to the precise meaning' of the word, 'wowser.' It is not to be found in any standard dictionary; it is not' yet1 authoritatively included in any recognised slang vocabulary. . Some people ^regard it 'as the equivalent of 'teetotaller;' /'others.' contend that it means only a man imbued with strong religious convictions—: I have riot heard of female wowsers. It is generally looked upon as a terms of dis : paragement specially applicable to anybody ^manifesting a- puritanical tendency; but .so far the precise meaning has not been ; absolutely defined. Sir James at this junc ture comes to the rescue. He declares that i'lA wowser is a self-righteous humbug,' his conception of the character being probably a kind of cross between a Ghadband and a Stiggins, with perhaps a dash of the Peck sniff ; strain dropped in to strengthen the .type. The country is indebted to Sir James for. his little philological effort, but it was oingerierous to supplement his scholarly de r-;iiriition .by the nasty remark 'There are as many . (wowsers) in the Trades Hall as in the Liberal ranks/' .-'? There is really no necessity for the introduction of political animus into a purely scientific speculation. . : }--\ ' *.-:'?'?? ?'-*??' -N ? ???* ??.,«''??? * ? ? ; ^?' Certain allegations that have been made, concerning- the methods adopted . in some , cheap restaurants go to ' show that ^ the .principles1 of economy are pretty closely ?odbserved in the hash-houses of the City of the Beautiful Harbour. Even Sydney, how-.; ever,', haa something to learn, from West Australia.' A recent -telegram from Perth, ??' affords 'in illustration, of' thrif tiness raised to:!t.He level of 'Ane art. The facts were dis;.,, v closed through a little ..fracas -between a '^waitress and a cook— how often the most -valuable discoveries are the result of .some apparelty insignificant fortuitous happen-, ??'ingl'/, /.'The .waitress had toasted a muffin ^find .prQceeded to take some butter from* 'i the. ice chest. The cook prevented her, she Jait the cook over the nose, and he replied; ^witlva'table knife cutting a little gash -in, ?fier; wrist. This form of rejoinder being, illegal, , ihe cook was summoned to the police court when the -facts came out. .-It - Beems that in this restaurant the rule is - that if -the waitress want3 butter she must ask the pantryman, but this girl had a: fanciful objection to the .pantryman's me-: thods. 'His practice was to scrape off the;, butter remaining on customers' plates with' his fingers., The butter so; obtained was then neatly rolled up and became available ^ for the waitresses and the customers. The waitress, evidently: a pernickety young wo - man,.: turned up r:h|r hose at the butter so obtained, hence the. row and the interesting aiaclbsure. Australians have been charac terised by some of our' critics as unthrifty vpeople^ but the keeper of the Perth restau rant, his Trdhscientious cook, and his in tensely: economical pantryman are striking ; 'jexanipies of the falsity of this allegation. ? The practice of tinkering with the tariff is apparently unending and just now trade ? jri.;cie'r,ta-in articles , of large consumption .Beenis; to ,be almost paralysed. The comp, trbller^Genei-al of Customs and his large /?^BtaffiAr^'at'^i9 moment working night and ?day in, i order to arrive at a satisfactoi-y deciBio^aa to the proper duties to be levied 7on dolls (dressed arid undressed) teddy bars;. ; jelephanta and golliwogs. , No final conclusion has even been arrived; at . in con nection. with the important items of Bun-. ? 'kens and' plush eskimos. There seems to have been an immense number of conflict-, irig decrees on these grave ., questions, and the whole staff of the Sydney office is .in. ? despair- in their wild efforts to reconcile *the orders. To make - confusion ? ? worse , confounded , the following telegram reached Sydney a few days ago:— 'Teddy bears, and 'elephants, clogs, etc, made in the style of teddy bears, dressed or undressed, item 326, as , toys (vide wire 14th inst). 'This cancels decision re elephant dolls m F 10/422 of 2/9/10. The reference to teddy bears in the following decisions (which might be read as implying that teddy bears 'undressed' come within , item ???? 327) , ia to be deleted :— Dolls, plush, 1- . 09/618, Supplement 4, page 3. Dolls, billiken, F. 10/347, Supplement 14, page 5. D6lls, plush Eskimo, T. 10/421, Supplement 17, page 4.' It is really high time that tins dreadful condition, of uncertainty was re moved. I hold no brief for teddy bears or gollywogs. I am not deeply concerned in billikens, but if they constitute staple articles of ' commerce, the proper import duty should be settled once for all to the end tfuit the 'commerce of tl\e nation may go on all right. As. for 'plush eskimos,' if the Influx ?; of Aliens '? Restriction - Act : d&n't make clear the ^course, to be, adopted regarding these immigrants, then I want to know what the Influx of Aliens Restriction Act is for. ' -? ?'??-?'? '??/?? ??????? ????- LIPPON DAIRH. ' ' .The Riyer.-^-The Murray at Albury yes iterday was 6ft. r4in. above summer level. ?'['Labor. Candidates.— Among .the candi dates nominated in the interests of Labor the following vocations are represented : — -Barrister-afcLaw, ;solicitor, grazier ^ man ufacturer, clergyman, . managing, director, land agent, patent attorney j auctioneer, newspaper proprietor contractor, commis sion agent, librarian, master coach builder j master tanner, chemist, factory manager, commercial traveller, teacher, clerk, ac countant. ? . Election Meetings . —Mr. M'Laiurin has held successful meetings on the Upper Murray, arid Mr. Ball has also been well received at various centres in the Corowa eleeto.ra.te. Mr. J. Grant, tho selected Labor candidate for Oorow a, and Mr. B. C. Loyd, the selected Labor candidate, for Albury, addressed a joint meeting of elec tors from Corowa and Albury at Culcairn on ^Tuesday, the 26th inst. Mr. J. D. S. Smith presided, and a large number of electors, including a, number of ladies, were present. ? ,,:,- .,-. -.. . Got Him.-r-A pick-pocket was smartly arrested by. an Albury constable : at the Hsnty Show. He wa6 an elderly pick pocket, and lie was 'an industrious one, as the constable recognised after a couple of 'hours' observation. He tried halfa dozen pockets before ho 'dived,' and the policeman caught him in the act. The pocket which the thief tried to operate iipori contained a purse and a pocket knife. ? The constable, who was in dis guise, brought his man to' the Henty lockup, and he will duly; appear before the court.-.. ' . :- ''''.;. ;.':f ,t .'. ..;'„'. . . ' .'. Publication Received.— Wehave received from -the Lands Department' a . pamphlet gi virigrJa summary of the -provision s of the - Closer-Settlement Promotion Act,-l&10, and regulations for the, information of those who may be desirous of securing land there under. The pamphlet sets out fully and clearly the procedure necessary to bring lands;..under the 'Act, the conditions trader .which*' the lands are valued, the; advance of ? purchase money, obtained, and the provision as to ''repayment', etc. Copies of the .jjamphlet can bo obtained- at the Informa tion Bureau, Department of Lands, and at ^all country offices. ..,..,... Wo License and Hops.— An inter jpctor. at. Mr. Judkins' meeting, on. Tuesday night ap peared to be greatly concerned about the ':£2J:e of the; hon-pickers lindei' no license. ' 'What will they do ?'he asked. Mr. Jud kinSjlike a. certain historical character, paused for a reply. 'They nan. pick straw berries!' put in another voice. 'Are you 'in favor of making cigarettes from hop ' leaves ?' v was another'. -' 'question' put _ to the speaker. There was laughter, which -was not diminished when Mr. Judkins as sured the questioner that if he wanted a drink when no license came into force he ?would have to 'hop' to another district. : ? The Licensing Law. — At the Albury Police Court on Monday, before Mr. H.F. Itoberts, P:M., James Day and Frederick ;;Trumble were each fined 10/ and 6/ costs %n a chargevof having been found on the licensed premises of the Court House Hotel: Huring prohibited hours on September 18. ??'A. similar charge agst Alfred Ashby was: ^dismissed. Major Wilkinson appeared for the defendants in each case. In Ashby' s' case it was proved that defendant was out for a drive with one of the bolirders at tho hotel,- arid simply passed from the yard to tho front of the premises out on to the street, where he was' met by Constable. Leaver, who' laid the information. The P.M. was satisfied with the explanation. The No-License Agitation. — A very well attended meeting was held on Tuesday evening at the Mechanics' Institute in the interests, of the 'No License' movement. Mr. If. B. Munro occupied the chair, and with him on the platform were Rev. J. Ren toul, Mr. Judkins, Mr. Tandy, and others, with some ladies. There was also a large gathering, of ladies in the a\idience. The principal speaker was Mr. Judkins, who delivered, a forcible address, mmctuated at frequent intervals by interjections from the audience. No new ground was opened up by the speaker, who, however, made the most of the stock .arguments, and strongly urged the electors to vote 'No License.' At the close of his address Mr. Judkins was accorded a vote of thanks on the motion of the Rev. J. B., Rentoul. Wedding. — An interesting wedding was solemnised at St. Matthew's Church of England, Albury, on Tuesday, the con tracting parties being Cooper Cooper, of Gundagai (lata of Albury), and Miss. Fan- ny Coxwell Hoysted Forstcr, second d'aughter of Mr. J. C. Forster, of AUmry. Tlie Rev. Canon Bevan officiated. The bridesmaid was Miss T. Haystcd, and Mr. C. F. Cooper (brother of the bridegroom) was best man. Tlio ceiremony was witness ed by a largo congregation, the parties being popular in Albury. Miss Butcher officiated .it tho organ. There was a large- :' ca.theriri.se of friends at St. Mat thew's Hall and at' tho residence of the bride's parents in the evenino: in celebra tion of the happy event. The presents wero. numerous and valuable. The Electoral Law. — At the Albury Police Court on Monday, before Mr. H. F. Ro berts, P;M., James Joseph Mcade was charged with that he 'did unlawfully wit ness a certain claim made under part 3 of the Parliamentary Elections Act 1906 by one John Patrick 'Grant, and directed by section 26 of the said Act to be witnessed, without satisfying himself by inquiry from the said claimant that the statements con tained in the said claim were true.' De fendant pleaded . not guilty. Seniorcon stable Kersley gave evidence, as to having made inquiries in the case. He had been unable to find Grant. Defendant said Grunt was away shearing, and would be back in a fortnight or so. He would ask for an adjournment to enable him to call Grant as a Avitness-. The police offered no objection arid 'the adjournment was granted. 1 'ISfow .tliut; Spring .is': Here.'— The Al bury ?'?? cLs trict^is 'Jo-j-kingi' at : its- best just ?tit-pros'eU^o.&HiKtojto'ivhi itself; is-really beaii ;tif uly ?- :as .;t|re: j sweatj^rees; axe^putting ;on , ?the.ii ,., cpvfer j x\ g .of i; .bright;, , leaves,- and . the garden flmTOrs.'ar6?-m boe'ti a ' ;^-c-iidGr f ul^^ojyrth'^in'- ^ ithQ^crops' and pastures^ 'arid'-sfecfc .¥re'-f;hfealtliy; and ; in siplendid iconditaSnd+m^iewMs^irom: the train ,:,tirav6llliig,;rf^bet4y^n\(-:.;A!bu_ry_ : and Henty , . the country ,_. looksi '', Y&TJ:. pictures que and fertile. \ 'An ?.American visitor who passed ' through ' : A'lbury ; ;bn Wednes day remarked that .he-;had. seen a lot of Australia/ but) .regarded Riverina , as the best part of it, taken all; round. 'I can't guess,' he said, 'what . principle you peo ple have adopted in selecting your Federal Capital.' He is: not the only 'one whsf 'can't guees.' ?. .:?? ?:?:]'? ,.;;.-? i;- ??-.; :; A Generous Gift.— The Minister ior Public Instruction (Mr- Hogue) on Friday received notice of the: offer, of Mrs. . Fal kine-r, of Deniliquin, of £2,500 to provide a University scholarship,, .tenable for four years, for pupils of the. Hay District School. He hais decided to add a depart mental scholarship to it. The . gift is to be known as 'The F. S. Falkiner. Scholar ship.' It is expected that it will be worth from £80 to £90 a year. _ Mr. _ Hogue said that the effect of this patriotic act on the part of Mrs. Falkiner would: do much to encourage higher education in the Riverina, and it would become neces sary to organise the Hay District School as a high school', so that pupils through out the- Riverina might find within their district a secondary school that , would carry them to the doors of the University. Organisation of Farm Labor.— A _ report from Melbourne states that application has been made for the., registration of the Rural Workers' Union 'of Australia as an organisation under the Commonwealth Conciliation and' Arbitration Act. The union consists of farm hands, employees in agricultural, horticultural, viticultural fruit-growing, market gardening and dairy ing industries.; Emploves in these indus tries were specially excluded from tho pro visions of the 1904 Actj but recent amend ments to the Act allow of all but _farm hands being included. The union will be conducted on the lines of the ' Shearers' Union, and will be one of the largest in' Australia. It is estimated that the mem bership will exceed 10.000 within the next few months! The application1 will be in the office for 30 dnys, and. if no objection to registration is lodgecl the application will be granted... ? ..,-.... Court Riverina, .A. O.F. — A' presentation : of ; lpng-seryice medails to members who have attained their 25 years' membership with Court RiveririPV No. 4842, Ancient Order ? of ? Foresters, : took place in the M.U. Hall, ;, Albury,. on Monday night, af ter the regular business of the quarterly meeting of the court. Past Chief Ranger and Secretary Bro. Wm. Jackson presided, \n the abserico of C.R. Bro. C. LobBo. Nine .medals were to have been presented, but only four recipients put in an appear ance, four being absent through sickness. Bro. Jackson presented the medals, the recipients being Bro.- J. Crisp. Bro. C. F. Monk, Bro. C. Godde, and P.C.R. Bro. W Miles Representatives were present from the M.U./I.O.O.F., I.O.R.. P.A.F.S. and Loyal Murray Lodge, I.OiO.F. Af-. ter the presentations, a toast list was gone through, and a musical programme ren dered Those not present who. were entitl ed to inodals are: — Bros. A., A. Jones, R.; Oeilvie. H. Ritchie, P. Wilkinson^ and J F. Gocdland. ; -:.:;:-?-, - ^ ; -; The Weather.— The ' past fiew days h'ave: been cold and windy in Albury.; On Mon day the conditions indicated- 'rain -.and a: light showcir iell, but. .not. sufficient to af fect the rain gauge at tho p-^t offic-y On Tuesday 1.3 points fell, and on Wednesday ; 15 points weax- registered. Up to yeste|r-i day the iotal fall for the month was 350 points, raui having fallen on eight dif-; ferent days. Last .year the registration for +he 'month of September was 155 points, and in 1908 it was 353 points. For tho nine months of the present year just, completed the total registration has been 1759 Txrints, as against 2408 points for the same 'period la.pt year, and 1858 points in 1908. With. fchraiV months of the present year still to go, it is not likely that the year's total will bo very much below the average for the district'. The. latest offi cial forecasts are as follows: — 'Wew South Wales.— Thunderstorms _ in the cxtromo north-east, and more rain over the south eastern quarter, temporarily fine- in other parts, but rain To-turning to nil constnl nnd hipliland d'stricts wlion cyclone moves eastwards. Victoria.— Gn.i^s and rain ovov east, south, mid eeiitral distvicts ; fine in tho north-west.' Obituary.- — Th^ d^ath occurred nt the Wcolslied, near Beo^ln'-orth, on Friday, of Mrs. Tiaooy, wife of Mr. James Lacey. of t-bat district. For the past two vears Mrs. Lncoy had boon in indifferent health due to heart trouble. Latterly her K-si- tion, became very serious, and pneumonia supervened. The deceased 'lady was about 40 years of age, and resided for lome years in Albury. She was formerly a, Miss , Barry, and her mother, who was a very aged woman, is still living at the Wool-, shed. The late Mrs. Lacey was a sister of Mrs. Evelyn. Arthur, of Albury She , ' leaves a husband but no family. — The 'Argus' reports :— Thefriends in;y. Mel- bourne of Mr. Michael Thomas werV great lp shocked to hear of his sudden death on Monday. Mr. Thomas had complained of pain the night before, but had gone to the city as usual. On returning for lunch a porter at Sandringham noticed that he was ill, and helped him out of the carriage. Assistance was at hand imme diately, but in a few minutes he died. Mr. Thomas was welll known in Bendigo, in religious, business, and mining circles; and at Sandringham, where he had lived for 20 years, he was very popular.' ...Mr. Thomas was an uncle of Alderman Thomas of Albury. A Victim of prink.— At the Alburr Police Court on Saturday morning, May F;arrell, 42, who was before the court recently on charges of drunkenness and using indecent language, was again presented on similar charges. Constable Nesbit proved the of fences. Sergeant Blackburne proposed to deal with the woman under the Inebriates Act. He called John M'Kenzie, gaoler at Albury, who produced records of convic tions for drunkenness against tho accused in Sydney. She had' been . convicted 69 times during the last 10 years ; two of those convictions were within, the last three months. Accused was the holder '. of a license under the Inebriates' Act. She was released under that license on. the, 1st No vember last year, and was still bound by the conditions of the license. Accused gave evidence. She said, she was a single wo man, and pleaded guilty to the charge of drunkenness. If she used the languago.sho did hot remember it. She had come to Al bury and got a situation here. After hear ing accused's evidence, the P.M. said he hardly knew what to do with a woman like her. 'Why don't you give up tho drink?' he asked. Accused said she had tried very hard, but had had a. lot of trouble. * She said she had been working, and had not been drinking much lately. She pleaded for another chance. The P.M. decided to deal with accused under the Inebriates Act, and ordered her to be placed in, the institu tion at Long Bay for six months. A Crowded Train. — The arrangements in connection with the conveyance of pas sengers from Albury and intermediate ' stations to Henty on Wednesday ? were about as unsatisf actory as . . could well; be imagined. When the 9 a.m. , goods train left Albury it was well filled, and by the time that Tabletop, Ettamogah, Gerogery, and Culcairn' had been passed it was 'ab- solutely packed. The journey from Al bury occupied about three hours, and it was anything but. a . pleasant one. On the return journey .matters were even worse, if possible. The train was timed to leave about 8 p.m., but long before that hour the crowd took up positions on the platform : | with a . view' to securing seats. When the train steamed in there was a wild scramble for the carriages, but there were not enough seats to go round, and. many indignant voices were lifted in protest. 'Some blamed the Railway De partment, and others the Henty Show committee. 'They'll never get me at a Henty Show again as long as I live,' said one well-known district resident on the Henty platform. When reminded that . It may not be altogether right, to blame the Henty people for the bungling of the Railway Department, the well-known re sident talked fight. . 'Blame them/' he said, 'what are you talking about! My wife and children are down there in a wretched van-, and I've got to try and climb in somehow. Blame ? ' ' And this man wasn't tho only infuriated pas senger. The whole business was, typicaLof the wrotched methods in vogue in,, our railway management. No effort wrts made, so far as could be seenj to cope with the unusual crush of traffic.1 Whe ther or not the Henty committee were to blame in the matter, the writer cannot 6ay. Possibly they did not write to. he Department — perhaps they should have run a special train — but iii any case the Department .. must have ? known that there would be a: r: big crowd, and should have, made 'reasonable provision for ? its accommodation, especi ally on the return journey: It seems' ^use- less to' hope for an improvement, -as this port of thing, in one shape or: another, has been occurring for years past. Just what that something is which ought to bo done* is a problem for someone not con nected with- the Railway Commissioner's staff to workout. , . ;,.;,,. ?Protecting the Wage-earners.-— The first prosecutions in. Albury under the. Industrial Acts of New South. Wales, were 'dealt with - at the police court on 'Tuesday/ wb'fn Ad.i Brings, proprietress of drapery and dress making establishment in Dean-street, was prosecuted on . five different, informations laid by Walter I. Taylor, Senior Inspector of Factorier l:i Now South Wnlbs. Tho first case -.was laid under the Shops :and Factories Act, and set forth that defendant had neglected to register her premises as required by tho Act. In the' four o+her oases defendant was charged with neglect ing to pay not less than sixuence tea money to four of her employes who worked over time. Mr. Wilkinson appeared for de fendant. After a- consultation, it was ar rangprl that defendant should plead guilty to neglecting to register her premises, and ' - also to one of. tho other charges,, and tho Inspector agreed to withdraw the . other three charges. Mr. Taylor explained that the Act had come into operation in Albury in November last. In March last ho bad visited the town and explained to local em ployers what was required of them. In this case it was found necessary to prose cute, but the department did not press for a heavy penally, seeing that it was the first prosecution here. It was desired that the prosecution should be taken as a warning to employers in the whole district. The Act was designed £oi\ the nroteotion of the employes, and the object was to discourago overtime as much as possible. At the re quest of Mr. Wilkinson, defendant was al lowed to make a personal statement to the court. She complained that she -had been picked out- whilst others had been allow ed to pay up back money and were not brought into court. It was not fair. Mr. Wilkinson urged that a nominal penalty would meet the case. The; P.M., in reply to defendant's statement, .said that a start had to be made, with someone.' If' others offended they would no ?' doubt be prose cuted. In view of what Inspector Taylor had; said,- he imposed a fine of 1/ and. 6/ costs in each of the two cases.. Mr. Taylor said. ; the department would be satisfied with' a nominal fine in this instance, but it must not be taken as a precedent in future. The Fire Brigade. — On Wednesday evening at too Council meeting the fol lowing letter was read from the Board of Fifd Commissioners : — ' 'Referring to your letter of July 12, and vour reminder of the 21st inst. (Nos. 935 'and 43/10 le Spectively), inquiring (1) whether the esti matea expenditure of the Board of Fire Commissioners of New South Wales of £513 in the Albury Fire District, for the current year, includes the building of a Hew fire station; and (2), if not, how the expenditure is arrived at : I have the lionor, by direction of the president of the board to reply : — (1) The work of reorgani sation, supplying brigade deficiencies, tak . ing over assets and liabilities, and general detail, which the board lias had to under take practically throughout the State, lias been so great that it has been found to be impossible fol* the board to enter upon the matter of building this year, in any districts That has had~*to be deferred, and no 'doubt the council will be communicat ed with'1 when any proposal for building a suitable fire station in Albury is being considered. (2) The estimates of the board for the first year of the on-eration of the Fire Brigades Act 1909 were neces sarily largely tentative, there being no full year's experience for guidance. The cost of necessary fire brigade maintenance in certain places was, however, known, and the populations and property valuations of all the centres of population. These were the chief guides, and in striking its estim ates the board took these into considera tion. It is now apparent that for some districts, owing to different conditions, the estimates were below what was actu ally required ; but for some — notably for Albury — it would seem that the expendi ture probably will not reach the estimate and that Albury will have a credit bal ance to'- carry forward the next year. Every year adjustments will, of course, be made. Where the expenditure has ex ceeded the estimate in any year the debit must be maae good in the following year by the fire district affected, and the con tribution of the council be increased by. sufficient to provide one-third of the defi ciency; and, vice versa, wnere the estim ate be more than the expenditure (-as seems probable in the case of Albury), a corresponding reduction in the succeeding . year would occur. In any district, the Government, and the Fire Insurance Com panies, have «.ach to contribute as much as the council; and the whole. Ipfs admin istration cost, must be expended by the ? board oh the district, which therefore re ceives the benefit of practically three times the council's contribution. I have to atwlogise for the delay in replying, which, was due to such a multitude of mat ters from all parts of the State, in the new conditions calling for immediate at , tention, that it was impossible to deal with all as promptly as desirable, and as I- trust. this office will be able to do when ? things settle down into a more regular routine.'— -The letter was received.  Northern Meteorological Station. (By Telegraph). CAIRNS, January 23. The Chamber of Commerce this af ternoon discussed the establishment of a meteorological station. Mr. Donald son produced a letter from Mr. Cle ment Wragge to Captain Irvine. Men tion was made of what had been done in Townaville, and general approval was expressed at the action, and the locality was agreed to after considera tion. Mr. Warner said the object was to have the station erected. It was thought by some members that a com munication would have been received from Townsville. Mr. Donadson suggested asking the Mayor to write to Townsville, asking what had .been done, as co-operation between both towns was a necessity. He outlined the proposal of Captain Irvine to raise money by public sub scription in Southern centres of population, as well as throughout the North, and also asking shipping com panies to co-operate. The Chamber should ask Townsville to forward par ticulars and information by the ear liest mall, or perhaps by telegram. This suggestion was agreed to. A motion was carried to ask the Mayor to convene a public meeting as soon as advice was received from Townsville. At a public meeting in Townsville on Thursday to consider the establish ment of a meteorological station for the North during the cyclonic season. The Federal Government's refusal to take action was condemned, and it was decided to put in hand a scheme for a private station for the North. Mr. H. B. Marks was appointed sec retary, and a committee formed con sisting of the Mayor, Ald. R. W. Mc Clelland, and Messrs. C. Short, L. C. Woolrych, E. Aldons, G. H. Moore, and J. Donaldson. It was suggested that the shipping companies, Marine Insurance companies, coastal local Authorities, and the Yongala Relief Fund be asked to contribute. Mr. Clement Wragge had forwarded de tails of a scheme, and it was decided to cable him In New Zealand, ask ing him if he would accept certain terms offered. It is understood the trustees of the Yongala Relief Fund, have, consented to contribute £100, provided the balance required, about £325, was raised. Free land tele grams will be asked for from the Federal Government. It bals been decided to erect a hos pital at Ayr, tbe building and equip ment to cost abbttt £2500. £200 bas been cWlectid, of. Milch the. efforts of the ladles wire Mspbnslble for £178, and further promises represent £60. "Mr. A. E. Deab has been sp pnlnted Secretary at a salary of £100 per annum, .a cbtnmlttee appointed.' wlille.the appointment of a ladles' was left in the hands of, the ladles.' v . ' j  WEATHER FORECASTING. -- - EXPERTS SOEPTICAL OF 'MI WRAGGE. MIr Clement .ragge has joined issue with the Commonwealth meteorologist (Mr H. A. llunt) again, this. time with regard to theirecentcyclone which played such havoc on the north-west coast of the countinent, and proved so disastrous to shipping. Mr C regio says that if the Queensland Weather lBurean, of which lie was, prior to Federation, the chief, was still in existence, and forecasts were issued from Brisbane instead of from Melbourne, as at present, three days' warnilng at least couhl lhave been given of the cyclone oa the other side of the continellt. The divisional officer for NSew South \Vales (Mr Wilson), of the Comnmon wealth Bureau, told a reporter in Sydney that, like Ihis chief, Mr Hunt, hie did not wish to enter into a controversy with ,Mr Wragge, but the. latter was certainly tnalking at random. sr Wragge would have been In the esame fix if hie hadl re ceived ino data through telegraphic inteiruptioila. Along tile coast line Condn, Cpesaek, Ntullnyine, Onslow, Winning Palt, Careavou, tiamelin Pool, Geraldton, and -Perth were each equipped with a mercurial barometer, rain gauge, inax imum, minimum, dry end' wet tllermometer, and aneroid bhromleter. "Careful reading of the elierofl Ibaroeter alonlo would show," said Mr Wilaon, " that the storm was coming, niid allow of warning being given locally.  General News. It Bbould not be very lone now before our telephone system is in full swing. Fred Connau^hton, Bill Marley and others have gone for a trip to Colombo Most of the firemen arrived back in Meekatbarra by Wednesday night's tram The Rev. Green should arrive this week and preach his first sermou here buBGay, » A .TA e °i smaIJ -Po* was reported on board the Malwa when she arrived from Colombo last week. The Road Board has ommeaced clear ing all the stones snd bushes oft the ton TJ are situated. »P as far as bouse? " ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ &lt; Notice is given in our advertising col- SaSSt ° U M ° ndaya Wednesdays and Following are results of the AW A the month:-Be^eip'ts, ; expenditure, JE68 18s Hd • net proceeds, £205 9s«2d. * b * ' Edward Payne, the well fenowh pros pector of Paynesville, and well known on the Murchison died in Geraldtdn hospital an April-7, two days after admission. Ia our advertising 6olumns the A.W.A committee tl&uk she stall-holders, assistants donors of goods and money, and fell who assisted in any way to make the baxaar so successful. &lt;f l M . r Cement Wragge writing tb the ct / , w s 8t ? ted that if -the Central Weather bureau had tieeh in existence at Brisbane, three days Earning at least would have been given of the recent cyclone off the North West coast At Mount UMagddt on eveming last the Rev A. J. and Mrs. Witbins (at one time residebtS at the Greenough), w£re ebtertained at asocial, at which Mr Wilkins was presented with a cheque for £80, the hope fceing expressed thai he Would long remuto at Magnet. Miss Ada Ward made an interestingan Qooucement m an address giveb by her to a large gathering of people, " Bhe stated,that she intended to throw iip the evangelistic work in which she had* been engaged fdr the past ten years and rettirn to her stage, the scede of tiiany triumphs fdr her. * r . The Bitnddfy Times scheifce'of gathering in £900 to Bend young ©anetan, who was recently refused permission tb sit for the Rhodes Scholarship, to Oxftfrd is ripidly attaioing fulfilment. £"7l0 odd has been subscribed already so w» Should soon hear 6f this brilliant young scholar being on his wky to the Old Dart. Until recently Meekafiiarra had reputation of being Entirely devoid Of members of the colored rice' and foreign nationalities. At present we have a number of Britishers, Who advocate a " White Australia,'." patronising the colored laundry, whilst we h£ve dozens of i&undries run by proficient 'country Women of our own. . . Accomodation in Geraldtbh was very scarce during Easter, &nd as a con sequence local botelkeepert weren't to6 amiable to fresh visitors'. Several Mur- chisonit&s recently arrived from Perth about font o'clock one Sunday morning and sought accomodation with all. the usual freedom of goldfieldites, but with Ao success. They couldn't even wake the dogs of the hoosels around, and. at last were obliged to gb back t6 the railway carriages -aod wait ufttil the hotels opened Several fogies were also on board the same train and wer6 also forced into the same predicartent. The r&ilWay .official3 declare that thiB is quite a common procedure and it &ust be One that Geraldton with its boasts of increased prosperity, must be quite proud of. On Thursday niaht last fa the A.W.A. Hall, the third A.W.A. picture entertain ment was held tor which the, usual fair crowd showed up. Theprbgiram^e ^R ^ good : one. The Show opened with "The Steel Town," a series &lt;>$ views Comprising a survey Of one of the chief German oentres. and snowing the tiiany marvels of steel it cdntafos. "The Riser's iHeart," an exciting drama showing how an old ttiiser forms 'a deep attachment for a tiny girl. Brfr^lars fry to induce him to reveal the combination of his safe and suspend the little bne froob the window threatening to drop her.. She is 'rescued just as the old man gives in. The Gay Lord Dude," n very funny picture explaining bow Da'sie earned a nice bath in a middy pool. n Magic Art," shows the Uncanny' effects --aused by the invisible Manipulation of clay. "Loves Victory," powerful drama in which a girl rons away with her lover, and is married on a dying railway trolly "A Horse of the Regiment." a splendid comic, "Salt WorKng in Sicily,** an interesting industrial subject, The Land Thieves," shows how an emigrant seeking a home, is warned off by laud thieves. He defys them and falls their victim. Help arrive"! from forest rangers The Little Fire Chief." a drama in which a little boy brings about the meeting of his sister with a fireman -who quickly makes chnms with the young lady, and everything proceeds satisfactorily-' "Heroes Tbre*," a delightful comedy in which .three ..young society men start an amateur firebrigade. They get a call, and reach-tho fire when it has i burnt itself out. The same programme Will be repeated bn.Mond^y.Jiigfctt - " h i w o  LOCAL AND GENERAL Forecast. — The cyclonic storm on tho North Coast shpuld result in more heavy rains, with gales and ro ugh seas along the coast; further rains over the greater part of tho north-western half of the State. Assault Case. — A rather serious as sault case is reported from tho Lo wer Manning. A man was brought to Taree on Saturday, and made sta tements which may bo heard of In the police court shortly. Chief Secretary. — Mr. F. Flowers* M.L.C., Chief Seerotary, was expec ted to arrive in Taree by train on Tuesday, on his way north. A de putation from the M.R.D. Hospital Committee will wait on him with a request for a special grant. They will also ...-'refer.- to the urgent neces sity for erecting a refractory ward at the Hospital— the want of such a conyeriionee having been 'disagreeably demonstrated on several occasions la tely. : Death of a Navvy. — A navvy was found dead at tho Lansdowne on Mon day morning. Ho had been working with Legg's gang on the railway lino. An inquest was held on Monday after noon, when the Coroner found that death was duo to heart failure. The ,Malanbar. — The stcainor Mai anbar, rrom Sydnoy to the Manning arrived at the Manning Heads . on Sunday morning, but was not able to cross in becauso of the heavy sea running. A galo blew up dur ing Sunday, and made matters worse. The steamer had a look at the bar on Monday forenoon; but no attempt was made to come in. She then went south, no doubt in search of a friendly sheltered nook in which to take refuge from tho angry waters uid wild winds, . f ts i« Wingham City Bank.— Mr. H. G. L. Moore, manager of the City Bank at Wingham, has accepted the man agership of the branch of the Bank at Guyra. The date of Mr. Moore's departure has not been definitely sta ted. It is said that Mr. Lewis, from Newcastle, will succeed Mr. Moore.' Mr. Thomson's Campaign. — Mr. John Thomson, M.H.R., for Cowper, opened his campaign at Kimbriki on Friday night, where he had a very hearty reception. The heavy rain that commenced on Saturday morning interfered with the attendances at his meetings early in this week; but the people know what to do without hearing the candidate. Mr. Thom son lias very quietly,- but very thor oughly, won the confidence of the people of his big electorate, and his campaign will take more the . form of a triumphal march than » keenly contested election. y V \ Baby Bonus.— Speaking at the 'Id- lers' social on Friday night, the act Ing c.p.s. at Taree ,Mr. Bonthorno, said he had Issued more baby bonus forms at Taree than at any other of fice where ho was engaged. Maltlaha Show. — The Maitland Show was not so successful as that of last year ,and showed an all-rouiul falling off— at least, that is what some of the Manning visitors say. The gate receipts wore about £50 below those of last year. Mr. E. J. Gill, of Du maresque Island, was one of the jud ges in heavy draught stocks, and his decisions gave general satisfaction. Football. — The meeting of the dele gates to tho Football Union, set down for Saturday night last, at Taree, lap sed because of Bmall attendance, but owing to weather conditions none waB expected. Another meeting iB cal led for Saturday weefc, at 8 p.m., in tho School of Arts, Taree. ? --.J isLjESSt:JE|lS-J .-'&&» '? Wingham Football Club.— The an nual meeting of tho Wingham Fool ball Club was held at CNeill's Hotel, Wingham, on Thursday night last. Tho balance sheet showed a credit of £10 7s 3d. The following olli ccrs were elected: — Patron, Mr. W. Fotheringham; president, Mr. J. Skinner; vice presidents, same as last year, with the addition of Mr. E. Cross; secretary and treasurer, Mr. T. Gollan; delegates to union, Messrs W. C. Willjams, as v ice'pre sident. T. Gollan and L. Bird; working committee, Messrs W. .1. Fotherlngliam, L. Bird, O. Lyndon, W. Hocking and L. Hammond; sel ection committee, Messrs Gollan, Fo theringham and Lyndon; collectors, Messrs A. Fotheringham and O. Lyn don; referee Mr. N. D. Knight. The membership fee was fixed at 2/6. It was decided that the club's col ors be all green with black trou Bers, and that the secretary be as ked to obtain 18 complete suits at once. Tho chairman (Mr. W. C. Williams) Btated that Mr. Fairland would probably bring a Sydney team to Wingham in June, and it was de cided to make arrangements for this later. Mr. Smyth offered to donate an lionor cap for the man attending training beat, and Mr. O'Neill a gui nea subscription. Wingham Butter Factory. — The an nual meeting of tho Wingham and Up per Manning District Co-operativ.e Butter and -Bacon Company Ltd., was held at Mr. W. W. Bird's residence at Kfllawaira on Saturday afternoon last. There was a large attendance. Messrs. J. Robinson, J. Stilt, W. Fo theringham and G. S. Hill were re elected directors, and Mr. H. Turner auditor. Full report unavoidably held over. Easter Railway Traffic.— Easter passenger traffic from Taree gave the following totals :— On March 17 there were 188 passengers, represen ting £134 5s, March 18,-llG passeng ers— £71 17s 3d; March 19, 160 pas sengers— £117 16s; March 20, 210 passengers— £392 fls2d; Mar. 21, 180 passengers— £119 8s 8d; March 22, 153 passengers — £65 0s 4d;making a total of^l016- tickets issued, or £901 16s ~5d in cash. At the Wing ham Railway Station during the. Eas ter holidays 1210 tickets were issued up to Thursday last, resulting In £348 10s 2d being received. Committeemen at Cricket.— The re turn cricket match between mem bers of the Upper Manning Agricultu ral Association Committee, and those of the M.R.A. and H.A., will be play ed at Taree on Saturday next in the public park, play starting at 1^30. At the close of the match the local committeemen will . entertain the visitors at dinner in the Protest ant Hall. The teams will consist of 15 aside, and Taree players will be ^sen from the. following : — Messrs W. J. Cox, S. Levick'E. J. Gill, D. Dorward, R. Malcolm, W. Richard son, Joseph Abbott, A. E. Smith, E. J. Sa.xby, H. A. Allan, L. Plummer, J. Holder, R. Dyball, jun., W. McCau lay, W. A. McDonald, J. Ladd, G. J. Cross, C. E. Drury. P. J. Hogan, L. Steinmetz. The President (Mr. D. Cowan), and Messrs E. Ladd, D. A. McDonell, and G. B. David, are mem bers of the Pony Racing committee, and as the meeting takes place on Saturday, they will not be able to take part in the match; they .will, however, be present at the dinner. It is hoped that all members of the committee will bo present there, also. Relics of Thunderbolt.— Mr. W. A. Lee, Roads Engineer, lias tho rifle which was taken from the bushran ger 'Thunderbolt' by the police af ter he was shot by Constable Wal ker, near Uralla, . in the 70's. In Thunderbolt's pocket was a cheque for £27, drawn by Mr. C. A. Lee, who was then in business on the tab lelands, and formed part of the plun der that the bushranger had secured when lie 'stuck up' a coach. The bullet which killed Thunderbolt pas sed right through the cheque and the document, after tho police had finish ed with it, was handed back to Mr. Lee, who still retains it as a relic of the past. Mr. W. A. Lee who al so has a photograph — one of the old type — which was taken of the bush ranger after his capture, and the wound in his breast is visible. It is not a pretty picture. Thunder bolt was not unknown in this dis trict, and at times made his way down the Manning Valley to the coast. Many of the farmers on the route knew him, and he was freely sup plied with rations when he was on tho march, and none had any fear of him as he was a particularly gentle brand of bushranger. Some people think that the shooting of him under. the conditions that existed was a. rather extreme action. But many things have changed since 1870/ Wild Weather.— On Friday last Mr. Wragge issued a forecast warning people of heavy weather which would prevail on the coast before. the 12lh; Instant, as he calculated that a dis turbance from the Antartic' region would collide witli a cyclonic storm,' somewhere off Gabo arid make' things particularly lively .in the Tasman Sea. He named the contest of ele ments 'Ulysses.' . 'Ulysses' has been more than prompt, and arrived beforo tho. day specified by the emin ent meteorologist. Rafn began to fall on Saturday, and continued up to time of going to press on Tuesday forenoon, accompanied by driving winds which varied from north-oast, round to south-west, and finally sett led down to business and blew from the south. The following arc tho rainfalls up to Monday morning:— - Taree 420 points, Gloucester. 532 points, Dungog 325 points, Wingham 370 points, Wyoming 460. . ' '' Up to Tuesday morning. Taree had recorded 640 points, anil ran was fal lfng heavily, accompanied liy a strong easterly wind. . The 'Maianbar' Is reported to be sheltering in Nelson's Bay. A fierce galo is blowing along tho coast, and heavy seas are running. The Wingham, TInoneo and Tareo ferreis have ceased running, arid pas sengers for the present aro being, i'a lton across by. boat. The river is rising rapidly. Mr. G. W. Wilshlre.— This gentle man, who has been away recuperat ing after his recent illness, has retur ned home and resumed duty as man ager of the Port Macquarle branch of the Bank of New South Wales. We are pleased to hear he Is comple tely restored to health again. Quarterly Returns. — Following aro the quarterly returns for Port Mac quario to March 31 : — Births, 21 ma les, 24 females, total 45 ; deaths, 8 males, 9 females, total 17 ; marriages 13. Death at Gloucester. — On Friday afternoon Edward Corbett, sen., fat- her of the late Gloucester Shire Pre- sident and other respected residents of Gloucester, passed away. The late Mr. Corbett had been suffering from a complication of complaints during the past few weeks. Taree FootBall Club. — The annual meeting of the Taree Football Club was hold at the School of Arts on Thursday .night last. The following officers were elected. Patron: Mr. Harry Smith; President: Mr. C. R. Sadler; yice-presldents: Messrs. Cos telloe, ']?!.' W. Alcorn, M. Parker, G. H. Langley, A. McCartney, G. David, G. Cowan, D. Cowan, L. O. Martin, W. Basham, J. E. Layton, Dr. Gormley, Dr. Stokes, Canon Phillips, A .E. Smith, T. Foster and A. J. Fothering ham; Secretary: Mr. J. Hanney; Au ditors: Messrs. L. Plummer and L. Henderson; Vice-president to Union : Mr. G. David; Delegate to Union: Messrs. D .Drake and P. Mooney. It was decided to affiliate with the Un ion, and to enter into all competitions. Messrs. Hanuey, Atkinson and Moon ey were appointed as a selection com mittee. Mr. McGowen.— Mr. McGoweu was aBked last week whether there was any truth in the rumour that he in tended resigning the Premiership. 'That,' he replied, ? 'remains to bo seen.' 'Will you stand for the Red fern seat at the next election?' 'Yes,' returned the Premier, 'you can say definitely that I will be a can didate for Redfern at the next appeal to the people.' Very little surprise will be occasioned if Mr. McGowen does not submit himself for re-election as tlie leader of his party. A party meeting will bo held some time before July for the purpose of electing offi cers for the session. ,Tn viow oi Mr. McGowen's announcement that .he will contest the Redfern seat, it is re garded as almost certain that lu-xt session he will sit in Parliament as a private member . Mr. Holmau w.U, it is thought, be elected leader. Steamer Hall Caine. on Fire.— A fire broke out on tlie new steamer Hall Caine at Messrs. Morrison and Sin clair's shipbuilding yards, Balmain, early on Friday morning last, when the stokehold and hold wore damaged and tlie deck and fittings scorched beforo tho flames were extinguished by' the Balmain firemen, with the aid of a hydrant. Early last week, the engines were installed, and on Thurs day morning the Hall Caine was ta ken out for a trial run*, when all 'the demands made on her wore answered satisfactorily. The vessel, which is about 800 tons ,was taken back to Balmain in tlie afternoon. .As every thing was in order, the watchman who had been safeguarding tho vessel since her arrival from the Manning, was not called- upon ,to go on board on Thursday night. Nevertheless, the steamer was not without guard ians, for two young fellows slept on board. One of the young men noticed tlie fire about 5 a.m. on Friday, the smoke having awakened him, and rousing his companion they made an unsuccessful attempt to extinguish the firs, which was then .confined to the main hold. Tlie lire brigade was then summoned, and the hydrants got the fire under in about half-an-hour. The most serious damage was done to the main hold, where the fire Is supposed to have started among some rubbish, as a result, it is thought, of a light having been thrown down. The wood work was burned and scorched and the fittings slightly damaged. .The flames also spread into the stokehold, and did. slight damage there, then; find ing their. way. into the open scorched the deck and tlie woodwork .iu the vicinity of the bridge. The repairs, rendered necessary, however, uhould not prove costly. Orange: Blossoms.— On March 22, by the ; Rev. T. Neil, at Liverpool, Clar ence. M., youngest son of Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Silence, of Port Macquar le, was united in matrimony to Lilian, neice of M. Gay, Esq., of Chipping Norton, Liverpool. Port Stephens P. . and P. Board. — At tlie quarterly meeting of tliis board last week, Inspector Moore re ported that he had visited tlio rabbit infested areas, and notified owners to suppress rabbits by poisoning, shoot ing and destroying cover... In every case ho found holders trying to eradi cate tho Vest. The board decided to enforce compulsory' laying of poison for rabbits. ' Tho inspector was in structed to proceed with prosecutions of holders who had not furnished stock returns. It was also deci ded to concur . with the move ment to establish freezing works in connection with the Sydney abattoirs. Taree District School Football Club. A meeting of this club was hold on Wednesday last.- The following offi cers wore elected : — Patron : Mr. L. O. Martin; President: Mr. J. Hanney; Vico-prosidonts: Messrs. D. Drake, A. II. Dyce, D. Cowan, A. E.: Smith, and Dr. Stoices; Secretary and Treas uror : Mr. (n. Holder; Selection Com milteo: Messrs. D. Drake, N. Holder, and D. Hodgins. Tho club's: colors will bo black and gold. Good Catch of Jewfish.— Mr. J. A. Brlen had a very successful time a mow; til.; Joufisli Jii-.t. -. -i\; at P..M Mnoyuaric. FU'i ns- from flio brjw water In twoj nights ho spcurod seven a couple of them ranging up to SO lbs in woight. Tlie fish wore despat ched to Sydney,- and tho lucky fish erman should net ii handsome profit from his two nights' work. Quite True.— 'Destroy Sydnoy and the country will rebuild It ten times more beautiful than e ?-?-.: Destroy tlie country and grasu wmiUl grow, m tho city streets,' — B. J. Grogan, In a letter on tho North Sydaoy bridgo controvprsy . ' Manning Shire Council. — Owing to the heavy rafn there was not a quor um at the1 Shire Council meeting, due on Monday. The meeting was ad journed for two weeks. Wallamba and Wang Wauk Bridges. 'Mr. A. .!. Whltrord, Secretary of the Manning ft Ivor District Conference nf PrnirrppH AKsnnintinnH. liiis bnon ill formed by the Public Works Depart ment that the communications from him and Mr. T. H. Willinms, of Wanjr Wauk, urging the construction of jriclges for the Walhimba and Wang Wauk Rivers have been received by Hie department, and stating that the matter had been referred to the Local Goycrnment Engineer for considera tion in. connection with the classifica tion of main roads. Catholic Church Items.— On Sunday April 13th, Mass will be celebrated at Coopernook, at 8.30 a.m., and at Tareo at 11 o'clock, by the Rev. Jos eph Kelly. His Lordship, the Bishop of Maitland, will visir. the Manning . ibout the 22nd of April, when the req uiem mass and offices for the repose it the soul of the late Father Foley will take place. The time will bo an nounced later. It is not intended to appoint a priest to Tareo during the present month, so Father Kelly will remain in charge during that period. In May two -mission priests from Randwick will give mission services throughout this district. Full particu lars of their visit and fixtures will be given in a future issue of this paper. The Wild Man.— The Wild Man, Whoso alleged barbarous feats, made many a man, woman and boy stand aghast, and wonder, at the hist Taree Show, struck trouble at West Mait land a few days ago. Detective O' Rielly was sauntering round the Mait land showground on Thursday, when his attention was attracted by Percy William Stevenson yelling out 'Come and see. the wild man. He was caught in Africa, but is kept deep down in a dungeon. The wild man got loose last night and killed a bullock on the showground,' and pointing to a bul lock's head, he said, 'he is now feed ing on the bullock's bones and flesh.' After assuring himself that the wild man could not get loose; the detec tive risked his life, paid 6d. and wal ked into the tent. He could see no atrocious beast, but could see Henry Joseph Lane lying down- on some straw. „' He was fastened in a canvas packet, had a' wig on, and a set of fal se teeth which protruded from ..his mouth to give him a ferocious appear ance. The detective was satisfied that the whole thing was a fraud, and arrested the alleged 'wild -man' and Stevenson, and locked them up, charging them with obtaining from him the sum of sixpence by means of false pretences. At tlie police court Doctective Surridge, who was present at the Show with Detective O'Reilly said that Stevenson was calling out that he ate ovorything except tho head of -the bullock, and a few bones pro duced. Stevenson also said, 'LndkJ; and gentlemen, he chows the bones till he comes to the marrow. There is £500 for the lady who will marry hi,m next Saturday. You won't want to cook for him. He eats raw meat.' At the police station witness found £0 15s. 6d. in silver in a leather bag Stevenson had on him; but altogether he found £30 in his possession.- Ste venson said he had been allowed to show on Sydney and other show grounds, and thought he was within his rights. .The P.M. said that at show time people liked to be made fools of, and as accused both . promised not. to continue with the show, each was fined 20s., or.!4 days. The Late General Booth. — Commis- sioner Howard . lias appointed April 10 to be observed by every -Salvation Army Corps throughout tlie Common wealth as a-night'of prayer. The date named will be the anniversary of the death of ; General Booth. The Federal Elections. — It has been decided by the Federal Executive to further prorogue Parliament till Ap ril 23, when a proclamation will bo issued dissolving Parliament. - The writs for the election' of members of the new Parliament are to bo issued about April 24th or 25th, As soon as tho writs are issued the liberty hither to enjoyed : by the Press will bo con siderably curtailed. Our correspon dents would do well to bear this in mind. Any contributor making refer ence to the election will, under tho new Act, bo.requirod to sign his full name and address at the foot of the article for publication purposes. The newspaper man is also liable to all sorts of pains and penalties should he print anything that someone may cohs'ldor misleading to an elector; The Hospital.— The following pa tients were admitted to the M.R.D. Hospital on the dates specified: — Ap- ril 3, C. .A; Gollan (infant child from TInoneo); and W. Bacon, of Camden Haven; 4th, A. J. O'Neill (constable, Coopernook), J. Lewis (Nabiac); Oth, Thomas Murray, from railway 'works'; Langley Vale. Death of an Infant.— An infant' child of Mr. and Mrs. George Gollan. Tin onoo, which- was admlttei'I to tho M.R.D. Hospital, on tho 3rd inst., died tlie samp day from diphtheric' croup. Tho little one was six weeks old. Death of Mrs. Hlgglns.— Mrs. Tho mas Higgfns, of Coolongolook, died in the hospital on Saturday, aged 49 years, the cause of death being en docardltus— heart trouble Tho decea sed lady leaves a husband, six sons and one daughter, the youngest child boing 9 years of age. Land Office.— Tho following nppli calloij lias been lodged: — \V ;.IT. Coo per, c.l., 140 acres, parish Wyoming. At Forbes.— Mr. Fincliain, P.M., who was recently acting Police Mag-. Istrato at Taroo, is now doing duty. ;it Forbes. . ('. .:! -. Jew Fish.— Jew Fish have boon un usually plentiful in- tho river lately, A couple of fishermen yarded up a few hun'dr'ids In their net,1 whloh was badly torn -owing to bit' iuh Soak ing tli«.iiRli it. -They mannsod In )?- tain a very profitable numlmr. Be foro tho ruin fish wore biting very -mi- couraglngly, 'and llioro was ijulto a demand for fishing gear. ar:;:..v - _..:j,:.  INNISFAIL NOTES. (For the 'N. Q. Register.') INNISFAIL, January 27. General. uist week weather conditions were very much disturbed. On the Thursday and Friday we'had very heavy rains, but not sufficiently to cause much alarm, tut on the second day our river came down with very great force! In dtcatlng that a large amount of rain had fallen In the Hinterland. In con sequence residents generally were very much afraid' that they were going to have a repetition of' the big January flood of last year. However, on Satur day morning, we- noticed that' the fresh had exhausted itself, and that the river presented Its normal appearance. The -big rush of waters affected the North JohWone branch, with the re milt that four or five spans ot the bridge .from Goondl to Darajl were car ried away. This bridge was erected by the (2.8.R. Company for the purpose of getting cane over from the Darajl aide, and to renew same will mean a bit expenditure, by the company. The s.s. Muriel was tied up at the Goondl sugar wharf, but - when the fresh came down It .was so strong that It carried away, all her lines, and Captain Campbell decided to proceed down the river and make an anchorage near Bamuuf Island, On Friday, Saturday and. Sunday the ftood waters were ovor the OobndH wharf. Owing to their eub. sldtnce, the Muriel was enabled to load m full cargo of -sugar from Goondl Mill, and leases to-night with same for Calms for 'transhipment to Brli liane. '. '— .r ? ,The Tully arrived from Townsville this morning, and the captain advises that hi experienced very stormy wea ther otl - bis trip up. The consistent Lass o'Qowrle, which usually put* in an appearance at daylight on Sunday, did not arrive -until after » a.m. For the next two months we must expect disturbed weather conditions, and it is pleasing to note that the Townsville people are making efforts to secure the services of Mr C. L. Wragge as meteo rologist. At present we are like the man who locked his stable door after the horse was stolen. What we want is forewarning, and as far as our com munity is concerned, greater confidence would be felt it we knew that Mr Wragge was watching the vagaries of the elements, and would give us timely notice of any cyclonic or flood visi tations, thus enabling us to make pro vision to protect ourselves. This really Is a matter for the Fede ral Government but our experiences In North Queensland are no matter which party Is In power we get no considera tion whatever, and all we have to do ui pay our taxes and grin and bear it At si special meeting of the Johnstone Shire Council, Mr C. E. M. Graham was elected Chairman 'until the first meeting of the new Council. Mr Gra bam .has proved himself a nut rate reprsaujotattre, and so doubt at Uu meeting of the new Council he will be selected for the ensuing year. On Friday next. 30th Inst, a general meeting or subscribers to the School of Arts will take place; it is to be hoped there will be a good roll up. The elec tion of officers and the financial state ment will be dealt with. On Wednesday last Mr Bert Jones met with a very painful accident; l.e was driving his delivery van along Rankln-street; the cart was heavily loaded with short wood, and on top of it was a bag of maize. Owing to the cart getting Into a rut the bag moved, and endeavoring to secure It, Jones fell from tbe cart, with the result that he sustained a fracture of the arm above the wrist. Dr. Willis attended to the injury, and now Jones Is on a fair way to recovery. What might have resulted In a ser ious accident but fortunately owing to ' Driver Woolf getting his engine under control, was presented. This par ticular night the train was rather late, and for some unexplained reason the points near Howard Smith's whirr were open, with the consequence that Instead of the engine running on the main line past Chapman's sawmill, it was diverted Into Howard Smiths Com pany's shed, with the result that half tbe building was pulled down. As it happened on this particular night, there were an unusual number cf children and lady passengers. They experienced a severe shock, but for tunately no one was Injured. The annual meeting of the subscri- bers to the Innlsfail Hospital took place last week. The newly elected secretary. Mr M. J. Nolan, explained he could not Eive a. proper statement of affairs, hb he had very few documents to uulde him; he really had to rely on the bank book. At the beginning of lost year the Hospital, according to his figures, had a credit of £132, and during ihe year £1461 6s was received; this left n credit balance at the end of the year of £180 17s 4d. It was shown at the meeting at that date the Horpltol was In credit to the extent of £286 lCs lod; this can hardly be correct, as It Is cencrally understood that the hospital funds are on the other side of the ledger. However, as Messrs. King and Job -fire being appointed as auditors, they no doubt will go into matters and get a balance-sheet Issued. At the meeting, Mr L. J. DufTy was clectod vice-president; Mr R. G. Dalrymple. treasurer; and Messrs J. A. Menries, H. Parry. T. Car*}-, C. E. M. Graham, W. J. Gilbert, and J. H. Payne. Ow- ing to a technicality, the chairman ruled that Mr Frank Shaw's nomlna- tlon as chairman was Informal, llke jwise the nominations of Messrs Mo Donald, Stephens, and Reid as com mitteemen. It was Interesting to no- ? tlce that subscribers are taking alt .' Interest in hospital affairs. It it, how- ?'? ever, to be deplored that elfotiM* ' should be carried out on a psrtT^W-1' political basis; the whole of the oom munlty should be unanimous In worlF* ing for the welfare of this fine insti tution. When, however, banking com panies and other Arms who have con tinually subscribed to hospital funds are debarred from any voting power ' by their representatives It may tend to prevent them sabBCribtng la the Mrs E. Barclay left last week o»V4ir holiday trip In the North. Mr C. J. Boulter is now In town on Departmental business. ? Mr Prank Armstrong left Uurtibi(fcr day for Townsville. ' ' --V: Mr E. Barclay, representative of tnr' j Goondl Cane Growers, leaves for Calrni ? ! to-morrow to attend a Sugar Qrowtta* Conference. Mr w. Beckett (Ingham), Is visit Ing Innlsfail. : Miss Garbutt. Townsvllle, is visiting Innlsfnll, and is the guest of her tort* ther, Mr Bert Garbutt Mrs Pcarce (Goondl), has returned after spending some time in Towbs ville. Mr O. Randall* arrived to-day ftom Townfivllle. Mrs Prank Armstrong arrived. .to-day, after spending three months in Syd ney. Mr Armstrong went to Towmndlsj to meet her. Masters W. Shaw and A. Stltt leave on Thursday for South to attend school. A little girl had been very naughty, eo her mother told her she must bar* no pudding for dinner. Later, th* others ate a nice Jam pudding, whlls the culprit received only bread ana butter. 'Now, Kitty,' said her mouir, I nt the end of the meal, 'say grano' '?? Kitty obeyed. Closing her eyes aost'^ folding her hands, she said, with -m- nasls, 'For what they have reo»lv«dL , may they be truly thankful.' i ?- -.' ?  CLEMEWT WRAGGE. Few names (says the Sydney "Sun") are as well known through out the Commonwealth as that of Clement Wragge, whose picturesque nomenclature of approaching storms was a feature of the day's reading during the tlme he was Director of the Weather Bureau in Queensland. His high-level station at Kosciusko is now a ruin, but the reputatlon that Mr. Wragge left behind him is as firm to-day, as it was when he handled and christened cyclones and tornadoes as though they, were kit tens. Interest in Mr. Wragge's work is revived by the announcement that he will arrive in Sydney on Friday and begin a series of popular lec- tures on the following Monday in the Y.M.C.A. Hall. The fact that Mr. Wragge has lost none of his pic torial imagery is shown even In the title of his lectures. "The Flight of a Soul Through Space" suggests Marie Corelli, from whom, by-the- way, Mr. Wragge received a number of letters. The erstwhile official me- terologlst repudiates the idea that he is a showman, claiming to be a meteorologist and physical astrono- mert, but his lectures, while highly educative wlll be found to be ex- tremely popular.  GENERAL NEWS. FINE AND COOL. There was a gradual cooling down of thf weather dirring the week-end. and last night was chilly. In the city the highest shade tcmpei-atures were 81.7 deg. on Satur- day- and 79.8 deg. on Sunday. The thun dcrshowers that fell on Friday were light lo heavy, but. as is usual with thunder- storms, the falls were of a patchy nature. The heaviest official registration was 1.44 in. at Kapunda. Meadows registered 1.4 in., Wolseley 1.2 in., Gawler 1.15 in., and Macclesfield 1.07 in. Further useful rains were recorded in New South Wales on Satnrday morning, the whole State partici- pating, except the far weston and southern border districts. Light to moderate rain, with thunderstorms, also occurred at many stations in Victoria. The Government Meteorologist stated last night:-"An anti- cyclone has occasioned the cooler breezes that blew during Sunday afternoon, and their direction and the rapid 'rise in the Adelaide barometer show that the system is passing eastward rather quickly. Under the influence of this high the weather may be expected to remain fine over the central State with cool to moderate temperatures."' WELCOME TO DR. MAWSON. A special congregation of the Adelaide University will be held to-day at the Elder H-all at 2.15 p.m. to welcome Dr. Mawson. Graduates are asked to wear academic dress and to .issemble in the concert hail at 2 p.m. The Chancellor (Sir Samuel Way) and the "members of the council and senate and. professorial staff will march in pro- cession to their seats. The Chancellor will be accompanied by the Preni'er (Hon. A H. Peake). So soon as thev are seated the Governor-General (Lord Denman) and the Minister of Customs (Mr. Groom) will be conducted to the platform by the Vice Chancellor (Dr. Barlow) and Mr. Justice Murray. The Chancellor will extend a welcome lo the Governor-General, who will deliver an address, and the Premier and the Minister of Customs will also speak. Then the Chancellor will confer the degree of doctor of science (ad eundem) on Professor Orme Masson, who is acting chairman of the Mawson expedition committee > and president of the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science. Professor Masson will deliver an address, after which Dr. Mawson and Captain Davis, of the Aurora will speak. Presidents of societies and other bodies participating in the wel- come ?will be accommodated with seats on the platform. As the Governoi>Gerieral is to leave for Melbourne bv the afternoon's express train it is expected that the pro- ceedings will be concluded by 4 o'clock. SHOW WEEK.« The Autumn Show of the Royal Agricul- tural Society is likely to attract the usual crovvds to the city. To-dav the steady flow of country visitors will begin in ear- nest, and before the end of the week the hotels and boardine-houses will probably all be well filled. The show will be opened on Thursday, and will be continued on Fri- day and Saturday. THE POPULATION' OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The Government Statist, Mr. L'. H. Sholl, has issued a tabulated statement showing the estimated population of South Australia on December 31, 1913. The total popula- tion at the beginning of the year 1913 was' 430,090, made up of 218,613 males and 211,477 females, and the table shows the total to have increased to 440,044, made up of 221.G"2 males and 218,442 females. The births dur- ing the year numbered 12.627 (6,505 males and 6,122 females), and the deaths 4,tS)3 (2,563 males and.2,130 females). The total number of arrivals during the 12 months was 115,461, of whom 8,337 were from over- sea, and the total number of departures 113,441. The increase by migration is thus 2,020, made np of a loss of 953 males and a gain of 2,973 females. The natural increase has been 7,934 (3,942 males and 3,992 fe- males). It is estimated that 6,040 persons have arrived from the United Kingdom and British possessions during the year ami 2,652 have departed for the same countries, making a gain for South Australia in this direction of 3,988. The total of foreign arrivals is 1,697, and of departures to foreign countries 1.002, making an increase in population of 695. The figures showing inter-State migration are of exceptional in- terest. From New South Wales 37,901 per Cl"." I,. sons have arrived and that State lias claimed 39,607 South Australians, with the reFult that this State loses to the extent of 1,610. In the exchange with Victoria the loss is nearlv as great, there having been 59,559 arrivals from and 60,835 depai tures to that State. Queensland has claimed 197 South Australians, and only responded with 75 Qucenslanders: but the exchange with Western Australia has been more satisfactory. 9,476 persons having arrived from and 9,148 departed for the West. There have been 23 arrivals from Tasmania. and no South Australians have gone to that island to take their places. The total inter-State loss is 2,663. In the two pre- vious years the population of South Aus- tralia increased to a greater extent by im- migration than in 1913: in 1911 to the ex- tent of 4,285, and in 1912 to the extent ot 4,175. In 1913. as has already been pointed out, th&lt;? increase was only 2.020. -.« «,,m^"T,T,T,' rmr»r-iTT-nrr-n» THE BUTUHJSK& J-líDUU-i-.. ""There is no new development in the local butchers' trouble," said the Hou. A. W. Styles, when asked how the matter «tood on Sunday. He went on to state that nothing further would be known con- cerning the position till to-night, when a meeting of the board of management repre- senting the employes wiQ be held. The employers will also meet to-day. Mr. Styles, however, expressed Idmself as exceedingly hopeftd that a satisfactory arrangement wonfcl be concluded. "I doirt think there w31 be any difficulty," ho added. A LEGISLATOR IN A FEX. On Friday Mr. A. W. lobinsón, of Balak- lava, a vice-president of the Liberal Union; Mr. G. Wiesner, pre-dent of the Eudunda branch; and Mr. O. H. Dal13t, ALP., started from Eudunda in a motor car with tho object of addressing a meeting of the union at Robertstown. The rain was falling heavily, and when the party reached Point Pass they found that it waa impossible to go farther along the ma road, as the creeks were running so high. The schoolmaster at Point Pass (Mr. P.T3. Paech) landry lent them a pair of ponies and a vehide, in which they travelled along the back road. They had not gone more than 1} miles, however, when the ponies in attempting to cross a creek, which is one oí the tributaries of the Brady River, sank np to their bellies in mud,- and the y_ócíci;becaine. eo bogged that it was impossible to move it. The I edges of the creek, which runs through a fallowed field, had washed away. Messrs. Robinson and Wiesner at once jumped out .sinking in mud up to their knees, but Mr. Duhst was more cautious, and he first removed his boots, socks, and trousers» Clothed in a long overcoat he waded ashore carrying the other garments in his arms. The efforts of the party did not avail, to move the vehicle, and assistance liad to be sought from a neighboring farmer. That gentleman brought out a heavy draught boree and a supply of shovels and other implements with which to dig the vehicle loose. Then after working for 11 'hours tlia draught horse hauled it and tile ponies out of the creek. "Unfortunately there was no camera with which to get a snapshot of the legislator with an overcoat clinging, to his len ces, and his companions, like him- self, dreiiehedwith rain and thickly splashed with mud. The party continued their jour- ney till they came to the Brady, which was running several chains wide on its way to join the Julia. There they decided that discretion was the better part of valor, and thej- abandoned their con- templated journey and returned to Point Para. They then learned of- the drown- ing of Messrs. Rcuther and Richter in the Julia, which they would have had to cross at night if they had-gone on as was intended from Robertstown to Auburn, to be present at a meeting concerning the guarantee poll in connection with the Riverton to Spalding railway. They learnt that copious rains had fallen at Marrabel, and all through the other parts of the country as far as Kapunda, and tfiat there had been a slight washaway on the rail w-ay line at Fords, where a locomotive en ginediiver was drowned as the result of the great floods last March. The farmers were kind to Mi-. Duhst and his comrades, whom they assisted in every possible way even to the extent of washing their feet and cleansing their clothes. The party re- turned to Eudunda at about 4 o'clock. A NEW COASTAL STEAMER. On January 24 a new steel steamer, tie Kapara, was launched at the yard of. Messrs. John Crown & Sons, Sunderland.' . Our London coi respondent writes:-She was built to the order''of the Adelaide Steam Tug Company, and is of the following di menáoDs:-Length, 195 ft.; breadth, 32 ft.; moulded depth, 13 it. 9 in. She baa been constructed to tho highest class Lloyds under their special survey, and und&lt;r the ?versonal superintendence of -Mr. James Stewart, C.E., of Newcastle-on-Tyne. She is 1.100 tons d.w. all told, and has engines supplied by Messrs. McColl & Pollock, of Sunderland, to steam 8 knots. The stea> mer is intended for the coastal trade oí South Australia. Messrs. Elder. Smith, and Co., of London, have acted as business agents for the owners, and the boat was christened with a bottle of Australian wine by Mrs. H. M. Orr, wife of one of the managers. THE ENGLISH MALL. On Friday the commander of the P. &, O. liner Medina advised by wireness his pros- pective arrival at the Outer Harbor at 9-30 a.m. on Saturday. At that hour the steamer was swinging opposite her berth. The voyage out was quite of the ordinary, type, except that communication was estab- lished with Cocos Island, and the staff of the Eastern Telegraph Company was pro- vided with reading matter sent ashore in a barrel. Prompt attention was given to the mails for Adelaide and the eastern States, the latter being forwarded by the after- noon express. ' The Medina left for Mel- bourne at about 4.30 p.m. DISTRICT TRAINED NURSING SOCIETY. Previously the method adopted by the Hindmarsh branch of the District Trained Nurses' Society for raising funds was by means of continentals, fairs, and visiting the residents in their homes, but on Friday evening a departure from this procedure was made, in the shape of a street collec- tion. * Lady assistants^ elad in neat white costumes, were at every street corner and at the railway-station and the tram ter- minus, and their courteous appeals could not be resisted. The result was very gratifying to the committee. Misa Scriven is the secretary and Mr. G. E. Freeman, | assistant secretary. ' CENTENARY OF AUSTRALIAN METHODISM. The representative session of the Metho- dist Conference will resume its work this morning at 10 o'clock, and in the after- noon will pay its annual visit to Prince Alfred College, The evening will be de- voted to the inaugural demonstration in connection, with the centenary of the Church's History' in tlie southern world. On August 10, 1815, the Rev. Samuel Leigh arrived from England and organised the fir^t church of the "people called Methexlists" in Sydney with some 20 membeis, and so great has been the ex- pansion that there are now over 1.200 ministers, and the church membership reaches 163,000. Fittingly to celebrate the occasion, the Conference has decided upon a bold poKcv of advance, both in the direction of still further increasing its membership and by raising funds for im- portant connexional interests. The Cele- brations will extend over two years at least, during which time representatives of the Church in all parts of the world will vjgic Australia, bringing fraternal 'greetings from 'the Conferences to which they belong. The "mother church" in England-tlie British Wesleyan Confe- rence-has already appointed the Rev*. Luke Wiseman, B.A., its delegate for 1915, and the" MetLodißt, Church in Canada, the Methodist Episcopal Church of thei United states, and others will in due time announce their selections. Under these circumstances the demon- stration of this evening is one of unusual interest, and will no doubt be largely attended. tll/LUllUCU. SCARCITY OF VEGETABLES. Owing to the hot, dry season the supply of vegetables for the Adelaide market has fallen far below the demand for some weeks past, and the shortage is becoming more seriously felt as the summer advances. On Saturday morning Mr. H. J. Bishop, of the firm of Silbert, Sharp, & Bishop, stated that there had not been such a shortage as existed at present at any time during the last bix or eight years. This was due to the dry season and the ravages of blight of one kind and another. As a consequence prices were unusually high. Cabbages, for instance, were selling at 5/ a dozen, and bunched vegetables, such as parsnips, car- rots, and turnips, 2/ a dozen bunches. These prices were higher than he had known them for at least five years. The quality in all varieties of produce was also considerably below the average. Beans were realising from 4d. to 6d. per pound, and unless there should be a good downfall of rain to set the early crops going he could see na prospect of an improvement for some time to come. Large quantities of melons, pumpkins, and tomatoes had been sacrificed, as growers could not get suf- ficient water to bring them to maturity, even when they were in a well-advanced stage of development. THE ARMY AND THE Y.M.CA. The following letter has been received by the general secretary of the Y.M.C.A. from Lieutenant-Colonel Miell, officer in com- mand of the recent Light Horse military camp held at Jamestown:-"I wish to ten- der your excellent association my sincerest thanks for the splendid work done by your worthy representatives at my regimental camp held at Jamestown during the last eight days. After 21 years of peace and war service I have no hesitation in saying that your work is the most beneficent and elevating influence that has been brought into the service during my career. Our defence forces do not compare numerically with the countlees millions of our possible enemies; it is therefore essential that our troops should be mentally, morally, and physically, far superior to their foes. We are aiming for a high moral for the army, and your organisation is a very powerful influence for good in raising the standard of the manly fellows in the forces/' MR. (^«EMENT WRAGGF/S PRO- PHECIES. Mr. Clement Wragge, the well-known meteorologist, is in Tasmania, and thence he sends us the following extract from a lecture he delivered at Port Cygnet .last wreck:-He forecasted in 1904, and re- peated it in 1906, that the rainfall in Aus- tralia as a whole in 1912 and 1913 would be under average; in other -words, there would bo drought. He did not say that the nnder-avenige would be as bad as it was in 1902, because the moon has been and is 8tDl gcdug towards the sun, -which musr, cause bitcTvening rain; but that interven- ing rain notrwithstaiiding, the rainfall generally has been under the average. Com- ing to rho present time, he said that 11)1-4 will still be marked by what Australians call drought; but the dipught so called of this - year should not be so bad a-~t 1913. Conditions were rmpToíing, and in 1915 would still be improving. By the end of 1915 the rainfall should be up to the average. In 1916 and on to 1920 he forecasted good seasons; 1321 and 1922, falling off; 1923 and 1924, bad drought; 1925-6, improv- ing; 1£E7 .to 1930, .good,, seasons.  A METEOROLOGICAL STAT11H. The demand for a property equipped meteorological station in the North, which has been pressed more urgently by Cairns than by any other place, has now been actively taken up by lownsville. As the largest town concerned in this question, and as a place, which has proved .peculiarly liable to cyclonic visi tations, Towns ville does well to interest itself in -the matter. ' At the present time of the year and under present weather condi tions, every ^orth Queensland centre is alive to the importance of the subject. - Full details of the big meeting at Townsville are not yet to hand, but the facts and conclusions which Captain Sunter and the other .speakers must have placed before their hearers are -already familiar to the majority ^f Cairns resi dents. A scheme was outlined by which, at an estimated cost of under £4Q0, a station could be established for the liurricane season this year, and#as time was urgent, it was decided to approach the coastal towns by ?wire. It was recognised that the, station must be established at Cairns or Townsville, and it was decided to form a commit tee to approach . the shipping firms and, others interested. This committee met after the general meeting and decided to send Mr. Clement 'Wragge a cable at Auck land, offering him the .posftion for the Jiurricane season this, year. The Cairns Chamber of . i Commerce, which has from . first- ' to last done good work in con nection with this movement, has very naturally lost no- time in reviving the topic; and the re port of its deliberations thereon will be studied with interest. The value of an allied campaign was clearly recognised, and it was decided to request = the May or at once to 'convene a public meeting at which representative .Cairnsites could voice yet once more the' urgency bf- th'e case. Cairns lias led this Northern agitation in the past, - and does not intend to lag behind at what may very probably prove a cruc ial moment.: The important fac or pf 'wifeless Was also consid- . ered, and with reason, for it is ere that the' niost likely solu tion of the whole difficulty- lies. This is not the time for labor- ' ing the reasons, which actuate . ., he Chamber and the. people of Cairns, as . also of Toivnsville. and the. North 'generally. It is a tale that is told, /to .which - nothing 'can be. added beyond reiteration. The South;J»a^;fieard the story, and. has'. Ho 'denial to give. . Evasion and 'excuse are .all that have 'ever been offered to put off the Northern claim. . Such a -policy can be suffered 'no- longer. Buring the latter half of the year just closed, the -fine weather season, there was more serious and frequent delay in communi cation with the South than was ever before -known. It was prov ed that even under, apparently favorable conditions, no depend ence whatever was to be placed on Southern advices. No wonder that when the 'hurricane- season ? approaches, the North rousts it- - self in the determination -that something must 'be' done, and , that _ rigfit. quickly. . The present cDPorti'U'ty .must not be. let slip. Seldom ? has such unanimity been cfispiayeC. lownsvifie is com municating wi th the other coast al to-.vns. 'and not in Cairns cnlv- but in many other centres will meetings be held. Should the ordin^rv authorities still re fuse to assist, the suggestion of til'iiflg 'independent action for o'rs.l-es must be carried out.  mr. wragge's prediction. RENEWAL OF CYCLONE FORE TOLD. In Auckland on February 3 Mr. Clement Wragge, the well known Australian meteorologist, predicted that further atmospheric distur- bances would occur in the southern (tropics, including the northern por- | lion of New Zealand. "Atmospheric conditions," Mr. j Wragge said, "arc very perturbed within lower latitudes than that of Auckland, especially over all North j Cape, the Kermadecs, Tonga, Fiji, New Caledonia, Norfolk Island, and the coasts of Queensland and New South Wales. A close watch should be kept on barometer. The disas trous storms in Queensland, coupl ed with the flood, are sufficient in- UiCcLulUU ( ) 1 Lilt/ L'llL/Lill IvPc UI ther, and in various parts of the eastern half of Australia there may, and probably will, he a renewal of such before April 1, hence every pre caution should be taken. As stated in January, the coast of Western Australia. norLh from Shark Bay, may be affected by winds of the hur ricane ,1-ype, and "the pearling fleets should 'be on the alert. I am con firmed in the opinion that the sou thern edges of the trapieal distur bances will pass further south than usual, and their penumbrae may even extend to Urn Bay of Plenty and TJawke's Bay, N.Z., under cur rents from between south-east, east, north-east and north, shifting wes terly. blowing strong, and with a very considerable rainfall, before two months have elapsed. These conditions are mainly due to ab normal solar influence."  Seeond Edition. TELEGRAPH OFFICE, 8 p.m. FOREWARNED .IS FOREARMED, "Warning is issued by tiro Meteorologi cal Department that a fierce disturbance is travelling southward. Already that dis turbance has caused considerable, and. as later reports may prove, very groat damage, in the north. The special fcaturo ol these itinerant meteorological distur bances is that they as they proceed, instead of losing strength, they gather force. Tlioy resemble an insurgent army. Everji district through which they pass, and leave, in"- their passing, broad evi dences of their passage and ravage, con tributes its local reinforcements to their strength. Thus, while at a given spot, one of these disturbances,' by reason of its violence may seem to have expended its strength, the fact is that as it proceeds, it gathers fresh strength and ferocity, jfist as did An taeus of old, who, every time he placed his foot on mother earth, was reinforocd by fresh energy. The special purpose oi the meteorological department is to an ticipate the probable etlccts of these. vio lent visitants. From reliable data that department is able to foretell with abso lute accuracy, that within a- certain period, the disturbance of which it. has been notified, will reach, this or that spot. But in how many instances is pro-' per advantage taken of the. information thus afforded ? It may be. rcmeirrbercd Wat whea Mr. Wragge was State; meteo rologist, that devastating cyclonic disturbance which he designated "Sigma, swept over the northern part of Queens land. Its approach was predicted ; and, like Caesar, it came, saw, and conquered. The record ot the ravage which it> .wrought' now is embalmed in tbe annals of Queensland's history. What Precau tions, then, are now being taken to .an ticipate the probable effects of the dis turbance now swooping southwards ? t or at least two days warnings- have been issued, not only to shipping, but also to those inland, over whose districts the storm area is certain to extend, Lnless these warnings, based on ascertained scientific data and on specific observation at points and centres whence reliable in formation is obtainable, are heeded, of what- practical use is the Commonwealth - Meteorological Department 7 There is every reason, in view of the efforts which that department makes to afford fullest possible information both to shipping anil to the people on the land, why the fore casts as issued should be very carcfullr studied. It is the settler who disre gards such information who usually is " found, in time of flood, asquat the cap- pine; of his house roof, and floating., like Robinson Crusoe, to. some unknown island, or on whose drowned body the magistrate has to hold an inquiry as. to the cause of its appearance on the surface of the Iflood waters. Ample warning of the approach of this fierce meteorological fiend has been given. Those who are '.wise will make every, possible preparation for its repulse  TOWNSVILLE DETEB3TIÎÎED. A meeting of ' the committee ap- pointed at the recent meeting called to consider a proposal to engage Mr. C. I.. Wragge to conduct a. weather Bureau in North Queensland during the cyclonic season was held at tha office of the sacretary on Tuesday afternoon, says the "Bulletin." It oras resolved that owing to thef ne- gotiations with Mr. Wragge having fallen through, a letter be addressed ' to the Government ashing if the Wea- ther Department would find a resid- ent officer for Townsville, and supply the necessary data to him during the j present cyclonic season, and in such I Case would they not see their way. to ray all expenses. what, amount j would they require to he paid by the ! focal committee. | _;_ ' i  A WEATHER PROPHET. I LANDED in the city with threeand sixpence in assorted coins, a small brown paper parcel in my hand, and a large-sized despair in my. heart. I knew no one, no oke knew me, and I could see from a brief glanco round that most of tho people were far too - busy to stop ana niaw; my aftce. The most desolate place in the ; world is that where the largest number of people are. in the biggest . hurry. Never was: I more desolate than when I ' strolled round the' - streets and squares I of the city of Raleigh in the pelting rain. Raleigh is a beautiful city. Its founders s spared neither effort nor money in their ! i attempt to make the place take its true v rank among the capitals of Australasian 5 states. . . 'Its parks are superb, its raonu - ments miracles o£ artistic skill, its i buildings wear, an, air of originality ;and j i dignity. The spires of its' churches soar 5 heavenward, the clang of its tram-car bells has in it the divine music of pro ? gress. Its citizens are proud men. All this I have learned since. Whenj I first became acquainted with it I was chiefly impressed, wiith the boisterous, nature of its 'wind, the peculiar wetness of its rain, an& the sterling quality, of its mud. ' , ? v *'? /.? . ?? ' ' Star! ' ' ' Star !/? ;: Evening paper! '... _ ' Out of my capital of threeand°:x pence I purchased a copy of the sheet, ' and, wrapping my, mackintosh aboutme, : sat down on awet;and shiny bench in tho park to read it..' I saw that Britain had declared war on Greenland, and that Ireland had been submerged three feet deep under a/ tidal wave; buj^these tilings had no- /real interest for/^i'e. ? I r|ad of an expedition fitted oi^by the Chartered Fishing Company ofg^fUcutta tgjj extract train-oil from the sea^sgljpcnts ofl the Indian' Ocean; II saw that 'k^u,T% liiul been discovered for cancer by rub biiig pineapples dipped in tallo ws on ache afflicted parts but I was in n^s^fc.i§i; need of train-oil, and was. not just ther£ suffering from cancer, so I turned over tiio wet and clinging paper in search of news of a- more' thrilling nature. * . . 'Hot pies, twopence- each!' I read.' That was certainly information of a more . valuable kind; but- I calculated, that as the paper, had already cost me. a penny, the vdlU'e of a' pie by the time I had eaten :it *. would be really three pence. I turned the proposition down as one suggestive ' of 'frenzied finance, and read on in the hope of finding some thing ?; that might afford more genuine excitement. Here it was at-last:-^— - ??? WANTED. — An experienced me teorologist, to report and prognosticate | the weather for a morning paper. f: I sprang up at the news, and felt a new life and . vigor ruri/ through my ; frame. ;-Her.e...'was the very .work: for .me. Prognosticate the' weather? By the feel ing oi my macKini.usii . x snuuiu think I could. I sought the office of I that daily paper. * ?# ? I secured the appointment. . The edi tor, convinced that I was more than the rival of Clement Wragge, although un known to fame, engaged me on the spot, promised . me a salary of twenty-five -. shillings a week, and advanced me half a-sovereign to purchase a set of in struments. ? That evening ' I examined the direc tion of the wind and the appearance of the clouds from - the top of High-street, and addressed 'a man who looked . like a sailor on the ?? important topic, of next day's weather. ' Going to have more rain,' I - re marked in the carelcss, easy - tone natural to the owner of twelveahd fivepence. ' (1. had ; previously purchased a shilling's worth of hot food to, the I enormous satisfaction of my inner na il ture.) ?: ' . . ' | 'Yes,' said the man who looked like I a sailor but wasntt, 'more rain, more I grass.' - And i heL laughed : the inane I laugh of , the '??born'-- humorist. * ' I ' Does- it always rain, here?' I- asked. I ' Oh, no,' he said;; 'there 'are fine I days now and again, but the dry week | we had three months ago burnt every - I thing up badly. We need more rain I yet. Iff- hardly gone three inches into ? the ground.' f I should have thought the rain of that ; afternoon must have gone about sixty J feet into the ground; but the man evi dently knew. - ? - ' ) I went to a boarding-house, borrowed a sheet of paper, and wrote my first meteorological report: TO-DAY'S . WEATHER.— Heavy wind from between north and south, with much rain from the east, and rough seas on the west coast. The rain will be wetter than any previ ously experienced, and will sink about twenty-four inches into the ground. There will bo a severe shipwreck at four o'clock. . I knew that the last item was de cidedly risky; ; bu,t fate befriended ine. The weather was exactly as I said it would be. The shipwreck came off to the minute. 1 I regret to; say that some lives we're lost,- but I could - not be held responsible for that. The delighted edi tor advanced me another ten shillings to perfect my . meteorological appliances. My name ' was noised . abroad on the trumpet of fame, and the circulation of the paper doubled. .? - ; In the next issue I risked trie prophecy of a fine day. The morning looked dull and heavy; but my luck held. By ten o'clock the sun was -shining in cloudless splendor. .The next day and the next I was right, and, although for the whole succeeding fortnight I was . invariably wrong, nothing could shake the faith of the people in rny prognostications. ' Then I tried a bold stroke for endur ing fame. The weather had grown bitterly cold. I had foretold rain, but none had rcome. Ar^heavy mantle of grey cloud hung' ovIr. the city.-^«riskeS;-a great prjop.heicy* ' !§p - DAY% iLwbX|her; — ^-H'eay-- first time in tiie'-romembrance 6fe-.the ^ij&lfiest citizen, therewill be a consider * Kble fall ''of' '?.,;snoTy;;;;in rRaleigli. 'The snow will be followed by much mud. i'-Sl'^^pnder that I survived the glory of that day. The snow began to fall at 12 o'clock,' and by 3 in?:tlie afternoon there, was more mud in .the streets of Raleigh than .the gentlemen ' of ? the Liberal party could -throw -in six months, r Kv My salary was now ^raised, and I was invited to give a lecture on my art. at the Town Hall. I was the most admired man in Raleigh, and, 7 take it all in all, I' think I had the easiest job. But a time of retribution came. For weeks I could not get the weather right. I am convinced now that I made my great^mistake in trying to study the sub ject... I should have kept on trusting to luck. . In despair, after many repeated failures, I took to writing reports of which the following is a fair sample: — TO-DAY'S WEATHER.— Wind be tween north and south. Heavy rain, alternating with summer showers, and bright sunshine. Dusty streets. Light breezes, interspersed with cyclones. Much mud. Some sea on the coast: A report like that was bound to be right in some particular. Th3 sea, at any rate, was always right. In September I met Alice. ' She was, an heiress of considerable possessions, and an intense admirer of genius. Above all things else, she was interested in knowing how the weather reports were done. When the warm springtime came round, X instructed her on moon lit nights from the terrace in front of] her house. I had now an office next to 'the edi tor's, opening upon the balcony of the. second floor. My instruments were set up' on the balcony, except the decanter and glasses, which stood on the inner table. The greatest^ personages in Ra Uigh itsed to drop in to see me and I was always treated with 'the. marked deference which merit in the long run must win. , - ' Notwithstanding all these outward signs of prosperity, I was aware as the happy Christmas season drew near, that my laurels were becoming somewhat ? tarnished. V Tlie 'editor hinted that the manager -had noted a slight falling-off in subscriptions and sales. X must do Something to save the paper and my own reputation. '. Alas! '-Luck seemed to have deserted me. I predicted a terri ble thunderstorm,, and it failed to put in an appearance. I ti'ied another ship wreck, and the' sea was as. smooth as glass.' What was I to do ? Another week of, such failures would make me the laughing-stock of the city. On the day before Christmas eve I visited Alice, and was rejoiced to find that there was still one person who had unbounded faiith in me. ? „ ' Miss Mavis,' I said, ' you will have noticed that I am downcast and sad.' 'I have noticed it, Mr. Billings, and. I am so sorry. Is there anything I can do to cheer you and chase, away, your gloom?' She rose from her seat, and went towards the piano; but I knew that com fort was not to be found in that instru ment and groaned aloud. Alice looked all sympathy. Her large, soft eyes dwelt 'in untterable tenderness on me. Again I groaned. 'Miss Mavis,' I said, 'this poor, poor world of ours is only a thin crust of green and azr.ro 'trembling between the upper and nether void.' She drew a chair close to mine, and gazed with the rapt attention of one who is about to be initiated into mys teries almost too deep and dread for mortal ear. 'The- terrible truth I have hidden from them, hidden from all, but I can not hide it from you. I have written alarming reports of the weather though I well knew . *hat there was no danger. It was my hope that the failure of my repeated prophecies* might give them heart. Alas! Poor humanity!' I was deeply moved, and she saw it and drew her chair nearer. ' Alas! . Poor humanity !' I repeated. ' Noah was saved; , but who is to be the Noah of this generation?' White to the lips, she gazed at me in silence. 'It' 'may not happen,'. I went on, ' there is always a cliance, a -possibility, a frail hope that' it' may not happen;' but all the appearances favor it. Uranus is'out of his course: Neptune, inclines on .his . orbit ;: there is an . irregular - move ment aniopg the Asteroids.' - I had^risen from, my seat and begun to pace the room ; but I came back and stood by Alice. - 'Miss Mavis,' I said solemnly, ' can you bear the truth?' .She faltered. a trembling 'yes.' My voice 'became hollow and-? sepulr chral with the weight of 'the . tidings I felt forced to convey. . . . ' Miss Mavis,' I said, ' the . .appear ances all point to the destruction of the world within a' fortnight! ' I sank .into my chair and covered, my face with my hands. — 'Ob, I cannot 'bear it!' I cried^, sud- denly. 'I must speak all that is in my ?heart. Alice, I love' you ..as my;, own soul. I have dreamt day -'arid night of calling you my own — my wife.- . My posi tion is' not a lucrative one, I have no warrant- for. thus declaring myself; but what are - wealth and . station in a lost and ruined world? -Let us meet the end together. Be mine, if only for one short week. Let us be married to-morrow that we may be strong to face the com ing darkness.' She' rose' from her seat, and, with: .a little' cry tottered into my arms.' . ' Our silence was more eloquent than words.' Hand ..clasped in hand, we ; re-; -solved to face whatever of terror or hor ror the great forces of the Universe had in store for poor lost humanity. * * .# And that night I sent in my report: : .' TO-DAY'S WEATHER. — ' Bright morning with fleecy clouds and a pleasant breeze. Sunshine all the after noon. Fine sunset. Good sea. And it was so. DAVID McKEE WRIGHT.  Workers' Educational Association - _I 1- LECTURE BY MR. H. CURLEWIS. .. On Friday night, in the Mechanics' Institute, Mr.. H. Curlewis, Acting Gov ernment Astronomer, "delivered hiB lec ture on "Western Australian Weather and Methods of Forecasting" to . an appreciative aufflrenjee) of aboluff one hundred. In. the unavoidable absence of Mr. H; P. Colebatch, the chair was occupied by - Mr.;, A. Gibbs (Vice-Presi dent), (wlio, iji introducing the lecturer, stated, that the lecture had long been looked forward to by members, and also- mentioned that Mr.. Curlewis had gone to special trouble in the endea vour to fully illustrate his remaris hy lantern slides and charts. jur. uuriewis, m Deginmng his lec ture, stated that he would Ifke his au dience to remember that he was. ', hot responsible for the daily, forec'aefs pub: lished in the Press. These are issued from Melbourne, and are ,b&sei upon information supplied by the various re cording stations in Western Australia- He, stated that 'this arrangement had been in force since 1908, but prior to that time, when forecasts- were issued by the . Perth Observatory, he had bad. considerable experience. The lecturer stated that the Meteorologist, when forecasting, took into consideration six- primary elements : (1) Temperature : (2) pressure as shown by barometrical readings; (3) clouds; (4) wind; (5) precipitation— under which term- .was included rain; dew, frost, mist, et'ci; (6) humidity as indicated by the read-, ings of the wet and dry bulb - ther mometer. -These were the factors con sidered at all the first-class stations' throughout the Commonwealth. After discussing each of these elements in turn it was pointed out that -the Me teorologist in Melbourne possessed one great advantage over the Meteorolo gist in Perth. The torinef had the data from a great stretch of Austra lia to the west of him, while a man in Perth had, of course, no' data fr.om the ' expanse of water ho the west. "As the direction of "lows" and "Highs" wap from west to east, the various readings from Western Australia and South Australia were of the greatest' importance to the Weather Bureau in Melbourne. It would.be seen after the discussion of the six primary elements that, the 'sun was the great controll ing influence, being as it was the great source of heat, and although it was not uncommon to find in almost every, community, many persons who believ ed that "the moon had an . important influence on the . weather — and he . ( the speaker) must therefore proceed cau tiously—he had little doubt in his own mind that the moon's influence was a. negligible factor. It was generally known, of course, that the declination of the moon varied from an angle of 28 J degrees to an angle of 181 degrees' and back again to 28j degrees in a period of nineteen years. According Ao this the late Mr. Russell had deduced a theory that during the change in declination from 28 degrees to 18 de grees, we should experience in - the Southern Hemisphere , bad years of rain, and good years as the declination in creased from i8 degrees to 28 degrees. In the light of experience, however, tli's deduction must -be (questioned. Mr. Wragg© had deduced a theory! from the eleven year cycle of - maximum and minimum sun spots and had predicted that during the maximum period abun dant rain could be expected in the Southern Hemisphere, and' droughts during the minimum period. In ac cordance with the hypothesis he con cluded that we dhould have dry years From 190(5 to 1912. v«t for' tjhn seven years' inclusion the average annual rainfall of Northam for example was nearly seventeen inches, a higher aver age than for the years 1884 to 1915 inclusive. -In discussing cloud forma tion and movement, the lecturer stress ed the importance of the appearance and direction of the Cirrus clouds, one kind of whioh was popularly known as Mare's Tails. These clouds were formed in the high ' layers of the atmosphere, and, as the- normal move ment of the upper currents of .the at mosphere -was in the Southern Hemis phere, from the north-west, the ap pearance of Cirrus clouds indicated a low pressure area moving with She up per air current, and -if a meteorolo gist could get reliable local data from various stations concerning the ap pearance and direction of such clouds, he would ho in possession of very valuable information. ' The direction was not easily obtained by the inex perienced observer, for, if the clouds were in motion low down on the hori zon, one anight very easily 'be misled. A very interesting account was given of the cause of the disturbances, com monly known as "willy-willys /' ' and the factors which tended to incieaSfi or decrease" their intensity. Special reference was made to the disastrous cyclonic disturbance experienced in Perth last year'. .The lecture was highly appreciated by those present, 'and in reply to a remark from one of the audience the lecturer stated that with more detail ed information from a few specially selected stations within the -'State a more reliable forecast would probably he obtained by a local 'meteorologist than by one three thousand miles dis tant./ /- # . I who might be interested, and it was within ah hour of midnight when the last of the enthusiastic inquirers left the Institute. A very sincere vote of thanks "was proposed by Mr. C. C. Cutts and sec onded by Mr. E. Henley. Mr. Curlewis stated that he would be very pleasedyto visit Northam again whenever the . : Workers' .Educational Association thought he could te of any service.'"  ' Rumored ' Willy- Willy An unusual amount of an xiety has been caused pearlers and others by the circulation in some newspapers of the story that ' it is rumored that Clement Wragge, the well known meteorologist, has pre dicted the Nor'-West will be visited by a terrific cyclone on March 22.' Why such credence should be placed in this ' rumor ' it is hard to understand, unless it be found j in the fact that many of! Wragge's prognostications have been realised. We can find no justification for the ' rumor/' unless it be in the fact that the ' rumored ' date almost exactly synchronises with the disastrous Kooinbaua blow (March 20/21, 1912), which destroyed so much shipping and lives. Most of us are familiar with Defoe's j description of the horrors of the early hours of Saturday morning, November 27, 1703, when all London rushed out of bed and *' cowered in cel lars,' the tinte when the first Eddystoue lighthouse was de stroyed, together with its designer, and Sir Cloudesley Shovel's fleet was shattered. When one reads 'rumors' vious horrors, it is small wonder the war-worn jumpy nerves of people are upset. We do not think the best interests of the Nor'-West have been served by the pub lication of a mere 'rumor' of this kind.  WARNING OF CYCLONE. WORD FROM WRAGGE. •Perth, Wednesday. The proprietors of the Daily News have received a letter from Mr. Clement Wragg», Chiltern (Vie.), stating that if the Central Weather Bureau in Brisbane iiad been in existence (the annual vote for which did not exceed £1500 pfer annum), three days' warning at least would have been given of tbe recent cyclone ofi the Worth-West coast.  SAYINGS OF TO-DAY AND YESTERDAY. Circumstances alter kisseB.—Caro lyn Wells. Many are men of probity—until you begin to probe.—J. Whitman. The man who can't remember when he was a fool is one yet.—Strickland Gillian. . About the only way a woman can keep a secret is to keep it going Nathan Levey. Woman: A being to run away from, or with—as the case may be.—Elbert Hubbard. Young men, I have to advise ^ou to try to be good rather than great/You'll have less competition.—T. Lawson. The wages of sin is exposure.—Es telle Klauder. A high old time lays many a man low.—Cole Blease. On the door of success is "push," in brass.—Upton Sinclair. Lots of people will take everything for granted, except a hint.—Green wood Lake. 'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all, but it isn't so cheap.—Sam Stimson. The trouble with the average mar ried man is that he doesn't know what a jewel his wife is till he comes to put her in a casket.—General Sickles. "Northerner" writes:—Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain which promises and never comes, it is curious to note I that when Queensland summer rains I come early they slacken' off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it ' Bhould be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this ' is nothing to talk about in those 1 climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which ' doesn't get its ten inches or so of ' rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it- 1 self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it.  FROM VARIOUS SOURCES Running a country newspaper is not all sunshine. A rural editor gives the following hint:—"The fellow who can play billiards, smoke cigars, have six penny drinks, shout for others, trip it to Sydney, go to the races, etc., should not overlook the fact that he owes'us a couple of quid." "D'yer see that there old cove com in' outer Jones' pub?" remarked tha way-back leg-puller to a new arrival. 'Well, 'e's the champeun boozer ov this locality. He's been drunk fur a quarter ov a century, an' if 'a wos ter wake up some mornin' an' find 'imself sober'I do believe the shock would kill 'im. Twelve months ago 'e wos bitten by a tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too." 'Did the man die?" the nsw chum asked. "No," replied the bushman, "but the snake got blind paralytic drunk." Beauty is only skin deep, but curves is curves. "The Secret of Smart Dress," runs a headline in a contemporary. Some of the costumes we have seen recently had nothing secret about them at all. "Johanna" tells this one in the "Bul letin"—An exalted military gentleman in Melbourne found himself beset by I an untidy young woman of about 25 in a suburban street the other morn ing. "You're , ain't you? "Well, Bill can't so to the war." "My good woman, I " "I tell yeh straight. Bill can't go to the war, an' 'e won't, so there. Bill's engaged t' me; then he goes and enlists t' fight the Ger- j mans. Well, he won't go, see. He's said he'll marry me, 'n' he ain't goin' t' get off so easy. I give you my word." Can't you picture Bill in a snow-filled trench, with a bullet in his ! neck, getting off easy? All men are born free and equal, but the majority of them marry later Of troubles connubial, jars and di vorce, This, we believe, Is the fruitfullest source; A man falls in love with a dimple or curl, Then foolishly marries the entire girl. There was a man in our town And he was wondrous small. He bought a big barometer And put it in the hall. And when the mercury went down Because of wind and rain, He climbed on the umbrella stand And shoved it up again. If everybody on earth spoke -the truth and nothing but the truth for twenty-four hours, we should find our selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution the world has ever known. Last week (writes "Gossip," of the "Stock and Station Journal") I had two schoolboys staying with me, who were on their way from Bedale's School, in Petersfield, Hants, to Scot land. I took them to all the things we had time for, including the "White City," and the play of "Grumpy," at the New Theatre. They had the time of their lives. We visited the Tower j of London, and they saw the "Traitor's * Gate," the site of the scaffold where people used to be shortened, the idle soldiers, the ancient "Beefeaters," and all the armor and the guns and swords and crossbows, and weapons, of mur der. They were greatly interested, and when we came out I said, "Now, boys, what interested you most about the Tower? What is the strongest im pression that you bring away from the old place?" The bigger and older of the two (nearly 15) said:—"Well, my strongest impression, after seeing ail the armor and the "weapons of war is that the people of those times were fools." Before I had time to express my views, the younger one said, "Well, we're bigger fools now." "Amen," said I to that, and then we talked! "Northerner" writes:—Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain which promises that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this: is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti-, ' cyclones which spell rain lor the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we j have a wet one. We can do with it.  1VEATEER FORIECASTING HOW IT IS DONE. sir. Clement Wragge's subject on Sat ulrday evening was the "Romance of the Atmosphere." Still again there was a very large audience, publio inturoast be ing easidy sustained to the last of this fascinating aeries of aciejtifce lectures. -Mr. Wragge dealt mainly with the fore- casting of the weather, outlining the car dinal principles ,which have to be observ-. ed in this important work, describing tile collection of the necessary data, an?L showiing how forecasts are made up and issued. No man ,has better authority to lecture upon this branch of meteor ology than Mr. \Vragge, who speaks from 35 years' experience, and was w\onder dully successful in the worrk dllug the lengthy period for whiuh Ihe was in charge of the Queensland Weather Bureau. The -weather concerns us all. It is of vast impor-tance to the mani on the liand, to the naviga'tor, and even to the house wife with a heavy wash on hand. tCon sequently everybody watches vcry closely t'he forecasts that are issued as to the weatifer in store for the different portions of the Commonwealthl,. 3lr. W\ragge divi:decd the work of a weather bureau into three parts-(1l) scasonal Tbreeasting, (2) ordinary forecasting, and (3) the study of the local peculiarities .of Australian climate. Of these, said the lecturer, by far the most illllportant was that of seasonal forecasting". a the future Australia would have droughtls just as she had had in. the past, andl it was obviously of the utmost import; ance that the pastorahlist and others af fected should be forewarned so that they might be able to take the necessary measures of precaution. - Mr. \Vragge txplained that his working hypothesis hi seasonal forecasting, embraced the stuldy of tle pllhysical condition of the ' slll and his maxinnlll and minimum moods, the astronomuical position of the moon, and the perturbations p:oducedl by other planets. Experience showed lthat w?hen the run was at his llmaximumn they hari abunda nt rainfall and good seasons in Australia. The earth unmio takably responded to the vibrations of sun spots1 , which were huge raging cy clones of hydrogen gas. There was a large one in active evidence now. lie saw it on Thursday, and again that day, and in the meantime it had grown considerably, and now w'as 527000 miles across. lie screened a slide s.esigned to show how c-losely curves of sunstorinls, temperature, humidity, rainfall, typhoid, plague, anti small-pox followed one an othler, and argued that they were linleo: one to the other just as was everything else affected by the suno, that great agent of the Infinite. Broadly speaking, tihe phases *of the moon had no influence on the weather, but with the nIlon's astro nomical position it wa5s another matter. the swing of lunar declination-- a swing he likened to t1hat of the peIndllum al ai clock-was a potent factor, for a wide swing meant Inore rain. 'The influcnce of other phlnets also hald to be consider ed, and, guided by these three ba.sic prin clples, ihr. Wragge contended that sea sonal forecasting was perfectly possible. It had been done in India with a fair amount of success, and could and ought to be done in Australia. (Hear, hear.) Ordinary forecasting, that from day to day, 'was quite a different thing. But to aohieve success they must have high level as well as low-level observations; and the lecturer expressed the surprise and regret with which he found that the stations he had established at the sum mnits of Mlounts Wellington and Kosci usko had been abandoned, and that reli. ance was now placed on data gatnered half-way up, observations that were of little or no value as compared with those taken at the top. This was doing things by halves, in which, personally, he had no faith. "I believe," said Mir. lWragge, "in doing things properly and iwell, or in not doing them at all. Look at the United States, where they spend ?f300,000 a year on their weather bu reau. They do things tllere. it was a bitter disappointment to mle when the F1ederal Government, in taking over tlhe Post and Telegraph )Department, discard ed the weather bureau attached to it, and the meteorological servi-, was lknocked into the lee scuppers." By the aid of lantern views the lecturer showed how the collection of meteorological data was accomplished, how it came from every part of Australia and New Zea -land, was reduced to a common stan dard, and in that form usedr to forecast the weather that might be expected. 'This was most interesting, and of educational value. It showed the practical side of meteorological science, and the audilee applauded MItr. Wragge vigorously when hie remarked--"How easy it is to fore cast the weather-when you know how!:'" In. spite of almost insuperable difficul ties Mr. Wragge developted weast-her forc casting to a high pitch, anti was pr1eplar ing to have storm warnings exhibited at every post office and on every mail train throughout Australia when federation came, and smash went his bureau. "Fore casting is said to be very hard," Mr. Wragge went on. "It is nothing of the sort, tlhough they have a council of five now to do what I used to do in half an hour. God bless me, but iin't it funny!" With sonime additional daily dats obtained from witlhout Australia: said I lar. Wragge, thle Commonwealth ought to hIave the finest meteorological service in the wor!d, and it should be possible to forecast with 9S per cent. of accu racy. "See tllhat you get it," concluded the lecturer. In about a fortuight Mr. Wragge, after a country tour, will return to Lanatees ton sad give another lecture on an astro- I nomical subject.  A. ES; _:''i 1857 TUESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1918. Mr J. A. Coghlan, fireman, of Ara rat, last week enlisted in Melbourne for active. service.. The Town Clerk has received notice to the effect that Wednesday, 6th Feb ruary; has been gazetted a public holt day at Ararat in connection with the races.. "Doc" Oates, son of Mrs Phillips, of the George Hotel, was in Ararat on final leaveat 'the. weekE end. He re turned to Melbourne yesterday after noiss. Ciesiea;Ryan, of Araiat, daugh ter. of "Mr M. Ryan; is: at present, en gaged on a- painting of Our Lady, which is to. be presented to St. Pat rick's Roman Catholic Church, Nhill. There was a duplication of the after boon- train. from -Melbourne to Ararat yesterday, and also from Ararat to Melbourne.' By the second train from Melbourne there were very few passen gers, but both . trains for Melbourne carried a large number of passengers. Following a prolonged spell of sea sonably hot weather a- cool 'change was experienced on Sunday last, and though no rain fell-the- temperature lowered rapidly,- the conditions' at night being almost wintry. : The change, it is need less to. say, was appreciated by all. On Saturday last Messrs H. Dodd and Son submitted to anction: the ?pub lican's booth in connection with. the Ararat races, to be held on Wednes .day, 6th. February. There were -two competitors, and the privilege was knocked down to Mr A.: M'Donald, of the Terminus Hotel, for £20. - - . It is announced by advertisement- in this issue that the anti-consciiptionists of Ararat are holding a monster- picnic next Sunday at Mount Mistake. ; Al ready a large number of tickets have been disposed of, and there is every reason to believe that there will be' a large attendance. - .A party of anglers swho paid a visit to Lake Bolac yesterday enjoyed a spirited day's sport... Four fishermen laided no- less than 140 'fine -fish the catch including 40 perch, some weigh ing from- 2k to 3 lbs. each, 20 tench and 80 eels. At Crowlands Mr W. Timmins caught two fine Murray. cod, one weighing 23 lbs.-and the other 5 lbs. Miss O. Bristow, daughter of the late Mr G. B. N. Bristow and Mrs Bristow, of Pomonal, is receiving the congratulations of her many friends on her engagement to Mr Lawrence Welch, who was for some time engineer of the State Rivers and Water Supply Commission in connec- tion with the Black Swamp scheme. The fortnightly meeting of the Ara rat Borough Council will be held at the Council Chambers, Town Hall, to morrow evening, at. seven .o'clock. There will be someno important business to transact at the meeting. Mr Smith, engineer in connection with the Ara rat water supply scheme, will submit a report, and the notice of motion by Cr Irwin, seeking power to raise the rates charged for electric light cur rent, will come on for consideration. Yesterday leing Foundation Day it .was observed as a close'holiday by the business people of the town, and the .Government and banking institutions. The only attraction was the holding of ,an excursion to Mount William, or ganised by the Moyston branch of the A.N.A., assisted by the Aarrat branch and other organisations. A fair.num. bher of people from Ararat. journeyed Put to the mount, joining there-large numbers of people from Moyston -and other places. The .weather was-:fine, and somewhat- dusty at Ararat. There Swere no attractions in .Ararat proper, and throughout the whole 'day the town wore a very quiot appearance. Although an appreciation in values of cereals has been almosf general last. week, the tendency. is'foi still-higher prices. At a. meeting of the Borung council reference was made to the rapidity with which rabbits were . increasing throughout the shire.---It was stated that the pest . is .worse at, present than it had been for many: years. The first of the fourteen' wooden vessels which are being constructed in America to the order- of the -Common vealth Governmeiit .willit is announe ed, be launched, in all probability, at the end, of next week. At Port Hedland, Western Australia, on Thursday last, after a shade -tem perature of 120 degrees, the most:.vio lent ''wily willy". yet experienced struck the. town, and damaged a num ber of sheds, outhouses and boats. . All trading vehicles using roads tak en over by the Country Roads Board are required to have the tare painted on the sides. The board is now con templating the enforcement of the. law, but has. decidei to first give traders a warning Circulars to thiseffect are being forwarded to the variois as sociations. ' SSome damage?uas eauised by a bush fire whichbroke'out on theCaralioe'e road, about four ;?iiles from St.: 'r naud.' Between 200 and 100 acies ?of grsss were. '"e.troyed ,as we;ll- ,as'a quantity of fencing, the sufferers being Messrs M'Kenny, Perry, Wright, and Lynch. "The fire: erossed the railway line a couploe hbf': times iind 'about half a mile of the departmient's fencing was burnt. SThie decrees of tho Roman Catholic Church concerning the sacrament of matrimony have been read and ex plained at all the Masses at St. Patriek's Cathedral, Melbourne, and ,other Roman Catholic Churches throughout Melbourne. Mixed mar riages are discouraged in every way by the church, and the preachers, in eulphasising this, stated that the ma. jority of those who had contracted mixed marriages led unhappy lives. Investigations made by the Common weaolth Statistician (Mr Knibbs) show that -the rprices of groceries during Do comber were lower in all States com. pared with the previous month, due to the reduction in the price of potatoes. The prices of meat were slightly low. er in Noew South Wales and Victoria, while there was an increase in the ag. .gregate cost of dairy produce -in all States through an advance in the -price of eggs. A petition signed by returned sol. diers was recently presented tu his XExcelleney the Govereorx, 8 Airuri Atanley, praying t hat the" ntna of death passed on Albert.Edward.Budd for the murder of his sister-in-law be commuted to .ipprisonment, upon the ground that. Budd hadserved the coun try at the Pr6nt. A special meeting of the State. Cabinet .was held on Sat-. ourday to eonsider the matter, when it wee decided to recommend hi~ .cseel lency not to accede to the. request. of the petition. The execution of Budd will therefore take place this morning. After three years residence in the Northern .Territory,. and after -having travelled overland in. midsummer-from Darwin to Melbourne, Mr Justie' Be van, of the Northern Territory,'bears no outward trace of either the alleged injurious effects of the climate of the Northern Territory, or of his arduous journey. "I found that the climate agreed with me very well," he said on Friday ."I think that if a man lives wisely, and takes plenty of exer cise, there is no reason why heoshould not keep in perfectly good health in that part of the country." The following resolution was adopt ed at the half yearly meeting of the Independent Order of Rechabites on the motion of Mr Rouget, J.P.:---That representations be made to the Prime Minister urging him to withdraw the promise made to find shipping space for wine, in view of the urgent need there is to send all food we can to help the Allies in their time of scar city." Condemnation was also express ed of the action-of the State Premier in cabling to the Agent-General asking for provision for the shipment of wine to England. The resolution was un anirmously carried. It-is expected that within the next four weeks drilling for petroleum will commence on the Glenleigh Estate, about three miles from Penrith, N.S.W. Operations will be conducted on be half of the Industrial. Boring Company of New South Wales. Mr 'Guy Ah drews, the petroleum expert in',charge, has thoroughly examined the' Penrith district, and says that the possibilities of- flowing wells of oil are so. great that they have. upset, all fheories. of. the Government geologists. He is of the - opinion .that, great quantities of p?itroletim gas exist near 'the Nepean River. Surface oil, .ho`-saye,- he- dis covered there in' many places. " The liresent will be theb first attempt, to sink a.. deep oil well' in Australia. - .According to latest accounts, Mr Cle ment :Wragge, also known .at:times as' "'Incleinent'-: :Wragge; is conducting a. Tropieal Gardens' and Institute as, a holiday. resort,. at Birkenhead, oNewi Zealand:. Some years ago Mr Wragge was well known all over Australia -.as a :weather forecaster whose weatherpre dictions give.rise; to;nuch amusement. not necessarily becaiuse' :they,, were wrong, but ::ifor the reason- that they were: invariably placed before thg- pijba lie in a striking, and,ofteni entertaining manner.; Whatever..; his meritg,as' a meteorologist, Wragg? was an excellent showminan.., Such terms as " 'moni soon," "cyclone,' ,"'depression," and "disturbance": had' no: attractions for him. He preferred to call the cyclone, 'fR"Hughes;'.' the depressiopn "Irvine'.;. 'or the -disturba:inee ".Mannix '; or whatever names were prominent in the political world at the time. .Thei the public would . get a ;pronounecment something like this:-'Prepare for the worst--'Mannix'--- or it might have been, 'Barton'--is coming. Drought stares the farmer in the faee.Con serve your sip.plies of water immfdiat ely, for there are days of trial ahead."; If the ,drought . came, Wragge ;would adopt the attitude of.'"I told you so." If-. it ;did not,:, Wragge lapsell into obscurity. Only ".temporarily, how ever, for like the politicians, .Wragge invariably "came back' .at.-the first opportunity.. It is said-that the.gar dens at Birlienhead suggest a gcrner of the South Sea Islands, aind that-visi tors find much. entertainments l.uhis description of the constellationc. : .  . Seasons and Solar Systems. MR. SVRAGGB'B HHMJ FORECAST. WHEN "'WILDBRNESSEIS BECOME SAUL0NG EDEN6." (Sydn&yj "Sun."| . Some remarks eMrtbutied to Mr. Clement L. Wrag^e, wihose nssne as a meteoerolQgist Is known the world over, by a Melbourne paper a abort while ago, "csat a gloam," ae the liaatli notices oay, over the Jammers and pastarallsts of AwBtmleaia. But it seems that Mr. Wna©ge did not say tvhat hie is said mo have ss>d, bo, this moralng he set himself ri#it wtthl those gentiepiea who toliaw the cutt at tbe land, sheep, bone, or can, as a profession, and Mlfe tbe oenmtry gen ewflly. Said the big cttltef Weather prophet bertrwegn plp^puBs end re-lights. "A tew weeks «e» I game a forecast to the Melbourne "Age," and stated that between 1510 and 1916, or ait Hie utmost 191G, Oit> ratataU'ln Australia as. a whole would toll below the anrer tage. Sudh la iiaden&ood by the word 'drought,' remembering tUat drought, meteorologically understood, means precipitation under the average amount, and does not necessarily Im ply euch a drought as that .which waa experienced In 1901-2. I further gta»j ted, at Implied, that tibe tailing under the average (05 'drought') would be more pronounced In the island dis tricts of Australia than would be the case near the coast; and Chat U pastor lists, farmers, and others were rtk they would not ovenatocik, but would conserve water while It Is yet here, and would certainly make ensilage and store up tedder Instead of burning It and letting It go to waste. Bueh teaching. It would be uoderettwd, 1b thoroughly In Harmony with the parable at the 10 -virgins, five of whom were wise, and five were foolish. KO PROPHECY OF "SEVERS DROUHOT." "Ifow, the report was Immediately clrculat^, and particularly la Glpps lnnd and pjrts at.New South Wales, that Mr. M'lagge had spid that Aus tralia was on the ere ot six years o( 'severe drought.' 1 never.used those words, and stllictly adhere to what has already been said In the foregoing namely, that a deficiency ot rainfall, more or less, Will tie experienced With in or during the period named, and this is the very best that meteorologic al science can give at this present stage In the history ot weather Btudy" "On what do you base your con clusions, Mr. Wragge 7" "My answer la threefold. To fore cast seasons one muat'etudy first the physical condition ot the sun, with re spect to what are known as Us max ima and minima moods; secondly,.the astronomical position ot the moon, anjd the swing ot lunar decUmaitiUm North and South Irom the equator, which produces tides in the atmos phere analogous to those produced in the ocean; and thirdly, tile perturba tions produced on this planet, and its atmosphere by the astronomical po sitions ot our teltow-plaoets. This latter is very complex, and for the sub-; Ject of our interview may be practical ly waived. "To speak particularly with respect to the sun. It is now well known that that subtle medium caBed the ether, by which wireless telegraphy becomes possible, is, in reality, tlio all-pervading ocean of electricity that links together everything that 1b In the vast abysses of the eternal heavens called the Supra-Buiverse-and every thing that 1B In the profundities of the Infr^-Universe-toy which is meant the &lt; atoms, molecules, germs, corpuscles, and electrons. In a word, everything is linked up by the ethor, and every thing forms part End parcel at every- ? thing else; and it is ell the mme story from the ccipuacle to the mighty ran Canopus. And, as our sun, milliards of years ago, was burled off from a tmacj! of distinguishing nebula, bo was this eartti cast off from the sun by a progess analogous to the disintegration ot the radium atom about 900,000,000 years ago, as far as science can. at. prese&t Ht the period, and the moon in its turn waa hurled off the Girth. Our fellow-planets, also, were hurtled Into space from the solar orb at dif ferent periods In the history ot our solar system. WIRELSSS TO THE SUN. "Bearing In mind, then, what lias al ready been said, It will ait ones be con. coded that the earth and the sun are in hannony, or linked up by 'wireless-' through 93 millions of miles, .ind they a.s the eroal hydrogen flames leapt from the sun's photosphere to a height «veu exceeding 334,000 miles, and as (he ereot storms, called sun spots, break out, some bsvlne diameters of from 80,000 to 80,000 miles, hurl OS vibrations or pulsations to the very ether ltaelt which are analogous to Marconi waives. Such may also be likened-to give a popular Idea-to the wares formed In water when a 'stone Is thrown' in. Under the Tltandc etherlc wares hurled off by the sun, this eaitth'throbs and pulsates exactly as a telegraph wire under the hand of the operator. Vibrations wltk respect to this planet act In much tflie same war as a controller acts to an pmrlniv fit tilie one Utile 'drfl/wtag the strings' to use an expression-and at another Jetting lham loose. Tftey are there fore Immediately raBg>onslbUe tor the volcanic eruptions, the earthquakes, - I tidal wajves, and huntaanes, and not only displace aJloureraje.'but also, and very especially, tor abnonnalliUes In seasons-as droughts, famines, floods, end good passages;' the prevalence or otherwise of certain diseases also oome under th&lt;> Influence." SOLAR VIBRATIONS AMD SEASONS, "What lias led you to conclude that Mie Bolar vibrations off oat (lie see eons?" "Well, I have been a student of salar physlca for about 86 ycon, and tio have prated that tvfeefc Jp at bds aaxtouHn eaeBCT tto^idUi ul «lie SouMuern. he&lephors iriprar tnS avosage, and fitsrwteea iUi» am is tin« der tbe mfirinmim tafluanoe Had ssaaapA prwvall in tbeflooatoann berofcehge^ and partloitlarly to AwtnaMn^JiMflh, bjf Its pecuMar geosnajpMoal ipaaltton, fa partrtcutaay oiaciepdMa to Mar te-. finance. The very twostte WCTrtU« Inl 4ho Nortlhsra hemi^Mte, ani the Wo hemtsphemoB respond In opposite MOT to itibe sun's oondlnkHiB, emcQgr as WS ihave opposite circulation ot.thd around the cyclones sod anM-flUMiWKW In the Northern and Soatb-^ ern ibemlsirtieres respectively. Ow ing *ha iimnrlini"" off . .. Mat sun, moreover, eartfajifflfas MM! vol canic aotton, with dmughit, sue (Mb uUmly jnariftjd hi tbe Northern bead sphere, while tie Soufflwni bomtapheM In then mare or less in a state ad' seismic rest, wttti good-nosowm Wto* the minimum of liio suii """m en* or Is BvolTing-tor It is-a gradut^praodaa -then earthquakes jnd tokaatoaatMi begin to fall off In the Nuritam baat Bphero, tind the isCnlaU. ts go ofe white dartiluius^es and sGdsnric. osUoifl bocoma more markedta (to BuMllW hamlsphere. It is cdy Tunmuiyy td go back into recent Htotxxny. lbs oat of the .sojar nwrrttinnmoooujTgd-ln 1M6, and since then, to 1409, the mjaxfaufltai has been gradually feUtag oil 'by . series otuninor crtste. But sat JO! mt aggrefiUJto the marlimmn eartot'Mll heen abnormally «»n'i>i«if ?».. «m*i owing to a d&rlt sua orza)MJfMUJil body sotting on our^bum I THE BOOM ; "Oast your minds bade JtHo history, and tills hjigkttfliiv found to have been MflUadjtc tor. Remember the April, 1905, la Inrtfa, j ?at the height ot Its i , sequent. eartJuriabos III" Formosa; the disastrous I qua&e of a tow jn Vesuvius &lt;was In full &lt; Franciscan and Wee4 quakes, and othere, iudattng i the South of France aiul in , And be It said that on &lt; cited great upheavals a In the sun. During period, moreover, ren have said, a tenlbte &lt; . _ In Spain end In other paiitscf ] especially la South if"'-"1 _ where, as the cabletiaiaa parents were foncei) 4» wU tMfr.fM) offspring for bread; Uuad tbit im the Mancluirl&n drought ftD-i ftjttjgf the while Australia, don'ttoiief,' enjoying good season* " '* ~ " condition has since baa. the minimum trough, vMtdo'i We find the conditions ] actly reversed, namely, flood# Jftj floods In Paris, in Iti" * ~ Europe; floods In Eni floods In Japan, involving I pounds damage, end 1 America-and parttauinUr;; mite Valley. Meajithna, " Ing Influence of the >eg)ar i now attanttag Auiil i iilsifci HwSjfri ready. In certain puis, stance, Glppsland, tile OtH lu New Zealand and , rainfall has fallen unfl* Am and eartluiuake ectlon I' is evidenced by (the seism ographs at the bourne, and Path Obsgl. .'When yomr original coming ralafetil del a few years ago, I1 ed that 1810 'would -b4 j "Yes, I did, and I i would, be about 1912,1 not aware of the extraneous oosmhl influence thait acted to prolong abnoa> mally the marliwrm mood at the eun1. And thus I have to add on two yttue at least, and make the 'drought,' ml undRr-fche-averege, period between OH during the closing jnut ot 1910 and ttw end of 1916. f'Wtti IiOOKlNG THE BITIffiS. "?ou will understand that this b ? big subject, and one most eibaarblnglji Interesting to ail Australians, and It M ' difficult to do full Justice to tt In an ordinary nt-^epaper Interview. If a country .would euooeed, It &lt;Bn only bt by its people bringing themsstoes ifo harmony withcosmic law, which ohm enables a nation to master its tate and fulfil Its destiny. Therefore, and speaking from the scientific and lug lea! point o! view, I argue that It will be more statesmanlike and raiUonal tor the Federal Government to spend tba money intended far Yfiae-Oanbeira on plucklly takinK the conditions in bud vtith a masterly grip, and ladling the rlrera, such as the Murray and Its trib utaries, the Meranna, the- Warrego, and the Darling, end others, and oonserve water. WiUt this &lt;&e caunteyoould be Irrigated, and the wilderness mad* to emlle like Eden. The climate could thus be modified, neutralising on tUs one band the efleots of die hot, barn« ing wind, and on the obher modifying to an extent the oold bustera from KM South. THE! COMING SHOE/rAC®. "Do you think, Mr. Wiegge, tflat-tta deficiency In rainfall wMch. you. diet between 1610 and 1916 will be W severe as tile l!H>l-2 drought ?" "No, as far as oan be seen. It will not, because the second actor, namely, the astronomical position, at the moon Is operating against the incoming mln-. 1 inurn mood of tie sun. The evlnB of lunar declination has increased, au$ is increasing. Thus the vibraliona. of the atmosphere, particularly.. oral oceanic aroae, will be lifted in (fee torn of tides to the upper regions, there to be condensed Into a certain amount** rain by the' cold, . btgb-prenM systems, disregarding the atfterence-of treasure due to difference in ttwkjtft It wJll thus be uadaabood that the moon Is acting against the sua. Bat the sun has the flnt say In the matter. TheraEore, there will be the deflclemgi In rainfall within or during tbe yean I have already stated, Q.E.D, "Let burners and paetarallsta Miert, be wise, and follow my - advice. Tbens is no neel for alarm. Let their prayso be:-"Great Architect of the Dnireiw, give me wisdom; let me dam and uott serve the walars and (odder." .... "Such," said tbe tartuneteHer ot.thi elements, concluding, "is true logkv tuid I oan say no more."  CORRESPONDENCE« (We do not hold ourselves raspon 1 sible for the opinions expressed by our correspondents.) METEOROLOGICAL, STATIONS. ' (To tho Editor "Post" and "Herald.") Sir,-A paragraph appeared in a Melbourne paper o£ the 17th Sep- tember, which stated that Senator Maughan had requested in the Sen ate that "a more efficient system of weather warning stations should be established in the cyclonic arcas along the Queensland coast." In this connection, I would ask *hat has happened to the most complete chains of oHsfrving sta- tions that I personally established there, and equipped with the best instruments that London can pro- duce when I was in charge of the Queensland meteorological service ? f read further that Mr. ' Hunt "has completed arrangements that will I make Brisbane an up-to-date meteor Iological station, equipped with in- struments specially made to suit the northern climate." Surely-.there.;--is ? such a thing as justice in Austra- lia, and in that sacred cause pray .MIffg ug^r^peafcNaaav^.WaîujBÎ, my life's work gone for nothing ? For 16 years I was head, of : the Queensland Meteorological Depart- ment, and during that time I estab- lished, as thc Hon. Robert Philp fully admitted, "a meteorological and weather warning system second to none in the world." The Brisbane station was Srst-claas in every, res- pect when I had charge, and in ig- noring this a cruel wrong has been done to me. Is all my work ir Queensland, faithfully done to thc last item, to be thus negatived, and not a word of credit accorded ' Storms were warned and forecasts issued by me that were verified t&lt; 95 per cent, in accuracy, and not only was this done for Queensland but for, every;., part of j Australasia as the people will remember. Ant all this on an annual vote c £1500, as ' against £22,000, I bc lieve, now expended bj' the Federe Weather Bureau. Great goodness .what do; they, do' with tho -mohey The Koombana went down, and s did. the Yongala without, it a] pears, a word of warning. Th Commonwealth Meteorologist a fO' days ago performed grotesque e: periments in Melbourne, showir how the latter steamer foundered. Mr. Hunt talks of i'nstrumen specially suited to the northern c mate. This is mere tnoonshin Standard instruments such as I .ca ployed and personally fixed in pos tion over the whole of Quecnslan including Cape York Peninsula, ai the far west, are available' ¿il t world over, and the sooner t Minister in charçje realises this, ai asks a few questions, the better will be for ^ lb«a;Uó««rto«''-??'??.> though the heavens fall ! I guarantee that if¡ I were residí either at Cairns, Townsville, Bow Mackay, or Rockhampton during . hurricane season, with my o private instruments, not a sto should- slip through my fingers wi out most ample warning be given. In conclusion, I am v&lt; decidedly of opinion that, in exi ing circumstances, a special weat bureau should be established North Queensland, say at'Cairns Townsville, entirely independent Commonwealth control, and sooner it is done the better..:.Sui Queensland' will listen to my voil -Yours, etc.. CLEMENT L. WRAGGE, F.R.G.S.,_F.R. Met. Soc., etc. Late Government Meteorologist of Queensland.  A SUN SPOT PROPHET. ^Newspapers in England, it ap pears are advertising 'the Austral ian Drought' in terms and descrip tions calculated to scare all our in-' tending emigrants to frost-bound Canada. Faithful followers oi Clement Wragge recall that some dozen years a.go he predicted a big drought about this time ; but then he applied that prediction to West- - em Australia. — which is having a imore than ordinarily good season, i The) fact is, that this year's aridity is mainly confined! to the richest and usually most moist regions ot Eastern Australia. Hence it causes proportionally far heavier losses in crops and stock than would be suf fered, in poorer and dryer districts. Henco also the bitterness of the wails of Eastern graziers and agri culturists, who* by force1 of long periods of prosperity, had com© to regard iheir country as. drought proof; though now they are deeply, direly indignant on learning that misguided London papers are call ing Australia 'A Land of Skele tons.' However, the fickle winds of the Pacific — which for some occult reason lor months past have de clined to bring rain clouds to the great mountain chain of Eastern Australia — are now telegraphically reported to have resumed work. The pluvial strike is over ; the cloud Conference lias dissolved ; New England and Gippsland are onc« more moist and muddy. Meteor ology ia the youngest of the sciences, and as yet is unable to account sat isfactorily for climatic and atmo spheric vagaries ; but the predomin ating theory is that sun spots are responsible for meteorological devi ations from normal ?conditions. They are magnetic storms on the gaseous incandescent surface of the sun, anil are certainly proven to have great influence on terrestrial magnetism, which in its turn influ ences somehow or other, our atmos pheric conditions. Some years ago when droughts ajid heat waves af flicted the Southern Hemisphere during the surruraer months, an as tronomical professor of European renown hazarded the theory th-ac the isun spots were due toi those ir responsible -asteroids the Leonids. These hacL lie surmised, collided with and carried off a quantity ut matter from Saturn's rings.andthis. projected into the sun, had created abnormal combustions on its sur face. This theory fell absolutely Hat; and except for a cablegram to Australia it was practically still born. Bufc sun spots continue to de velop, and astronomers continue to watci and map these breaks in the photospheric clouds, which enable them to get a glimpse of the real solar disc. They are of all sizes — from a. few hundred to 50,000 miles in diameter. The largest on recoru (February, 1905) was elliptical in shape, and 109,000 by 63,000 miles in dimensions. But even such mam moth spots — though easily visible to the naked eye 92,000,000 miles dis tant — are but small pimples on the face of an orb which has a super ficial area 11.900 times, and a vol ?ime l,-°»00,0OO times greater than tiiijj little eaa-th. The results of con tinued obscrva.tii.ons since 1851, show thai, the sunspote run in cycles, the av.er.age. periodicity of vhi.oh, is 11 years. Tins cycle is divided into | two periods, one of increasing ac-j' livity lasting 4?v years, and the1! other oi: decreasing activity lasting j Gv.- years. What causes those mag-! nctic storms, and what law governs j theiv periodicity is still a mystery— j to scientific investigators. But. in j the United States — the country par ! excellence ol pseudo-scientists — it' prophet has arisen at St. Paul' a. m i the State of Minnesota- He announ- j ces himself as 'Professor of Sun ; Spots' and warns the world, :inu especially America^ to look out for squalls^ — cyclones, and bliz- , zards, floods ' an-d frosts, eartn- ? quakes and volcanic eruptions — on or after .December 17 of this year of: grace. These disasters, . Professor . Planta declares, will be due to the development of a sun-spofc big enough to be seen with the naked eye, and engulf the whole earth : the flaming gases of the sun will leap thousands of miles into space ; and a tornado of electro-magnetic energy will be discharged on our terrestrial atmosphere. This is in teresting, if not terrifying; but, as a matter of fact, sun-spots that could swallow the earth, that can be seen without a telescope, and that send eruptive flames thousands of miles into space, are every-year ? occur rences. They do not produce any terrestrial cataclysms — they are a trifle of 92 millions of miles distant from us. However, the Minnesota ; professor is more rational than pre- ; ceding American prophets, who ; have, times and again, fixed the end of the world to arrive on a fixed ; date, afc a given liour and minute — : and have induced thousands of fools to believe it. December 17, and following, is an excellent date to fix for blizzards, frosts and floods in the United States. That is about their period of happening. Then, again, imder „ the sun-spot* perodicity theory, the cycle of maximum activity is relatively near at hand. But the Minnesota pro fessor scorns periodicity. He bases his prophecy on the old astrological theory of planetarv influences. i A few centimes ago people had \ their nativities cast and their horo- ! scopes calculated, and believed, ! more or less, that their fortunes : and actions depended upon the con- ; junctions or opposition of Venus, j Mercury, Mars, Jupiter, etc. Later, j wihen this astrological bubble was j completely burst, astronomers who j could not account for sun-spots, be- j gan to investigate them from the j view point of planetary influence, j But that theory could not stand the impact of ascertained and tabulated J facts. The Minnesota prophet, ; however, holds this belief in ex- ' celsis ; and his December 17 cata- i cylsni is predicted because on or | about that date Mercury, Venus, J Mars, Jupiter, Saturn and Neptune j will all be on one side of the sun, I and nearly in line. Uranus — which ! is a trifle of 1781 million miles dis tant from the sun — will be on the j other side. The seven planets ] (Neptune. 2791 million miles away, . is not reckoned) are to take a com- j bined magnetic pull at the solar j photosphere, ' and create the mam- j moth, sun-spots, while the earth, at \ right angles to the pullers, is to re- j ?ceive the full brunt of the magnetic I storm thus created. Scientists and ] astronomers laugh ^ to scorn _ the ] Minnesota, prophecies, as sustained j by neither rationalities, facts nor ; possibilities. But human nature j is credulous — not to sav gullible — ! and in America, at all events, thou- i sands of people will get stiff necks i on December 17 looking for . sun- ; spots, possibly, too, insurance com- j panies will do a brisker business j than usual in storm, flood, and ; earthquake risks. Australian be- ; lievers in Planta — if any there be — j may derive consolation from the re- ! flection that the Federal elections i will be over before the sun-spots i and its storms come along: .and ( also that Australia, as a whole. 'can i take all the rain that sun-spots or J planets can bring it — and be grate- i ful therefor. j  looking Ahead MR. WEAGGB'S FOREOAST. Mr. Wrag«e has computed forecasts for the seasons of Australia up till 1930, and these, he says, are applicable to Now Zealand, with slight) modifica tions, owing to physical and geugraphi cal reasons. Daring 1914 and part) of 1915, he says, the rainfall, t'akinsf Australasia as a whole, will be under the average. This by no means implies that there will be no rain. On the contrary, good intervening rains will occur, and the last part of this period ' will be better than the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards, the rainfall . will markedly increase, and from 1916 to 1920, inclusive, -the seasons will- be distinctly good, with abundanb pre cipifcation. After 1920 She . rainfall will begin to steadily fall off, and the worst part of the next great ' under-average ' period will be 1923 and 1924. Australian* will be Just. fieri in calling thab a drought. In 1925, matters will begin to improve, and good seasons will pre vail frooo 1925 to 1930.' These; forecasts, explained Mr. Wragge, are mainly- based on the physical condition of the sun with respect to its maxima and min;.ma moods, moving in cycles of eleven i years. Just now we are nearing the ' erd of the solar minimum — or the j period when v.he fearful cyclonic wiads round the sun, of which we on earth j hs d no conception, were leasb violeob. j The maximum period would com- i mtence at the end of 1915, and until then, although he did noo except the seasons to be so bad as they had been, i abnormal raice must nob be anticipated, j Intervening ( rains in New Zealand t should give a heavier fall than in Australia. In the drought he pre dicted, New Zealand would not suffer to the same extent as Australia, owing to i-s climate being Hnsular, whereas that of the latter was continental. -  OFFICIAL WARNINGS. Without commenting upon the prediction of Mr.Wragge in New Zealand that there wiould be a renewal of cyclonic disturbances in Queenlsland before 1st April, the officials of. the Commonwealth Meteorological B-a reau point out that no prophetic instinct was necessary to render such a general prediction possible.' For years past the publicattions of the bureau had shown by maps and bulletins that the thdrricane sea son for the north-east coast of Queensland extends from January to April, and that the rain and storm periods for practically all parts of the Commonwealth have been ascertained as thce result of many years' experience and the collection of data by thousands of observers. Forecasts in vague general terms were of little value to mari ners and the mercantile community. What the people of North Queensland and. the traders and mariners needed were specific warnings. The burea. used every effort to supl)ly 'these, together witih implicit in structions to shipping. Four days' notice had been given of the Mackay storm, and a waring concerning the cyclone reported in "The Age" of Tuesday had been issued on Friday last 'his latter warning also had been supplemented by detailed instructions on Sunday.  WEATHER WARNING STATIONS. . TO THE EDITOR. Sir,— I see that Senator Maughan has ro-: quested In the Senate that "a moro offlclent' system of weather warnlug stations Bhould be established In the cyclonic areas along tho Queensland const." In thlB connection . I would ask what has happened to tho most complete chains of observing stations that I personally: established there, aud equipped with tho best instruments that London can produce, wbeu I Mina In rt Vin turn nf fltn nitnflnolfl nfl TnotnGPnUHnnl service. I read further that Mr. Hunt 1/is completed arrangemonts .that, "will mako Bris bane un up-to-date meteorological station,1 oqulppod with instruments specially made to suit tbo northern climate." Surely tlioro Is such a thing as justice In Australia, and in that sacred causa pray allow mo to speak. Hbb the best of my life's work gone for nothing? For 16 years I was head of. the Queensland weather service; and - during' that tirno I established there (as Mr. Robert Philp, a former Promior, fully admitted) "a' moteorologlcal and wealhor warning system second to nono lu tho world." Tho Brisbane Btation was first class in ovory respect when I had charge. Is all my work, faithfully done to tho last Item, to bo thus nogatlvod? StormB' were warned and forecasts issued by mo that were verlflod to 05 per cent. In accuracy, and; not onry was. this done for Queensland, but for every part of Australia, as tho people will re-' member. And all this on an annual vote of 111500, as against the £22,000, I, bellovc, now oxponded by Uw Federal ' Weather Bureau.; Great goodness! What "do they do . with the. money? Tho Koombana went down, and so did the Yongala, and not a word of warning was given ot the storms that wrecked those vessels liy. the officers of tbo now burenu, who have just been performing grotosquo experi ments in Melbourne showing how the latter vessel foundered. i Mr. Hunt talks of instruments specially suit-; ed to tho northern climate. This Is mere moonshine. Standard Instruments such as I employed nnd personally fixed in position -over tho wliolo of Queensland. Including Cape York- Pohinsula nnd the far west, are nvnilablo all tho world, over, and tlio sooner the Ministor. iu charge ronllses this and asks a fihv ques tions the bettor it will be for a long-suffering public and shipping. Lot justico bo done, though tho heavens fall. — Yours, etc., CLEMENT WRAGGE. F.R.G.S., F.R. Met. Soc., Lnto Govt. Motcorologlst of Queensland. - Melbourne, September 23.  MR. WRAGGE AND METEOR- OLOGY. TO THE EDITOR. Sir,-A paragraph, appeared in a Mol bonrne paper of the 17th instant which stated that Senator Maughan bad re- quested in the Senate that "a more effi- cient system of weaUicr-warning stations should be established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast." In this connection I would ask what has happened to the most complete chains of Observing stations that I personally established there, and equipped with the best Instruments that London could pro- duce, when I was in charge of the QueenrJand Meteorological Service ? 1 read further that Mr. Hunt has "com- pleted arrangements that will make Bris- bane an up-to-date meteorological - sta- tion, equipped with instruments special- ly made to suit the Northern .eUiinato.'' Surely there is such a thing as Justice in Australia, and in that sacred cause pray allow me to speak. Has the best of my life's work gone for nothing ? Poi 10 years I was head of the Queensland Meteorological Department, and during that time I established, as the Hon. Robt. Philp freely admitted, "a meteoro- logical and weather-warning system sec- ond to none in the world." The Brisbane station was first-class in every respect ahern I had charge, and in ignoring this I a cruel wrong has been done to me. le all my work, faithfully done to the last Item linder most trying circumstances, to be thus negatived, and not a word of credit accorded in my declining years 7 Stormn were warned nud forecaats issued by me that were veritled to 95 per cent, in accuracy, and not only was this done for Queensland, but for every part of Australasia, us the people will remem- ber. And all this, on nu annnal vote of £1500. na against £22,000 (I believe) now expended by the Federal Weather Bureau. Great goodness I What do they do with the money ? The Koombana went down, and so did the Yongala, without a word of warning by the CornmoDwealtb Meteorologist, who, a few days ago, per- formed cruelly grotesque experiments in Melbourne showing, bow the latter steamer foundered. Mr., Hunt talk» of In- struments specially suited to the North em climat«. Thia la mere moaMMnt ,j Standard instruments, such as I em- ployed, and personally fixed In position over the whole of Queensland, Including Capo York Peninsula, and tho for West, are available al! the world over, and the sooner the Minister in charge realises this and asks a few questions the better it will bo for a long-suffering public and shipping. Let justice be done though tho heavens fall. Surely Queensland*, to which I de- voted the liest years of my lile, will listen to my voice«.-I am, air, &c. CLEMENT L. WRAGGH, FJUÎ.8., F.tt. Met. Soc, &c., late Gorvernment Meteorologist of Queens- land, Melbourne, September 23.  MR. \WRAGGE'S PREDICTION. RENEWAL OF CYCLONE FORETOLD. In Auckland on 3rd ,February Mr. Cle ment Wragge, the well-known Australian meteorologist, predicted that further atmospheric disturbances would occur in the southern tropics, including the north ern portion of New Zealand. "Atmospheric conditions," Mr. Wragge said, "are very perturbed within lower lati tu(des than that of Auckland, cspecially over all North Carpe, the Kermadecs, Tonga, Fiji, New Caledonia, Norfolk Island, and the coasts of. Queensland and New South Wales. A close watch should be kept on barometer. The disastrous storms in Queensland, coupled with the floods, are sufficient indication of the general type of weather, and in various parts of the east ern half of Australia there may, and-pro bably will, be a renewal of such before Ist April, hence every precaution should be taken. As stated in Jinunary, the coast of W? estern .mAustralia, north from Sharlk Bay, may. be affected by winds of the hurricaine type, and the pearling fleets should be on the alert. I am confirmed in the opinion that the southern edges of the tropical dis turblances will pass further south than usual, and their penmbrnae may even ex tend to the Bay of Plenty and Hawke's Bay-, N.Z., under curren t, from between south-east, east, north-east and north, I shifting westerly, blow ing strong, and with a very considerable rainfall, before two mouths have elapsed. These conditions "are 'imainly . due ' to abnormal sorar: in. fluienee."  WHEN WRAOCE WAS THERE. When drought devastates of « yrlones mg*», the thoughts of many yueenttlandera tvm to t'l«nwTit Wragge {incleoieut!.. why, way baiA: in the nineties limd to -vciibwy — usually with i-emarffable aeturary, but *?ometinus badlv misaiiut the bull's eye— of weather fair or foul. Even when his prophede* — ptm^ti — Wm jjjy~~t*te«*twe— loving sect ion of the public forgave the weather prophet because of the diarru of bis lan&iiagt1 ; aud only tlie Philietiues who supply 'ifc» meat or the ww-t maiket. ever let their angry ptts&ioiis rise wh.cn Wiagge 'misused itjagtub.' ? —~fn remettibertnil .^caggc for bis liteiature m well as for hfi preaomed intimatv with the clerk of tha wi»tbei-. soaao may remem bei-'hia tiWlt volume, *?Jlle IJottianee of the South 8eaK,' published in I90o- AjsswiaJcjl with tlie latter strain of rtmembraiiee will he gome curiosity to know whether France had ivfornwd her convict system befoi-e the war, or whether, if d»e has in .Ujat .connec- tion still Ipft v^mtr^fao&f i|m^r~^bH« she i nght to liave done, die wiil.fmicQait w inform it now. Om* » convict, always n convict was ati early SgKh oeitt^ry f^»cb official dittuni, and even when free of bolts, lads and cliaioB a 'libere' ighmiriis ww^dfc bmpded as a comic-t, and is socially trended as such. Wragge foand in cjttetence in New Caledonia, in 1905, » convict svatetn ecvcj'e and cruel, in which, as a substitute for the lash, there -%vasjthe fitjquentiv aud lengthily Imposed system ot iohtatj -C^^ne^ ment. The load gang By«tentJouij»}ifl«i»' voltiiigly, and tbe nuuupu}a,tor of the |^i- lotine lies pi«vwiti»dt by 0i*-' freqtie&cy ^ executions, from ioeing a nice precision In blsTrr.' WrjjtggeyoT ~tH^Howeiiy jjhrase *fitf ' beauty -loving eve, lov^d the sceneij and \1io~ New Caledonian version* of .His t«*^ rainlli«r7tlie wealheiybpt to spoke a plauT man's mind to Fiance in regaiti to Uie character of -her convict sjstem. Query which wane more recent traveller may be able to anpwei : Is that j\ stem any better HOW^ _._.„..?.. ^..^..^^ _____ . ? _ ?  A PROPHET'S PREDICTIONS. Heat Waves, Cyclones, and. 'Quakes. Anstrnb'ii.'i is in for a bad tunc- Past disasters will pale into insignificance if the predictions of tho latest prophet or even a minimum of them—come to pass. And there is always a chance that one may strike it right, and establish a re putation for accurate foresight. Many weather prophets have arisen m Australia of late years, but they have been content to stop at predicting for a year ahead. To Barmcdinan, however, belongs the honor of producing a prophet who has eclipsed the predictions of ill the names known to Australia. Egeson, Russell, Wragge, Hunt, and the man from Moree are not now in it. The new man is silent as to his system. It may be as simple and as convincing as aching corns in the act of foretelUng 'rain. But whatever it is, neither time nor distance checks its efficacy. Tsobaric pressure, high level stations, kites, baro metric observations, and the like, which are believed to figure largely in the ela boration of the forecast of a day or so, have been overshadowed. Even Zadkiel, Old Moore, and the other great prcdicters, have contented them selves with hazarding the doings of a day, but the Barmedman prophet's prs dictions are enough to iirnkc the boldest of Australia's citizens shiver in his shoes. Neither Mr nor Mr Wade, nor the Egyptian plagues, could promise greater disasters than Mr 11. Walsh, of Barmedman, who writes un der date. May 2, as follows: — "During the first part of 191S there will be great heat waves, causing many deaths cyclonic disturbances, causing towns'and shipping to be seriously af fected, and devastating floods, causing great loss of life and property. "Droughty conditions will rule more or less until 1918. Then there will be a return to a succession of good seasons. There will be an earthquake in New Zea land in the year 19U2; and an earthquake in Australia before 1917; and, owing to the great depression is about to af fect this country, free or assisted immi oration to Australia will cease in 1913. The great drought of 1912 will continue untirthc end of this year.—(Signed) H. Walsh, the Barmedman Weather Pro phet."  Settled Till 1930. DRY AND WET SEASONS. In these days (says the Sydney "Even ing News"), when those once honoured prophets of the weather— the corns " and gouty limbs of our elders— have given place to scientific forecast, the farming , community hangs . with bated breath upon the utterances of the exports. The Auckland "Star," copies of width arrived hv the .steamer Riverina, inter- viewed Mr. Clement Wragge, F.R.G.S.— the one-time Queensland Government meteorologist, and the foreteller of the j disastrous Australian droughts— at his home at Birkenhead the other day. ' Mr. Wragge willinglv acquiesced . when asked it, lie would venture a forecast. The celebrated weather prophet lives in intimate communion with the weather 1 portents. An odd-looking barometer was : at his ' elbow in his queer, workshop-. ' like study ; shelves of „ meteorological" tomes lined the room. Outside was a box like structure which,' to the uninitiated might have been a meat safe or a bird cage. It was, in fact, 'a miniature oh- servatory.in which clockwork and elec trical instruments registered the vagaries of the atmosphere, or turned.- turtle, bv an alarm arrangement, to tell the state of the temperature at a given time of nights. THE ELUSIVE SUNSPOT. The meteorologist fetched a huge tele scope, fonnidable as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting rays ot the sun, and allowed a bright hait-crown oi light from the lens— the: photograph of tho sun— to play on the white blotting pud. "No sunspots and no rain just yet," was his rueful verdict. "I've been expect ing one just lately. ..It should appear to-morrow or the next day on the edge of the sun, und when it works to tho centre, conditions will be favourable to rnin." Tiie prophet next gave the barometer a professional rap, jotted down a figure, and dubiously said "I'mpli." Producing a chart of the 'Australasian regions, he went outside to test the direction oi the wind and to find the lav of tho low atmos pheric pressure region, and then com mence to rapidly draw wavy "isobars" on the chart. LOOKING AHEAD. Mr. Wragge has computed forecasts for the seasons of Australia till 1U3U, and these, lie says, arc applicable tu" New | Zealand, with slight modifications, owing to physical and geographical reasons. During 1914 and part of 1915, lie says, the rainfall, taking Australasia as ' a whole, will lie under the avcrago. This by no means implies that there will be no ruin. On the contrary, good intervening rains will occur, and the lust part of this period will be better than the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards, the rainfall will markedly increase, and from 1916 to 1920 inclusive, the seasons will he distinctly good, with abundant pre cipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to steadily fall off, and the worst part of the next great under average period will lie 1923 and 1924. Australians will be justified in calling that a drought. In 1925, matters will begin to improve, and good seasons will provail from l92o to 1930. These forecasts, explained Sir. Wrqgge, urc mainly based on the physical Condi- - tion of the sun with respect to its maxima and minima moods, mov ing in cycles of 11 years. Just now. wo arc Hearing the pud c of the solar minimum— or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, ot which we on earth had no conception, ; were least violent/ The maximum period would commence at the end of 1915, and until then, ,al- . . : though he did not expect the seasons to lie so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must not be anticipated. Intervenn . ing rains in New Zealand should give a heavier fall than in Australia. In the droughts lie predicted. New Zealand would not suffer to the same extent as Aus tralia, owing' to its climate being in sular, whereas that of tho latter was continental. >. "Yes," said Senator Graphtor, with a I deep sigh, "I often yearn deeply for the joys of private life." "Well, by George, senator." said one of his fellow-towns-", men, enthusiastically, "Nobody deserves to he returned to tiiem more than you do !"  All About People: Tittle Tattle i Speaking at the annual meeting of. St John's poor School, Kent-street, on Saturday afternoon, «v his Grace the Archbishop of Sydney, said: 'If it were left to our Sydney news papers — apart from our weekly Catholic pa pers — we would have strange ideas of Ire land. To-day we heard that the LordLieu tenant of Ireland was attacked by. people who were determined to take away his life. . Well, a short time ago, I was told that the Archbishop of Dublin, where this thing oc curred, wrote a letter, warning the Govern ment that By establishing military regime, denying the people trial by jury, denying them the right of meeting, denying them the right even of singing songs, and by bringing in a reign of tyranny, they were driving Trie people to underground conspi racies, ahd tie only issue from that was crime. That was not reported in our Sydney 'cTaily papers. » ? « ? His Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne was not allowed much rest on his trip to New South Wales. He looked tired on Tuesday night, 16th inst., until he warmed up to his subject, and the responsive spirit of the vast audience re-acted on him. Then we visualised the 'Dr. Mannix' who manages to get on the nerves of the 'Argus.' He got on the nerves of . a Sydney newspaper man, who made an interjection which, five minutes later, he might have regretted. On Wed nesday and Thursday the Archbishop was busy at the school break-ups, and on Friday he returned to Hughesoporis, to re-commence his work of educating the democracy next day. ' ' / ? ? ? ? TEe Right Rev. Dr. Shiel (Bishop of Rock harapton) proposes to leave Sydney by the Indarra, on February 14, next on a visit to Rome and Ireland, and expects to be absent for twelve frib'nths. For nearly six years he has presided over the diocese of Roekhamp ton. He is beloved by all his flock in all parishes of the diocese, and by none more so than the rising Catholic generation, and it is the fervent and general hope that Bi shop Shiel will long be pemitted to remain to guide the destinies of the Church wise ly and with loving care in his very import ant diocese of Rockhampton. ? ? ? Mr. Ashford, who gave the lie to Bishop Hayden in regard to the Western Lands ad ministration a few weeks _ago, is up against an interesting problem. Recently he visit ed the soldiers' settlement at Mirool, and said that the secretaries of the various camps were well satisfied with what the State Government was doing. Whereupon one of the secretaries replies, that not only did he personaly complain to Mr. Ash ford about the insufficiency of the allot ments, but handed him the report of a meet ing of soldier settlers which condemned the Government methods. It is up to Mr. Ash ford to explain. Will he call the soldier a liar? ? * ir ? His Lordship Bishop Hayden must be well pleased at the result of his exposure of the Western lanJs scandal. 'Not only wore his contentions supported by leading mem bers of the Legislative Council, but a Com mission appointed by that body is obtain ing startling evidence in support of his statement that millions of acres of arable land are locked up in the possession of pas toralists at a peppercorn rental. The mat ter must be taken up seriously by the new Parliament. When the electors kill Holman ism, and a strong country party is return ed, we will be able to do something for the outback settlers. c The Very Rev. Father M. J. O'Reilly, CM. (Rector of St. John's College, within the University), left for New Zealand on Thursday by the Maheno. He is to give re treats in the Auckland dior-cse. ?» ? ? « Tho Rome correspondent of the London 'Tablet' takes the London correspondent of the Catholic 'Comoro d 'Italia' severe ly to task for saying in one of its recent issues: 'The English Government has never for a moment lost sight of what was its first and perhaps its only reason for going to war with Germany — industrial and commercial competition.' The editor of the 'Corriere' shouldn't be saying dis agreeable little things like fiis. Does he not know that the Allied Powers went to war to preserve civilisation, to make the world safe for democracy, to crush mili tarism, to protect small nations, and so forth? Nobody has any excuse for not knowing what everybody else knows — or, at least, has been told often enough to know. If the 'Argus' 'sees the 'Cor- riere,' which is unlikely, it will probably JSUU!' . . .. . ? accuse Archbishop Mannix of writing the article, oven though the 'Corriere' got it from England. ? ? » * Although this State cannot find money to pay its legitimate debts, Mr. Holman still trots' out his fantastic schemes for spending money. Thirty years ago Mr. Goodchap, with Government approval; pro mised railway men a gratuity. It has not been paid, on the pretext that Government has no money, and the railwayman are ask ed to take about half-a-crown in the £ as full satisfaction for their- claim. Mean while; the Premier announced on Monday that tho Government had formulated a scheme to encourage Australian literature. Mr. Holman said the proposal was to buy the copyright of literary work by- local writers which was considered of sufficient merit. The decision on this point would rest with a committee, which would include representatives of the Government, the University, proprietary and working jour nalism, science, the booksellers of the State, and some author of recognised merit. The committee would examine each original work of the year, and recommend the . pur chase of the best. There is no need for this idiotic project. Books of merit can easily find publishers, and, indeed, books, with out any merit whatever, are often snapped up. These Government boards become mere ly instruments for boodle. Where Our Saviour was Born; The Church of the Nativity, Bethlehem. It is remarkable what piffle politicians will talk when they want to get out of a light corner. The Federal elections were not a week past, when Sir Joseph Cook began to argue that profiteeii^g was an il lusory charge. ' ' Look at railway fares up 20 per cent.,' said Joe, and consider what noble, high-minded men the Railway Com missioners are. Joseph evidently thinks very meanly of the intelligence of his constitu ents. Railways are meant to be public con veniences first, and profit-making concerns afterwards. Besides, the Railways are un der divided rule. Politicians like Mr. Ball will butt in with their special lines; dead beads have to be carried; inefficient officers, with a pull, must be pushed ahead; unnec essary expenditure on Ministerial luxuries are undertaken. Increases of fares will not make the railways pay. Last year the receipts from railways and tramways were less than the previous year, because the in creases in fares compelled the workers to live in the congested parts of the city. In 1920, if tho fares are increased, people will trans fer from first to second class, or else come nearer in. But that kind of thing does not worry Joe Cook. His present job is to show that the profiteer is really a fine fellow. If he isn 't allowed to profiteer, he can 't con tribute to the jingo campaign funds. ? * * ? Mr. G. E. Bryant 's special prize of £5 5s, awarded annually for proficiency in theological studies, occasions keen compe tition among the students of St. Patrick's College, Manly. This year it was won by Mr. V. Cleary, of Brisbane, whose thesis on tho Pontificate pi' Gregory VII., was much admired by the keenly-critical audience. Mr. Bryant was, unfortunately, not able to at tend the prize distribution on Thursday. Once again, as in the days of St. Colum banus, the Irish stand at the head of the Apostolic work of Catholicity. The great missionary Orders, whose ? work 'extends all over the world, are fitted 'with able Irish priests, who are valiantly doing the work over which, until recently, French, German, Italian, or Spanish ecclesiastics presided. jFav ther Magennis is 'the first Irish General of tho Carmelites; Father Murray, General of tho Redomptorists; the late Father. Flem- ing was Acting-General of the Franciscans. Dr. O 'Gorman is Actfng-Gen'eral of the Augustinians. The Dominicans have never had an Irish General, nor, we believe, have the Jesuits. # . # #? ? ? Cabled to the 'Sun' that the Prince of Wales, in an impressive speech at the Man sion House, said that he was convinced that Great Britain was not played out. This as surance from such a high and disinterested quarter will relieve the minds of the anxi ous loyalists, who have been swallowing the impressive cablegrams about Ireland during the past week or two. ' We have no idea of the people to whom this princely pro nouncement is a challenge, or whether Bob Smillie or De Valera, or Senator Lodge will consider that the distinguished orator is giving them a snub. All we known is that the speech was 'impressive.' That in it self is noteworthy, when we take everything into consideration. The daily papers seem to have mixed up English and Irish news badly during the past few days. At one time they tell us about a motor-bandit who held up banks and shops at the revolver point, while his colleagues grab the cash, and then they wander off on propaganda stuff to say that: 'The fear that the worst chaos is develop ing in Ireland is reflected in tho large daily lists of crimes, the latest of which have been committed by a band of mysterious mounted highwaymen, who are looting way farers in the south-eastern provinces.' Im agine that kind of thing going on in the midst of 100,000 armed soldiers and police men, and you will wonder what fools the press-gang consider Australians to be. ? ? ? o Notwithstanding that Ireland is suppos ed to be seething with crime, the London ' ' TTnies, ' ' Ireland 's most malignant enemy, appeals to the Government to lift the mar tial law, and the 'Daily News' bitterly remarks: 'A Ludendorff mind is in supremo control.' Would it be a wonder under the circumstances if the Irish acted as the Bel gians did when other Ludendorff minds had them under martial law. Our daily papers cannot find words strong enough to praise the conduct of the Belgians. ? ? ? ? Mr. M. T. Madigan, who for many years was a telegraphist at William-street, and for the past three years at Edgecliff, was presented by Mr. S. W. Hill, postmaster at the latter office, on behalf of the staff, with a gold-mounted fountain-pen, and a silver inkstand, suitably inscribed. Mr. Madigan has retired from the post office and gone into business with his son, who is a chemist, at Bondi Junction. The late Mr. Samuel MeCauley; Comptrol ler-General of Prisons in Now South Wales, who died at his home, 'The Craigs,' Bland street, Ashficld, on Thursday morning, was one of the most notable men in the State Public ?[ Service. He was 59 years . of age, ' and had' suffered much during a prolonged' illness. Al though' Mr. McCauley had held the office of Comptroller-General for about five years, he had held responsible positions for a lengthy period, and his constant aim was reform and improvement in eve'ry direc tion whore there were openings. Born at Newtown, Mr. McCauley joined the Public - Service at the age of 16 years, his first appointment being as a junior clerk in tho office of the Comptroller-General of Pri sons. On January 1, 1887, he became chief clerk at Darlinghurst' Gaol, then under the governship of the late Sir John Cecil Read. The necessity for placing the book keeping of the department on a stable and uniform basis having arisen, Mr. McCauley was appointed accountant and examiner at the Comptroller-General 's office in 1891, and entrusted with the work of inspecting tho gaol3, and introducing a new bookkeeping synteni. He was appointed Inspector of Pri sons on January 1, 1896. On August 9, 1897, Mr. McCauley was appointed Deputy Comp troller and Inspector of Prisons. On May 1, 1914, he was . appointed Comptroller General. Mr. McCauley was a member of various committees and sub-boards whicl- inquired into the methods of obtaining sup plies for the Public Service, allowances and rates of pay to lunacy and charities depart ments and to gaol warders, and- allowances and emoluments of Public Service officers. Ho was a member of the Stores Supply Com mittee, which controls the supplies for the Public Service. » * ♦ ? *u.i. ^u.tvjauiuj' o auuiimouutiuu uj. tuu ill sona Department was marked by consider able ability. He was able to reduce the stuff and increase production, and his rule inspired confidence in his officers, and dis played justice and humanity towards the unfortunates under his charge. On many oc casions Mr. McCauley visited the import ant penal establishments of the various States of the Commonwealth, and in 1901 he visited the United Kingdom, France, and Italy, examining the methods of treatment of prisoners. During his visit to England ho saw the finger-print system of identification, which had just previously been introduced there, and it was then introduced not only into New South Wales, but also in the other States. Reading tho tributes paid to him by leading politicians, we cannot forget that his promotion was retarded for many years by the most objectionable influences. After a Requiem Mass, the funeral left St. Vin cent Js Church, Ashfield, on Friday morn ing, for Waverley Cemetery. — E.I.P. O e ? ? In keeping with the practice of former years, a number of employees at the New port (Vic.) railway workshops recently subscribed the sum of £62 as a Christmas gift to the Little Sisters of the Poor In stitution, Northcote,^. as a remembrance of the good work carried out by that body. On Sunday last a large number of those inter ested in the laudable movement, together with members of their families, visited tho home, and placed the offering, together with an additional sum of £5 12s, which was col lected in the Toom, in the hands of the au flinrifina A nnnnlifv n-P + nV»cinnr» tirno nlcn distributed amongst the men in the home. The Rev. Mother expressed her thanks for tho donations, which, she said, would as sist her to carry on tho work of the insti tution in caring for the aged people. ? ? ♦ ? 9 At the Lismore Cathedral on Saturday last, the Right Rev. Monsignor McGuire celebrated the marriage of Edward Charles Navin and Mary Valerie Sutherland, both well-known and respected residents &nbsp; of Lismore. &nbsp; ? e ? g On the 12th inst., at the annual concert and presentation of prizes, &c, of tho Mun gallala State School (Q.), the pupils took tho opportunity of publicly showing the esteem in which they hold their head teacher, Mr. J. R. McSweeney, by presenting him, prior to his Christmas holidays, with a beautiful ink-stand, suitably inscribed. In making the presentation, the elder pupils hoped that their teacher would remain long aqfbngst them. Mr. McSweeney warmlv thanked tho children. The Rev. Father Falconer, P.P., who was to have presided, was ill in hospi tal. Mr. McSweeney has done excellent work with his pupils in general, and has also prepared the Catholic children for the Sac raments. He possesses one of the finest chil dren 's choirs in Western Queensland, who sing tfie Mass in Latin on the occasions of tho priest's visit. He is a brother of the lato 'Teddy' McSweeney, of the Q.T.C., and is as well: and popularly known in the west as wns his brother in the metropolis. ? ? ? ? Some astonishment was created by tho report that the Dublin 'Freeman's Jour nal' was suppressed last week. The 'Freo- man's Journal' has had little or no influ ence in Ireland for some years, owing to its opposition to the Sinn Fein movement. It was frequently in low water, and, as we stated recently, at last went into liquida tion. By the last files we find that th& old 'Freeman's Journal' company was wound up, and the paper sold to Mr. Mar tin Fitzgerald as a going concern for £32,000. Mr. Fitzgerald may have put some life into it. ? ? ? ? The members of the Lismore Catholie Club Teeently presented Mr. T. J. Doolan with a souvenir of their esteem on his approaching marriage.. Mr. Doojan has been treasurer of the club for some years, and has always manifested a keen interest in its progress and welfare; the club members showed their appreciation of his work by last week 's gift. The president, the Eight Eev. Monsignor McGuire and many of the mem bers expressed their best wishes for his fu ture happiness. ? ? O ? Warwick (Q.) is becoming historical for its eruptive tendencies, and, no doubt, it felt that- when Mr. Clement Wrag^e pro phesied that the earth would wobble on Wednesday, something was expected of it. Therefore, on Wednesday afternoon, a ter rific cyclone broke over Warwick. Hailstones' as big as political eggs, fell everywhere. The storm wrenched the Church of England awry, unroofed a bank, and so; lire to a pub. Previous eruptions are quite thrown into the background. The Commonwealth police should certainly inquire into this matter, and the political views of Mr. Wragge might be obtained. Mr. T. J. Eyan, and Mr. Hughes no doubt, can prove an alibi; but Theodore and Fihelly are still in charge of Queensland. ? ? ? ? Any public man may accidentally calum niate his fellow-men; but when an honest man makes the slip, he is ready to apo logise. General Sir Frederick Maurice has set a good example; but though his conduct is praised in many English papers, we have not seen one Australian daily paper hold him up to emulation. Writing recently in the London 'Daily News' Sir Frederick said: Long before the elder Moltke created the Germaa General Staff another great militarist had founded n great and powerful society. I^oyola taught his fol lowers that the end justifies the means, and Ludendorff and his colleagues, in other times and for other pur poses, adopted the principle of the Jesuits. An explanation lias followed the writing and publication of this falsehood. 'I wrote the passage,' said General Maurice after wards, 'with my mind upon Ludendorff rather than upon the Jesuits, and I did not verify my references, as I should have done;' another way of saying that the general accepted a lit' which has been cur rent for centuries, and which is still re peated daily. He added: 'I have now in vestigated to the best of my ability the long-continued controversy which has raged between the Jesuits and their opponents on this question, and I have been unable to find that there is any evidence that Loyola taught his followers that the end justifies the means. I, therefore, desire to withdraw that statement, and to apologise for hav ing made it.' Handsome enough; but how many amongst General Maurice's fel low-countrymen and 'Australian admirers will follow his example. ? ? ? ? The Republic of San Marino is t'ic oldest democratic form of government in the world. According to reliable legend, a stone cutter by the name of Marinus came to the Mount of II Titano about the year 350. His visit was not only to ply his trade, but to preach the gospel of Christ. At that time the mount belonged to Felicissima, a Eimin ese lady. At her death she bequeathed it to the mountaineers with the prayer that they always remain united. This was the beginning 'of the little republic that was named after the stonecutter. Saint Marinus The independence of San Marino was re cognised by the Holy See in 1291. For sev eral centuries it had a chequered career. The lords of MonU'feltro, the Malatesta of Eimini and the lords of Urbino attempted to conquer the little country, but they were repulsed. The independence of San Marino was recognised by the King of Italy on March 22, 1862. Since that time cordial re lations have existed between San Marino and the Italian Government. The republic of Sau Marino occupies only 38 square miles, and has a population of about 10,000 souls. The government, is both simple and just. There is a general council of 60 members, who are elected for life. They are chosen from the different elements among the people. From these, two consuls are elected for six months. The council has legislative powers, and from its members is selected the great council of twelve, which is the supreme court of the land. It is hard lv necessary to add that the entire popu lation of San Marino is Catholic,  SAYINGS OP TO-DAY AND YESTERDAY. Circumstances alter kisses.—Caro lyn Wells. Many are men of probity—until you begin to probe.-—J. Whitman. The man who can't, remember when he was a fool is one yet.—Strickland Gillian. About the only way a woman can keep a secret is to keep it going.— Nathan Levey. Woman: A being to run away from, or with—as the case may be.—Elbert Hubbard. Young men, I have to advise you to try to be good rather than great. You'll have less competition.—T. Lawson. The wages of sin is exposure.—Es telle Klauder. A high old time lays many a man low.—Cole Blease. On the door of success is "push," in brass.—Upton Sinclair. Lots of people will take everything for granted, except a hint.—Green-" wood Lake. 'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all, but it isn't so cheap.—Sam Stimson. The trouble with the average mar ried man is that he doesn't know what a jewel his wife is till he comes to put her in a casket.—General Sickles. "Northerner" writes:—Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain which promises and never comes,, it is curious to note that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr.-Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing., to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact i remains that the mfmsoons are early this season, ''and if history repeats it self. we are going to have a summer .broken up by Southern Ocean anti cyclones :wh'Kfh spell rain for the ■south, of- tk« continent. The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it. It isn't so much that a woman wouldn't, but she hates to think that you think she would:  The Weather. MR. WRAGGE AND THE SUN SPOTS. In these days when those once honored prophets of the weather- the corns aid gouty limbs ot our elders-have given place to scientific forecast, the farming community hangs with bated breath upon the utterance of the experts. The Auckland (N.Z.) 'Star' in- terviewed Mr. Clement Wragge, F.R.G.S.-the one-time Queensland Government meteorologist, and the foreteller of the disastrous Aus- tralian droughts-at his home at Birkenhead the other day. Mr. Wragge willingly acquiesced when asked if he could venture a forecast. The celebrated weather Prophet lives in intimate communion with thle weathler portents. An odd- looking barometer was at his elbow in his queer, workshop-like study; shelves of meteoro!ogical tomes lined the room. Outside was a box like structure which, to the uninitilated, might have been a meat safe or a bird cage. It was, in fact, a mini- ture observatory, in which clock work and electrical instrunents re- gistered thle vagaries of the atmo- sphere, or turned turtle, by an alarm arrangement, to tell the state of the temperature at a given time o' night. The Elusivc Sunspot. Thie meteorologist fetched a huge telescope, formidable as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting rays of the sun, and allowed a bright half-crown of light from the lens- the photograph of the sun-to play on a white blotting pad. "No sunspots and no rain just yet," -was the ruefull verdict "I've been expecting one just lately. It should appear shortly on the edge of the sun, and when it works to the centre conditions will be favorble to rain." The prophet next gave the bar- ometer a :professional rap, jotted down a figure, and dubiously said "Umph." Producing a chart of the Australasian regions, he went outside to test the direction of the wind and to find the lay of the low at- -mospheric pressure region and then commernces to rapidly draw wavy "isobars" on the chart. Looking Ahead. Mr. Wragge has computed fore- casts for the seasons of Australia up till, 1930, and these he says, are applicable to New Zealand, with slight modifications owing to the physical and goegraphical reasons. During 1914 and part of 1915, he says, the rainfall, taking Austral- asia as a whole will be under the average. This by no means implies that there will be no rain. On the contrary, good intervening rains will occur, and the last part of this period will be better than the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards the rainfall will markedly increase, and froim 1916 to 19220, inclusive, the seasons will be distinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to steadily fall off, and the worst part of the next great "under ave- age" period will be 1923 and 1924. Australians will be justified in call- ing that a drought. In 1925 mat- ters will begin to improve, and good seasons will prevail from 1926 to 1930. These forecasts, explained Mr. Wragge, are mainly based on the physical conditions of the sun wiith respect of its maxima and minima moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we are nearing the end of the solar minimum-or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we on earth have no conception, were least violent. The maximum period would com- mence at the end ol 1915, and until then, although he did not expect the seasons to be so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must not be anticipated. Intervening rains in New Zealand should give a heavier fall than in Australia. In the droughts he predicted, New Zealand would not suffer to the same extent as Australia, owing to its climate being insular, whereas that of the latter was continental.  " WADE," AND " M'GOWEN " ? Sir. Clement L. Wragge, tho distinguished meterologist, will, during his ptay in Sydney, issue an exclusive forecast daily for "Tlie Sun." He had something more to say concerning tlie disturbances "Wade" and "McGotv&lt; and he predicts "rising temperatu: iu Sydney—presumably in Maequarie street. He writes :— Conditions as we write are full'of potent meaning to him who can hear the music of the isobars. Over Southern Victoria is an anti-cyclonic or high pressure nucleus, the slopes from which covcr the easu-rn half of the continent, implvjng generally line weather «>ver all that area, thus including Sydnev. during the earlv future. The &lt;omro of "Wilde" is 0fT the Bluff, and "Mcfiowt'ii" is looming up, full of mischief, over the ocean south-cast from the Ixs?uwin, Oddly enough, those two disturbances are linked together in the up}>er "fifties" by nn arterial vein of low pressure, after tho fiiAhion of the Siamese twin?, and the result in higli southern latitudes will l>e heavy westerly blows, with 6mftiR and hackings between uorth nud south, while thfc.\vhal&lt;v birds look on and enjoy tho fan. " fore five days have expired "MoGow will have reached the meridian of Sydney, and his approach will be heralded by rising temperatures and northor- !y currents along! the southern seaboard betweeu Kangaroo Island nnd Gabo, affecting also inland districts. Altogether, the mcterological chessboa I'd is replete with interest, and from our conning tower in tho city, aided hv out instniments.wo shall serenolv watch the course of events. Now is t)ie time for good sea passages between Adelaide Vnrt Jackson, aim Queensland i>orte. CLEMENT h . WUAOGE. September 6, 1911.  WARRAGUL, AUGUST, 30, 1910. Mr Clement Wragge F.R.G.S., who is generally acknowledged to be the greatest authority in Australasia on meteorology and weather forecasting, informed his audience at the Warragul public hall last week that there was a vital and direct connection between the conditions prevailing on the sun, and the atmospheric and seismio. dis turbances of our own planet. What are popularly known as "sun spots" are really violent cyclonic cataclysms, taking place in the atmosphere of the sun as the result of internal convul sions, the magnitude and energy of which we can form no adequate con ception. These explosive outbursts which create in the sun atmos pheric vortices fifty and even eighty thousand miles in diameter, project magnetic waves-on exactly the same principle as the Marconi wireless tele graphic waves-with such fearful velo city that they reach our earth-a dis tance of 93,000,000 miles-in the course of a few hours and invariably produce magnetic phenqmena, of which the aurora borealis, tidal waves, cyclones, floods and earthquakes are the visible effects. These sun storms are periodic. The maxima occurred in 1905 and rain is always abundant at such periods. Then there is a reversion to the minima when rain is scarce and this period was approach ing now, but as the last maxima was unduly prolonged the minimum would not be reached until 1915. Every agriculturist should prepare for this period of dryness, for although the predicted "drought" would not be so severe as on the last occasion, owing to the influence of other planetary bodies, M1r Wragge advises the farmers to make ample provision for it. At first the mention of the connection between "Sun spots" and atmospheric conditions on the earth, seemed so remote, that the audience might well be excused for failing to realise its significance, but when the talented lecturer explained the thesis upon which he based his calculations, enabling him to forecast so accurately, the scientific fact of solar influence upon earth conditions was made more clearly manifest. Wireless telegraphy materially helped to illustrate the wonderful effect of the ether waves, which are caused by the tremendous magnetic upheavals in the sun, and the inconceivable velocity with which they travel, as well as their pronounced effect upon earth condi tions, when they strike this planet. The lecture, which is reported else where, altogether, was an intellectual treat, and the audience were fre quently filled with amazement at the marvellous revelations of the stellar universe,'laid bare by the aid of our most powerful telescopes. No science reveals the stupendor.s might and majesty of the siderial universe and its august Creator, like that of astron omy, and a two and a half hour's lec ture on the marvellous photographic illustrations of the heavens, such as that given by Mr Wragge last week, must inevitably exercise an ennobling and uplifting effect upon every mind that is capable of such exalted influ ence.  'Correspondence. WEATHER WARNING STATIONS. (To the Editor.) Sir,— A paragraph appeared In a Melbourne paper of the 17lh Inst, which stated that Senntor Maughan had requested in the Senate that 'a more efficient system of weather warning stations should *be estab lished in the cyclonic areas along the I Queensland coast. In this connection I would ask: What' has happened to the most complete chains of observing stations that I persinally established there, and equipped with the best in- struments that London can produce, when I was In charge of the Queens land Meteorological service? I read further that Mr Hunt has completed arrangement! that will make Brisbane an up-to-date meteorological station equipped with Instruments specially made to suit the Northern climate.' Surely there is such a thiong as justice in Australia, and In that sacred cause pray allow me to speak. Has the best of my life's work gone for nothing? For 16 years I was head of the Queens land Meteorological Department, and during that time I established, as the Hon. Robert Philp freely admitted, 'a meteorological and weather warning system second to none In the world.' The Brisbane station was first-class in every respect when I had charge, and in ignoring this a cruel wrong has been done to me. Is all my work In Queensland — faithfully done to the last Item — to be thus negatived and not a word of credit accorded? Storms were warned and forecasts issued by me that were verified to 95 per cent. In accuracy and r.ot only wan thin done for Queensland, but for every part of Australasia as the people will remember. And all this on an annual vote of £1500 as against £22,000, I be lieve, now expended by the Federal Weather Bureau. Great Goodness! what do they do with the money? The Koombana went down and so did the Yongala without. It appears, a word of warning by tbe Commonwealth Me teorologist, who, a few days ago, per formed grotesque experiments In Melbourne showing how the latter steamer foundered. Mr Hunt talks of Instruments specially suited to the northern climate. This is mere moon shine. Standard Instruments such as I employed and personally fixed In position over the whole of Queensland, Including Cape Cork Peninsula and the far west, are available all the world over and the sooner the Minis ter In charge realises this and asks a few questions the better It will be for a long-suffering public and ship- ping. Let justice be done, though the heavens fall. I guarantee that If I were resident at either Rockhampton, Mac kay, Bowen, Townsville, or Cairns during the hurricane season with my own private Instruments — not a storm should slip through my finger, with out most ample warning being given and I am very decidedly of opinion that In existing circumstances a special Weather Bureau should be estab lished in North Queensland, say at Townsville or Cairns, entirely lndepen- dent of Commonwealth control, and the sooner It is done the better Surely Queensland will listen to my vpoice! — Yours, etc., CLEMENT WRAGGE, F.B.Q.S. F. R.Met. So., etc. Late Government Meteorologist of Queensland), Federal Palace Hotel, Melbourne Sep enber 24. [Unquestionably tho weather war- ings are not as satisfactory as they were 15 years ago, largely because the control of both services has been trans ferred to the Commonwealth. In State days all North Queensland ralnfalls were displayed dally at the telegraphic offices at the various ports, and such Inland centres as Charters Towers, Ravenswood, Hughenden, Winton, Cloncurry, etc. Now all rainfalls have to be sent to Brisbane, and are not wired north except at press rates. In the cyclonic season the telegraph ofllclals, who are observers, communicate with Brisbane only, and as the telegraph lines are then generally mixed up, delay In the warnings Is caused. Red tape largely smothers the undoubted value of the weather observations. Sometimes a. night forecast is issued from Brisbane for the next day in urgent cases. What is wanted is that weather observers between Mackay and Cooktown should be urged to communicate direct with telegraphic and newspaper offices on the North east coast when suspicious or ominous indications are noted. The information would get prompt publicity even if it did dodge Brisbane tape and sealing wax. Public anxiety Is so great up north during weather disturbances that newspapers are only too keen to make the Information public by means of extras and otherwise. In our opin ion the weather observations are satis factory, but the means for publicity are defective. It is only fair, however, to the Meteorological Department to men tion, that the Yongala had barely cleared Flat Top when telegraphic ad vice was received at Mackay of the big disturbance northwards. Last year to, in the Cairns cyclone the shipping was fully warned by the department of the danger of going out to sea — Ed, T.D.B]  PUBLISHED DAILY. ECHUCA : SATUBBAY, SEFTIUHIKK 17, 1910. WEATHER PROPHECIES. Jin. Ci.kmen't Wi!.\c;tir. has some of tlio ways of the inimitable showman, though nothing of that kind is ordinarily looked for, from n person wko has occupied the position of astronomer alid meteorologist. He is on p. lengthy lecturing tour, nnel lie manages in one way or another to keep his name well bofone; the public; Doubt less if huwero " still . a Government meteorologist lio would content himself with giving effect to dignified humor in some of his weather reports, such for in stance as one of :those prophecies with1 which the Delphian oracle of old Vas able to please all classes of His devotees and which might be construed into any - par-.: ticular meaning that the devotee de sired. Mr.. AVragge has gone into the .prophesying business, but as ho does it? on a large and generous scale without: fee or remuneration, excopt the adver tising it gives him, lie. is not likely, to be interviewed by representatives'of the lawr in tlie interests of pubile welfare, and ? general. .pencti; Mr. Wragge's weathor J 'forecasts are regarded with .rt certain amount of .respect 1 rom the ordinary .','man-in-tlie-street" because: he gained a. reputation, rightly or wrongly, . somo .years ago, when meteorologist to the Queensland Government, for weather pre dictions. The .most successful of tlieso wero tlio impending changes which might' bo expected within a lew days and tlio coming prevalence of gales and cyclonic,' disturbances;' IIo then gained the sou briquet of "Wet 'Wragge." No doubt sea captains and tlioso whose business it was to go down "011 the deep" were studying weather: and forecasts, and par ticularly indications of- "bad weather," to such an extent that it became some what of a monomania with'tliein, and Mr. Wragge'a . vaticinations .regarding "wot and ?'stormy" affected their minds much more than his other predictions of "line weather," which was probably of more interest to the pleasure seeker on land who failed utterly!.to regard it with the importance that it deserved. . Mr. Wragge has either undergone a chango in liis meteorological proclivities or his prophecies are gaining more noto riety for iheir leanings in the opposite direction to which they wero formerly in clined by reasoii of tlio different class of people who are tlie nioro immediately' affected. Mr. Wragge from being called the "Wet Wragge" is now likely to earn the title of the "Dry Wragge," sinco what lie has. t6 lorecast in regard to the weather appears to bo nothing but fore bodings "of drought* and disaster- to our" inlands instead of cyclones and disaster to shipping. Probably l»s reiterated statements during lecture tours concern ing the-dry conditions which lio-tells us are api>roaching liavo had much to do' with creating the feeling ol unrest which, is reported to exist amongst thu farmers, who, in many instances, are refraining' from buying stock because'of the lear of such a drought. For the last two or threo years wo have had floods, and the' question of cycles of weather ? hits been"* so drilled into the farmer's head by cqn stant assertion refurding it that withW few seasons' good weather lie naturally begins to look , tor bad weatlior. Com munities, liko individuals, are often car lied away by strong impressions, which may be right or which, may be wrong, but of which it is at times impossible to dispossess. As a rule publio opinion knows what is best for itself, and often is swayed by n prophetic instinct , as to tlio proper course to!'take, which in an individual might be regarded as uncanny and tinged with supernatural powers. All experi ence and common sense tell us that to predict meteorological conditions for 0110 or two or tlii'30 years ahoad is an impos sibility, relying upon existing rules, or that our information is either sufficient or reliablo enough to enablo us to say whether predictions may be based upon the sun spot theory, moon cycles, or planetary influenco. Still, the farmers cling to Mr. Wraggo's predictions of dry weather, and they apparently refrain from buying stock. If they were impelled by his predictions to take advantage of i existing good seasons and grow fodder for storage against such dry seasons there I would bo some practical gain from such I predictions, and Mr. Wragge might then [ be looked upon in the light of a public benefactor, however little he sought such a distinction. Tim RIVERS. - Yesterday tho Murray river had-fallen to 21ft. lin., being a drop of two inches since the previous day. Another rise is reported to have taken plnco in tho Goulburn, but this is not likely to materially affect the Murray. The Campaspe is again well within its banks, and unless further heavy rain Tails 119 apprehension of rl flood need bo feared in that;direction. ECJIUCA Snow.-Intending exhibitors at tho Eehuca show, to be held next Wed nesday, nre reminded that entries close 'to-night at 10 o'clock at tho office of the secretary (Mr. D. Sinclair), High-street. It is notified that on show day the business places in the town will close at noon. " EtGni HOURS' SPOUTS Cr.nn.-A meet ing of the Eight Hours' Sports Club was held at tho All Nations dining rooms last evening. There wore present Messrs. J. Chadwick fin the chair), F! Hutt and G. Davoy. (Butchers' Union), H. Ander son (Bajtors' Union), It. O'Brien, W. Findlay, and. H. Gelardie (sawmillers). ?Mr. Chad wick", a* one of the committee' appointed. to organise the meeting. and to secure tho attendance of representa tives of tho different trades, stated that good support had been promised. Mr. Findlay also reported that tho various trades of the town were talcing an inte rest in the club. The election of officers for the ensuing twelve months took place: -President, Mr. J. Chadwick; vice president, Mr. F. Hutt; treasurer, Mr. J. J3eers; secretary, Mr. \V. Findlay; committee, Messrs. 11. Amlei'son (bakers), G. Davey (butchers), It. O'Brien (Eight Hours), G. Douglas (painters), J. Ousley (blacksmiths), J. Cugley and II. Gelardio (woodworkers), W. Anderson (carpenters), and G. Anderson (flour mills). The officers returned thanks for their election. It was decided to open an account at the Commercial Bank. A committee consist ing of tho president, vice-president, and secretary was appointed to issue mem bers' tickets. The president, vice-presi dent, secretary, and Messrs. H. Gelardie and G. Davey were appointed a committee to draw up rules for tho club. FISHING IN THE MURRAY. - Tli^ Mel bourne "Leader" is responsible for the following, which will be of much interest to anglers:--Considerable satisfaction is expressed by anglers at the proposed modification of the regulations governing fishing in tho Murray rivor during close season, which riins from tho 1st October to the 30th November. Tho Fisheries I Board has decided to permit fishing with ; one ]me to which not more than two hooks are attached : during the period mentioned. "This will give the anglers the .best months of the year for fishing. This conclusion lias been frequently i argued by tho Corowa. Anglers' Club, but it- was only, after .recent investigations made i by ..Messrs; Farnell and Stead, of the- Fisheries department, that the re quest' was .thought reasonable. MOAMA BAZAAR.-Hie Roman Catholic Church bazaar at the Moama School of Arts is being continued to-day. The fail will bo; open this afternoon, and tins availing, a sale of fancy work will be held? No ,&lt; charge...willbo. made for admission. Next week tho bazaar 'will- be open on Tuesday, and .will conclndo; on Wednes day. , .THE ? WEATHER.-Rain fell: yesterday at intervals, but it was not heavy, only 28 points boing recorded' at the polico station }ip to 8 o'clock last night. The barometer is rising, showing a tendency to fair wealhori BAND TUSKER. - In our report of (ho ECIIUCH Agricultural Society in yostorday's issuo it was inadvertently stated that the tondor of the Fedotal Band lmd been ac cepted for the supply of music in connection .Willi-.til© sliow."It "should- lmvc been tlio Hangers' Band, who offered to cancel their second night's carnival .and to play -in' front of the Temperance 1-Iall in con nection with tho society's dramatic enter tainment on the night following tlio show. ?The tender was accepted on these con dition#. INF.IIIIIF.TY.-A young man named Charles Abbott was charged by Constable M'Pheo at the Echuca Court of Potty Sessions yestorday morning with having been drunk and disorderly in a public place the previous night. The constable statod ho arrested tho accused in Hare-street, .vhere he found him in a very drunken state. In answer to Mr. -A. J. Mo«re, J.P., who occupied,the.Boncli, tho aecused said ho had "no excuse what ever " to oiler for his ofl'eneo. As tlio young nam was unknown to tho polico, he was dis° charged upon his piomising to pay 2s for tin hire of a-.cab , which . was, .smployad .te. convoy him to the lock-up on (he previous night. SCIENTIFIC LEQTURES.-OnSunday, the Rev. Mi-. Fieliler, 'of Melbourne, will preach in Christ Gliurch at both morning and evening services.. At 3 o'clock on Sunday afternoon-fiie? reverend gentleman will deliver a special illustrated lecture to men on the question whether or not there be a conflict between religion and sciouce. Thejsubjeet sho«ld be eminently interesting to all ? thinkers on the deeper" questions of religion. Gontlumen who desire to attend at Christ Church to hear the lecture will be welcome. Oil Monday Mr. Fielder will , deliver mi illustrated lecture oil. "The natural history of an egg" in the school hall at 8 o'clock in the evening. -'Admission will be n silver' coin. f DENILIQUIN' ELECTION.-Mr. II. J. F. Peters, M;L.A., who has entered upon his election campaign, was to have spoken at Moama last ? evening. Owing to the School of Arts being otherwise engaged, Mr. Peters-had arranged to deliver his address from the'balcony of the Riverina hotel. In consequence of the inelomency of .the weather it was decided to postpone the -meeting until to-night, Mr. Peters Will speak from tho balcony of the hotel at 8 o'clock. NKW .TEI.BPHOSE SUBSCRIBERS.-No. 148, -Captain .F. (). - Wallip, . Watson-street, EeHucii; No. 150, John F. ltyan, Boun dary-road, Eolutca; No. 151, W. Fergu son, Darling-street, Echuca. , Piioi'osKD RAILWAY.-A meeting of the Corop Railway League was held on Tues day last. On the motion of Mr. E. Down, seconded by Mr. C. Miles, Messrs. W. J. M'Carthy and R. Williams were appoin ted to wait on the Minister of Railways on September 20. .The deputation from Corop will be supported by representa tives from Colhinahbin, Carng Carag, Timiuering, and Kynbrani. They will ad vocate a lino from Heathcote north to Corop and terminate at Ky.ibram. This lino will go through tho contre of tho Colbinabbin estate. BuNUAiioiiiiA.-1The subdivisional sale of Bundnburra and Bnreonong, in tho Forbes district, N.S.W., on Saturday, October loth, is causing considerable in terest. As an illustration of tho fertility of the soil on tho subdivision it may bo mentioned, that from a singlo head grain of wheat sown on tho estate last year the extraordinary number of 203 per feetly-shuped wheut-hends grew and ri pened to perfection-truly an example of multiplying: and making many,. The subdivision is being held on exceptionally easy terms, extending over "a period of 10 years, and those who kuow or have inspected the subdivision speak highly of ife qualities. FOOTBALL PROTEST.-The protest lodged by the_ Shepparto'n Football Club against M,mieliisoh being awarded the match played at Tatura on Wednesday, 7th inst., on the ground that Murchisoii played William Gillfim iii contravention to the rules of the association, the said William Gillam having played in the Elmore Dis trict Association after the commencement of matches under the Goulburn Valley District Football Association, was to. have .come before the association, at Tatura last night. At a late hour tile meeting was still in progress, and-no news as to tlio decision arrived at came to hand. SHOW NIGHT ENTERTAINMENT.-A treat is in storo for the public next Wednes day evoning (show night), when a grand varied entertainment will be held at the Temperance Hall in aid of the funds of the Eehuoa Agricultural and Pastoral Society. Tlio first part of the programme will con sist of the sparkling and mirth-provoking comedy "Hook and Eye," which has the reputation of being one of the funniest comedies ovor written. Tho cast of cha racters is as follows:-Joshua Gedling .(formerly sergeant in tJie 23rd regiment), Mi- J. C. Burgess; Harry Selbourne (squire of "Dudley Grange"), Mr. Ivor Evans; Edward Fairleigh (a young artist), Mr. Bert Cowley; Sylvia Sel bourno (Harry's sister), Mrs. Birch. The second part of tho entertainment will take the form of a minstrel entertain ment. Something particularly good is being prepared by the performers in the minstrel troupe, whose programme is as follows: - Opening chorus, "Funiculi Funicnia," Mr. F. C. Mueller and com pany; Song, "Do you ever sit and dream," Mr. J. C. Burgess; song and chorus, "Colleen Bawn," Mr. H. Lewis; song, "Hear dem Bells," Mr. Georgo Douglas; song, "Longing for you," Mr. F. C. Mueller; song, "Dixie," Mr. W. Wright; topical items, Mr. R. Greville; song, "Mill Wheel," Mr. W. Ponsford; song, "Eileen," Mr. B. R. Wilson; i :omic song, "Why I wore tlio ICilts," Mr. Harry Hamilton. On the following night (Thurs day) another first-class entertainment will lie given, including tho comedy "Dream Faces," and a performance by the mins trel company. The cast of characters for the comedy 011 Thursday night is:-Philip, Mr. Will Wright; Robert, Mr. J. C. Burgass; Margaret, Miss Ayton; Lucy, Mrs. Birch; Alice, Miss Ida Chambers. As tho popular price of 2s. and Is. will bo charged for admission each night there should be crowded houses. » ? Rivnn SHIPPING.-The river traffic con iinues brisk. OH Thursday night the steamer Trafalgar arrived from the Dar ling river with 5)00 bains of wool, and the Alert arrived yesterday from the Mur rumbidgee with 800 bales. The Edwards also arrived yesterday, from Barmali, with 50 tons of sawn timber. ANY shape, shade, size, make or pric« in hats can be had from D. A. M'Nally, the hat Itinc.-Advt. APPOINTMENT OF BANDMASTER. - At a meeting of the committee of tho Ararat Town Band on Monday night, nine applications were received for tho position of bandmaster in succession to Mr. M. C. Nuttall (formerly bnndmaster of tho Fcliuca Hangers' Band), who goes to Cobar (N.S.W.). The choice fell on Mr Thomas Young, at present con ductor of tho Denilicjuiil Town Bind. Mr Young is a musician #f marked ability, and has mot with much success in contest work. Mr Young has been granted six weeks' leave of absenco (sayR tho Deniliquin "Indepen dent") to take charge of tho Ararat band for the Ballarat competitions. Tho Doniliquin band entered for tlio contest, but owing to many unforscen difficulties, are unable to take part. READEUS, have you seen Ising's- lovely new goods ? _ If not, call at Ising's, you will be welcome.* BAND RECITAL.-The Federal Band will render a programme of Sacl'ed music in the park to-morrow afternoon, when the Ballarat contest pieces will bo played. A collection will be taken, at the gates. SKATING CAHNIYAI, - On Wednesday night next the Hangars'-Band will hold a fancy dress carnival, and gymkhana in the Orderly-foom. Prizes are being offered for the best fancy dress, best sus tained or original character, advertising display, and best pair, of skaters. .As a special attraction, the committee have .secured.tho services of Kelvos, Australia's champion trick skater, late of Richards'" Opera House.. ICelvos will give an exhi bition of skating, comprising the follow ing difficult and brilliant feats:-Pivot spin, figure eight on 011a toe, wine-glass maize, Maltese cross, trick bicycle riding ou. skates, toe skates, etc. This accom plished skating artist issued a challenge to skato Bendrodt and Irving, of America, lor £50, but which was not accepted. In addition to the above, musical chairs and other, items will be provided. Only com petitors 111 costume will bo allowed 011 the lloor. Admission will be Is. to all parts of the hall, children Gd. GAUDEN FETE.-A successful garden fete was opened in Mr. W. T. Webb's grounds, at Rochester, on Wednesday,' by the Bishop , of Bendigo, in aid oftile funds of Holy Trinity Church, Rochester. There were large' numbers of stalls, on which all sorts of things, ftiom pot plants to kitchen utensils, could be purchased. Motor-car rides in cars kiiidly supplied by Drs. Lease and Littlewood, Sheffield Handicap, and a complete sports pro gramme, gave patrons a good afternoon's amusement. The Rochester Brass Band rendered seleetions. In tile evening a concert was held in the Shire Ilall, which was crowded. Besides vocal and instru mental items, an electric bioscope, showed a number of excellent pictures, including the King's funeral. The proceeds of the fete should considerably augment the funds of the church. . Numerous prizes were donated by ladies interested for various exhibits, such as cakes, etc. GLACE ItiJ welted sole boots, in four distinct shapes, 12s. Gd., at D. A. M'Nally's, High-street. Telephone 136. CHEAP EXCOHSION.-O11 Friday, 7th October, a cheap excursion train will run to Melbourne from Eclmea and stations to Bendigo inclusive. Particulars "may bo learned at tho local railway station. SKATING. - Tho Orderly-room will be open lor skating this evening. HOSPITAL SUPPLIES.-Tho secretary of the Echuea District Hospital (Mr, D. Sinclair) invites tenders for tho supply of meat and groceries to tho institution for tho months of October, November, and December. Tenders close 011 Thurs day ne«jt, tile 22nd inst. Tnii Tailor makes the man. Try Kaighin, for your new spring suit.-Advt. VISITING OCULIST.-Mr. 51. Hamburger, oculist, of Bendigo, announces that he intends to visit Ecliuca monthly, and that | lie may be consulted at Mr. J. J. Cun liingham's pharmacy 011 the 2-lth inst. I WE can. honestly recommend anyone I wanting a now cliester or .waterproof to ! BOO D. A M'Nally's stock. Tho men's clothier.-Advt-. | TUB PEA-RIELE AGAIN.-William ivliddlo ton, a middlo-agod man, was shot through tho foot near tlio great too on Thursday. He was walking on Gnnbower Island, near Cohuna, when a pea-rillo bullet hit him. The shootor is unknown yet. Tho suflbror was convoyed to Cohuna and attended by I Dr. Pa.- - BONNINGTON'S^  SAYINGS OF TO-DAY AND . YESTERDAY. Circumstances alter kisses.-Caro lyn Wells. Many are men of probity-until you begin to probe.-J. Whitman. SThe man who can't remember wheh he was a fool is one yet.-Strickland Gillian. About the only way -a woman can keep a secret is" to keep it going. Nathan Levey. SWoman: A being to run away from, or with-as the case may be.-Elbert Hubbard. SYoung-.men, IN.have to advise you to try to be good rather than great. You'll have less competition.-T. Lawson.. .-The wages of sin-is exposure.-Es telle Klauder. A high old time lays many a man low.--Cole Blease. On the door of success is "push," in brass.--Upton Sinclair. Lots of people will take everything for granted, " except a hint.-Green wood-Lake. 'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all, but it isn't so cheap.-Sam Stimson. The trouble with the. average mar ried man is that he doesn't know what a jewel his wife is till he comes to put her in a casket.-General Sickles. "Northerner" - Writes: -Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain which promises and never comes, it is curious to note that when Queensland summer rains come-. early they slacken 'off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it. has been the case frequently-in the past. A happy monsoon struck the. north last week, and it. was:.to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is. nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place: north of. Townsville-which doesn't get its ten inches' or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self-we. are going to have a summer broken' up by Southern Ocean anti cyclones which spell rain - for the south. of the continent. .-*The. pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it. It isn't so much that a woman wouldn't, but she hates to think that you think she would.  How the Sun brings Rain and Draught. (By Clement " Wragge). Australia has a greater interest than perhaps any other country to the scientists. No other part of the world answers so quickly to the changing mood of the sun. It is a great scientific truth that .good or bad seasons in Australia depends mainly upon the changing moods of the sun, that follow each other in regular cycle. Birth of the Son. The sun, great as he %eems, is only a second-rate variable star. Billions of years ago he was born — slougbed off with otheislpf his set from the main body of cosmic gases in this wonderful universe In turn the sun gave birth to fjpfe> -planets, or worlds, that forms V this tiny solar system, Mercu Venus the Earth, Mars. the. , Asteroids, Jupiter, Santurn, Uranus, and Neptune. The sun himself is only one of millions of other suns, some better than himself. "With them he helps to raakegpe Milky Way. The sun accompal by the Solar System is travelling on an unknown orbit at the rate of 29 L miles a minnte, or 153 millions of miles a year along the Milky Way. In mass the sun is 330,000 times greater than the earth- In bulk he is 1,300,000 bigger. His diameter is more than 860,000 miles, He weighs 2 octillions of tons. The Sun with all his planets are but puny grains of luminous dust when com pared with myriads «f ether suns. Only a very small fraction of the sun's energy reaches us. With this he made the hills and valleys ; with this he divided the land and sea, and filled each with every form of life. His rays paint the flowers and the butterflies' wings. They pro duce the gentle zephyrs or the strong sale. They play with tbeYnists and fogs the dews . and the js&ins. -The sun brings us our times W drought and plenty, our poverty-and wealth, our sickness and health, our glad ness and sorrow. > The snn being a second-class variable star, is subject tb |times of activity and times of comparative rest. The time from the quietto the activemood is about three-and-a-half (3.52) years, and from the active to next quiet mood about seven and a half (7.55) years. During the sun's period of great activity' more and more of the sunspots are observed, and during the times of comparative rest fewer, if any of them. The sun spots, are gigantic hurricanes piercing, tearing, ripping through the sun's three main atmospheres, with an energy of w hjcfi theiittman mind cannot form the faintest con ception. They are the .centres of solar cyclone, and in the "hollows" formed by the&e this earth would He iike a pebble in the crater of the greatest volcano. And as fire smoke and molten lava burst from volcano oraters, so on the sun's surface great red flames and storms affect the earth, through at a distance of 92,000,000 miles. Birth of the Earth. Thevearth was thrown off from the snn in the state of a white heat much as an emery wheel throws off a spark. That was 230 millions of years ago, if you strike the average between astronomical and geological research. At once the earth began-tp cool off, and gradually to solidify. Abont 30 million of yeara laterpibe earth threw off the moon." At thkt time, the earth was still hot and steaming: and was turningarouhebon its axis . once every three liour instead of once every 24 hoars. All through these ages the earth gave its heat in to space and cooled all tfie quicker because at such times it got less energy from the sun, ; When the earth had cooled enough there came in turn all forms of vegetable, animal and hnman life. The earth will go on cooling and contracting, and at length become lifeless as the moon now is. There is however energy enough left to support 7 life for thousands of years to come. When the sun is in one of its quiet moods, there are few sunspots. so of course it has not been sending forth as much heat and energy as formerly. The result, is the earth has been cooling dowrimore quickly. You know what happens if yon cool , a hot stove too quickly by spilling cold water on it- — it cracks. So too the earth cooled so quickly in 1902 that it cracked in plaee3 and shook and spluttered. When it shook we bad earthquakes and tidal waves, (the Volcano disturbances in the West Indies, e,g„ Martinique and St. Vincent) ; when it spluttered we had hot springs exploding and vol canoes active (the great physical excitement in the hot lakes district) when it cracked , the sea was prob ably let into the fiery depths of the earth and probably caused tbe Martinique disaster. This also caused the seasons of drought and the wonderful display of the South ern lights. Needless then to say the the Sunspots affect the atmosphere. The weather depends . upon the atmosphere, and the atmosphere, being the lighest part' bfthe earth, is effected by the sun more easily than any other part. On September 1st, 1859, Mr. Carrington, an astronomer, was watching the sun through his "smoked" telescope, when he saw a great flame that seemed to shoot across the dark centre of one of cyclonic sun-spots, ih the twink ling of an eye fearful ihagnetic dis turbances occnred on this planet — as though the sun and. earth were BBBsaBsssBBSsas&aaaBBsaaBa&s- connected by a short distance tele phone. Magnificent displays of aurora bursts forth from the polar latitudes in each hemisphere of earth. The whole electric condition of this little globe was effected. Magnetographs in the observatories were violently agitated ; telegraphic operators in the United States were thrown off their chairs with the shock and in Norway and Sweden electric instruments were positively ruined. For a few hours between October 30tb and November 1st of 1903, beautiful displays of Aurora Aus tralia were observed in the southern parts ot Australia and Tasmania, tele graph communication with France was suddenly cut off, and in the Melbourne observatory all the magic instruction were caused by the great red hydrogen flame, which began then to leap higher and' higher from the sun. The sun has now passed his time of qtfiet and is in creasing in energy. (Oct. 1904) The atmosphere, and consequently the weather, are hound to change in response to the changing moods of the sun. For exainple- the late Au&flian drought was a distinct resuin£!gie period of minimum en ergy of the Sun. The present good season, with the rains, is the direct result, of the Son's now increasing activity, assisted by other factors of less importance. 1 The sun's moods influence the whole earth from pole to pole. Some countries, by reason of their geo graphical position, respond more readily than others to the sun's changing conditions. Australia is one of them. It is mainly, a question of iatitude combined with physical features, such as mountains, rivers, lakes and seas. In the Southern Hemisphere there is about five times as much water, and abont one-fiftfa as much land as in the Northern Hemisphere — and these great masses of water simplify tbe sun's influence on our atmosphere. South of the equator' Australia is more sensitive than any other country. South Africa is also very responsive. Some countries, such as the West of Eng land, are so placed that they have almost always plenty of rain. That is due to circumstances easily under stood. Take New Zealand, its distin guishing feature is the great alpine range, which acts as a condenser for the vapours of the Antarctic dis turbances. But Central Australia has no such mountains to intertere with the direct influence of changing solar moods ; and .so the sun's moods are answerable more particularly and directly for Australia's wonder ful climatic changes from drought to rains and floods. The drought comes. when the sun has least energy, because at that time it really gives off less heat to the earth— although, in dry air that heat may seem . scorching at the snrrnre, as in- the case of hot winds ; tuen the earth cqols down by Loving off heat into atmosphere. Tuis heat- passing -in qiiivering waves upward through tbe air, absorbs the vapours in the atmosphere, and holds them in an invisible steamy state. Had it hot been that greater cold would have prevailed far aloft and the moisture would have fallen in the baps of rain. When the sun is doing his greatest amount of work the snn-spots or dark centres re appear and increase in size and number. The larger ones can be seen through an opera-glass, or with the naked eye using .smoked glasses. Special instruments show the red flames of hydroden. writhing and twisting and. leaping upwards. Sometimes the flames leap 60,000 to 160,000 miles from the sun's edge. During this period his energies in crease, and th« earth is responding, drinking in and saving up the elec trie and magnetic vitalising energies. The earth's atmosphere is also affec ted. The moisttire is no longer held in suspension by excess of radiated heat. The.rainfall increases, because cold atmosphere currents aloft con dense the vapour by increased action and reaction in the air under the increase of solar energy. Then th« water holes fill, the rivers flow and vegetation revive and harvests abound. The sun takes about 3 years to get from the time of its lowest energies to its highest, and then th« opposite gradually begins. Good seasons in 1903 to 1907. In 1912 or 13 the opposite climax will be reached. As the snn is more active now than it has been for some years, the ice in tbe sonth polar regions will hreak up on a greater scale, and drift into lower latitudes than before. The meeting of these iceburgs will greatly affect tbe weather conditions all through the sputhern parts of Australia. Speaking broadly, tbe rainfall will be much greater, and tbe temperature a little more even with less extremes of heat- and cold than during recent years.  The Wonderful Universe. -4-t On Monday evening last, Mr Clement Wragge, the world famous astronomer and meteorologistdelivered a lecture in the shire hall, Alexandra. The hall was crowded with an appro ciative audience. Mr F. Wheeler took the chair and introduced the lecturer; in felicitous terms. Mr Wragge makes his abstruse and bewildering. subject lucid and attractive by the help of lantern slides.. Propositions which, like '"Scotch jokes," need a sugical operation for their induqtion, Ire thrown upon the sheet and one reads them as well as hears them. The subject' was a trip- through the universe. From the Lick Observatory one is carried to the Milky Way. To give some idea of the -distance of Alpha Centasuri, the nearest of the fixed stars, from the earth, Mr Wragge said if there were a railway from the earth, to ,that star, and the com" misaioners in charge of that railway carried you at the rate of one penny per hundred miles, your ticket would cost you just X900,00 000, that is £2000 Q0.ý00 morea * te publso ;debt of Great Brittias. Oe hna to thinti in billionsland trillions even to express, the distance of':'the- .'nearest, stars. A number of" views. &lt;were exhibited to. show the density of the stars in.the Milky. Way. One could easily imagine he was looking at a snow storm. In the midst of some of these views was a patch of light. That was .a nebula where a-star was in the aot. o formation. A billion years hence that patch would be e sun with a host of attendant planets..' From the infinitely vast Mr Wragge came d o'n to the Infinatel: esmall and. d..ci-ibed atoms ;and: electrons. and pointed gout how one vast purpose ran throuls the whole. A' sPar was a glorified atorm; an atom was a microscopically minute star revolving on its axis the same as the star, in. the heavens. A fragment of rock was a universe- of atoms. After whirling his audience about in the- Milky Way, carrying it from.- the. Pleiades'to.Orion, then to the Southern. Cross, lingering a. moment on Alpha Centauri- to got that £900,000;0000 ticket., he made a rush' to the sun, which is only a bit over- 0,000,000, miles away from the earth, %. more step-astronomically. A . number of beautiful'viewsof the sue were thrown upon the screen, revealing the nature of those ' spots, Thes,,pots. were gigantic storms and; cyclones. around which _ and from the san?'s"'edge, appaliidg-.hydrogen flamsa leaped to the height of .60,000 miles, 7others ascending, even as high.; as -324,000. miles,. while: coronal flashes from the suns outer' atmosphere, extended .to. .500.000= miles, the whole being.like a gigantic wireless iiistallation hurrying off' otheric vibrations under the in fluence of which every planet of.the solar system puilsates and-.throbs like a,. tuning fork -or telegraph' wire. The exhibition, of' theos?view~b?boughsb iMr Wragge on to his. pot subjfet, the influence of- these sun: spots, or storms in. the sun, upon. the weather-on the earth. He hold4 that if themre were- a fuller knowledge aid; understanding of the "'law' governidng ' those- sun storms, then we on the earth could fortell the kind. oft weather and theo vatuo of the seasons .for years ahead; The views of the moon' lormeda. very intorosting set,. showing the extitct volcanos, the mountains.ranges,. the- sunken plains? and the long shadows- cast by' the mountains, There seemed something pathetic, in the idea of a dead world; 'yot Mr Wramge expleined. how in the celestial bodies., were six.stages or ages, and after the period. of floral, and faunal activity came a tine when the water evaporated and the atmosphaes de parted and death- reigned- supreme. The. moon. was such a'. dead- world, Nob a, word could- be-heard, there was no- atmosphere to, convey the round - nobsa nlant-or animal lived, there was no .:-indosture;. Possibly at bne tiaie might have lived, there, beings:more wonderful and- more-' highly-.endowed than man, but now all is a long- past memory.. The moonis only:thecorpse of a world;, even- its. vast volcanoes dead, shrouded in- the core garmentu of an appaling silence: .. At the close ofthe leetur- was a display of those wonders; of'modbrn. times.the X ;ray, the gamma ray and radium. ''These wonders have to be seen, for a description of the..flashing sparks from an. insisibly smallspeck of radium, is impossible. •0So "powerful is the force of the radinwi rays, the ibiht 'com~ "rightb through a felt-hat. Thoe entertainmeitb' - wajjsin qxcee dingly int6r~sting eoe. In .'anothee colem Mr Wragge gives hise~,lnression. ?f Alexandra. - -  A VOYAGE THROUGH THE UNIVER8E MR WRAGGE AT THE TOWN I ITATzTY The Town Hall was eroxdod last night, when Mr Clement L. Wragge, the famous astronomer and meteorologist, gave his scientifio lecture entitled " A Voyage through the Universo." Mr Wragge opened hit remarks by ssying a truly scientifio min was no atheist, bufwss forced to rsoogniio tbe Divine Arohiteot. (Applause). Thelfirst pictures thrown u;on tbe sheet were those of tbe stars, which Mr Wragge ex plained were really suns with their own worlds revolving round them, and many of these stars were grinder sous than oar own son, and ss our sua had worlds revolving round it inhabitated with human being?, so, no doubt, had tbeae iters or suns worlds revolving roundthem inhabitated with human beings, and very likely of a higher order, as there were no two eons or two worida exaotly alike. Tho best cathedral to worship in was an istronomieal observatory, and no one could worship there without exclaiming," "Wonderful are Thy works," Science and religion are one, and as soon as the ministers recognised this the better for everybody. If men oould only tako a telescope and study tbe iters, they would find that astronomy makes men humble and lifts them np higher and higher until they camo iito harmony with tho Most High, whioh was the only true happiness. He then drew the' people's attention to the Southern Orosi, and to the two iters near it, whioh w6rff called pointers. The lowest or- brightest of these two was the nearest to the sun and the nearest to the r arth after their own sail', yet If a railway was run from the earth to tho pointer called Alpha, and the fare was only one penny per 100 miles, it wculd .take £900,000,000 to pay the railway fare, and running at the rate of 60 miles minute it would take 41,000,000 years to get there. If it took so long to reaoh this, the neaitst sun, hew about a rail way to the other suns. The lecturer then touched on flowers and their minute oreation, and suddenly, referring again to the marvels of the heaven asked how any one eonld study these things and not ory, " Marvellous are Thy works o', God." The leoturer then explained how sans were formed, and maintained that their sun was thrown off from other sans 800,000,000 years ago. Many other stars/suoh as Orion's Belt»8even Sisters, Big Bear, Sygnus, were thrown on the sheet and explained by the leoturer, who stated that the reason why men did not go to ohuroh was because they did not receive any food, bat if the parsons would build an observatory to their ohuroh they would have muoh thought to give to their people. The next life was the real one, this one was the unreal. A beautiful piotare was shown of the sun at mid night in tbe Antarotio regions. Tho con stitution of the sun was explained, the leoturer staling that the blaok spots noticed on the sun were in reality great cyclones from 60,000 to 80,000 miles in diameter travelling over the sun, and when these storms break out on the sua they had a marked effeot on the earth. He etatod that the hydrogen flames of the can were 160,000 miles long. It had been noticed when all' the great earth quakes hsdvisited tho earth there had been these cyclonic storms or blaok spots on the sun. Many pictures were here thrown on tho eoreen, taken duriDg a total eolipse of the sun, and showing the hyrodgon flames of the sun. After a short interval, the leoturer took up another phase of his lecture namelv. the maos. and in doing to stated that the moon was a lifeless world, though not absolutely so. When they saw the moon at that stage when they call it the new moon, it wbi really the sun rising on the moon, and as the sun rose so the different quarter came about, until it become foil moon. When it was fall 'moon it was night on the moon itself whioh wae reflecting the earth light whioh was shining on the mrOD The earth was eleven times larger than the moon, and the dark marks on the moon were the old dried up seiB and mountain ranges. Sometimes when they get angry with a man they tell him to go to h— , s plice of whioh they knew nothing. It would be muoh better to tell him to go to the moon, a lifeless' dried up world of great heat in the. day and 260 desrees below zero at nieht time Many views were shown of the moon in all its qfages, showing the mountain ranges, dried up seas and oraterst One view gave a weird scene cf how the world passing between tbe sun and the moon would appear to an inhabitant on the moon if it had been possible for anyone to live there. A orator of volcano on tho moonwss compared to the picture of the orater of Vesuvius, and shown "to be much alike. Mr Wragge slip rofer/cd to the comet, ahd said that - if by any obonce th? earth should o:me into con tact 'with a comet, the comet would staffer, not the earth, whloh would go through the comet like an eleph&nt through a spider's web, as a comet was not a substanoo, and in proof of this he stated that he had taken observations while Halley's comet had passed the sun, and all that was to be seen was an aurora glare, if the oomot had been solid a dark shadow would have been thrown over the sun. Donati's oomet of 1868 would not, he said, re-appear until somewhere about 4600, by whioh timo he hoped the Mount Wellington Observatory would be again in working order. (Laughter). Tbe leoturer concluded by giving the legend of tbe man who implored God to let him see the universe. God granted his prayer, and an angel took him through virions stars and comets to tbe "sun, atfg showed him the oy clonic disturbances taken place there, -'thence he" went to Uranus, Yenus, and then on to Mars, a world dying of thirst, and although the inhabitants had oonnectod the wholo plaoe with oanals so that the star should be irrigated, it would be no' good, as Mars wsi a doomed world, thenco he was 'taken to Jupiter with its eight moons and Saturn, but both places wouh? be too hot for him to stay, and as the angel was taking him farther on the man prayed to be allowed to go back to the world as he had seen enough, the angel explaining that he had not as yet left his own solar systom, and there were millionj of iqph solar systems all round higi. ' The leoturer was frequently applauded during the evening, and' all expreised pleasure at the intellectual " treat given them, whioh wonld be long remembered. After the lecture, aboat 60 people stayed behind to see some demonstrations in radium. The leoturer explained thoro were various kinds of rays which fame from radium. The alpha rays, whloh travelled 16.000 miles a second, the vets, 124,000, and the ether, whioh travelled 186, QQG miles a second. TEe rays of ether, whioh traveled through solids, iron, tin, Ac., oould not be - seen with out the ihelp of sulphide of zino. The lights being put out the different rays were shown, the Alpha rays throw ing out atoms, the Yete rays in a tube, which were used for eating away cancer ous flesh in hospitals, As,, and the Ether rays, by the help of zino of sulphide through hats, handkerchiefs, coat sleeves, Ac.' When the was lighted tgaio, Mr WrQKK showed, the Fitoh blende j fiom whioh radium waa derived, and j stated tht it in itironghetite was worth I £600 a ton, and there was no reason why ' It coufd net be found In Tasmania,  ANUH3SES AM) HIS SON. ME. WBAGGE PEOMISBS RAIN. Writing from Morgan cm Sunday even ing, Mr. Clement L. Wragge says:— "Briefly surveying meteorological affairs to-night, we find that disturbance Tro jan' (first "warned an April 28). having fiddled properly off the coasts of the eastern. States, and played harvoc with the steamers St. AThan« and Burwah, is still carousing over tie Tasman Sea, | and very seriously threatening New Zea land. Lord Howe Lsland will long re member him. In fact the Dominion, as we write, will be under the influence of his sinister umbra. It is as if old Troy were making a big stand against the le gions of the crafty Greek; and old Father Anclrises, still awaiting his opportunity off the Leenwin, means to have a good finger in the pie. He will be followed by the doughty iEneas which, basmg our calculations on rhythmic and har monic law, should now be running the , easting down in the neighborhood of Kerguelen Island. But -people are more i immediately concerned with Anchiees. Well, he is coming—make no mistake I about it—and judging from the contour ing of the anti-cyclonic or high pres sure isobars, he looks more promising with respect to rain than when wc first gave notice of his existence five days ago. Captains bound west will have to face the music to a dead certainty, and will encounter heavy northerlies to westerlies, especially in higher latitudes, and thereafter the winds will shift to south-west and south and blow great guns, particularly south from the for tieth parallel. Now mark—and we very urgently advise the eastern States—the conditions just intimated will especially affect Melbourne and Southern Victoria, the whole of Tasmania, Sydney, and 1 the entire coast of New South Wales. Brisbane will get heavy westerlies. Not only so, but a renewal of heavy weather ic as sure as God made apples over the Tasntan Sea and New Zealand, and all this before May expires. It onJy re mains for the present wall of high pre^sure to give way—as yield it must— and then look out for squalls and the prowest- of Anchises. More rain will probably fall in South Australia than was at first expected, and the eastern States will have enough of it ere the time Emit expires. lamar tides impell ing Anchises will be a prominent fee tor, yet all this notwithstanding the pre sent year should show an under average rainfall, especially in inland paite. in accordance with our published seasonal forecasts, bat not so tad ae 1912. The public will please remember that these advices are based on our own isolated observations and travelling instruments, combined with long experience in meteo rological diagnosis, and. on a survey at the daily weather chants which have fre quently an erroneous contouring and which have to be corrected. Had we the data and instruments possessed by the present Weather Bureau, ninety-nine out of every hundred daily forecasts would be correct, and at less than half the pre sent official cost Such is a fact."  ? A Laughable Skit ort Socialism. How Cloment Purefoy Tried, to Purge individualism out of the Children . of tho coimmihe. ,,'T!tc Iboy is father to;the man, and ! ii tne boy can be moulded to any par ; ticular pattern that is the man he will be ; on the other hand, if t lic boy will not take the impression of the die, there is no likelihood of the nian bearing the stamp. Evelyn Tempest, in "The McArdle Peerage" tells tile story of a modern Utopia, an experiment in communism in which even the boys showed an unconquerable tendency to the original sin of individualism, Clement. Purcfoy, - the zealous leader of the communists, had found the adults sadly deficient in altruistic sentiment, and lie was therefore the more keenly anxious concerning- the education of the. young communists; andv llargill, the schoolmaster, had much, of his • attention. Grown persons might be hard In wean from the .errors of individualism, 'as, in-, deed, he had had only loo many evidences ; but the children, if càrcfuliy i reared, if true principles were sedulously inculcated in their impression- ! able minds, could not grow up otherwise than heart-whole socialists. lio said this to Hargill as tlity sat in tho ollice. "I am entirely in agreement with von, my dear comrade; entirely. But it will relievo my mind of a real anxiety if 1 confess to you that I'm gravelled, fairly gravelled, over the marbles." "Marbles!" Mr. Purefoy's supervision of the schooling had not extended to the bare patch of ground against the hall winch the children used as playground. "Yes. Mow to implant correct views about marbles positively baffles mv ingenuity." The situation, as outlined by Margill, was certainly grave and perplexing. It was the outcome of a wealthy visitor's unthinking kindness. Moved by the sight of listless boys, she had invested ton shillings in tops and marblcf 'licli she distributed, the easy te; ominfr to her eyes at the delight v., !ie children. Mr. Purefoy had thanlfjj?. hęr very warmly ; he had not, lie saic,&lt;§ 1 ' łt justified in sanctioning expendiu on such things until their commum rcachod the stage .of self-support; That misehiéf could hirk in marbles did not cross his mind. There was no barm whatever in playing marbles, but there was ..serious reasons for alarm in the circumstance that Edward Mufiield had developed a degree of cxpertness which threatened to give him custody of all the marbles in the pockets of his fellows. "Custody," said Mr. Purcfov, "of necessity nurtures the sense of private ownership, the sense which, aboVe all others, wc wish to eradicate from the'minds of the young." "It's going farther than that, I fear," said Hargill ; and, in answer to Mr. Purefoy's look of alarmed .inquiry, he continued : "Aaron Wragg.e had no slate a day or two ago ; under pressu're he confessed that he had exchanged it ("swapped," was the expression) for twelve marbles, Ediva'rd Mufiield having broken his own. t asked Muffield how he became possessed of the pocket-knife 1 saw in bis hand yesterday; he confessed that he purchased it for twenty marbles from Thomas Duff, who picked it up in the road. Again, Muffield's sums were correct this morning, and a circumstance so unusual prompted innu iry, lie confessed to purchase of John Mead's, assistance for three marbles." "He is using them as currency,, in fact," said Mr. Purefoy, and light broke in unon him as he spoke. "liargill. it is Capitalism!" '.'We. cannot-get away, from it," sighed Margill.-...;.. "ft is Capitalism in ils incinient and most insidious form." Mr. Purcfoy put his elbow on the table ani.' rested his head upon_his hand. "The only remedy that suggests itself to me is a drastic one," said Margin, after thoughtful silence—"confiscation." ''Purefoy sat upright and looked miserable. "Confiscation of personal, property by the commune for the good of the commune is justifiable—nav, it is right ; but confiscation of property ivhich can be of no use to .• the com- - 'o be a step at least open • open to ques- n^.-^-) the tonm.^X^Tnrn-iH smoked in silence ; lie looked content, Mr. Purefoy stopped in his walk. , "I will bring the matter before the board, with this suggestion that all marbles be donfiscated çverv Saturday niglit and even redistribution made. I trust that will meet the case ; I trust it may 1 1" "That ought to case the difficulty, but I doubt if it will prove a complete solution," said llargill. "We will at least give the plan a trial and see how it operates," said' Purefoy. The plan worked admirably ; so. 'veil and so smoothly that Mr. Purefoy. >;'as not sure but that he had hit upon'the key which should lay bare the Great Secret—tjie even Distribution of the World's Wealth. The boys had grumbled a little at first, Ibut they made no open complaint. Certainly the exceeding deinurcness of the faces whose owners filed before him depositing handfuls of marbles in a pudding-bowl might have awakened suspicion in a more watchful master than llargill; but as his object was to get through his work with the least possible trouble to himself, he kept susp.v..uii, il he had any, to himself. It was his colleague Miss Heavens who pricked the bubble. One Saturday morning Miss Heavens, strolling round the corner of the hail, came upon a group of small bovs, in the midst of whom squatted Johnny Meade with paper and pencil. "Ted Mufiield, fowerty-nine !" said Johnny, writing ; " 'e's a'llus the most. Aaron, fifteen ; your 'and's out this week, Airy. - Nex' Tommy Dull', twenty-sivin—Wot !" The voice of Miss Heavens inquiring what were they doing brought Johny Meade's career as marble banker to a close, there and then. The secret of ,youthful content lav bare. By the simple process of making a note of the number of each boy's mat'b I ;.s before he handJcd ithem "(in and giving them back .-to him after the pooling, incipient capitalism had defeated pure socialistic principle and brouglit.it to naught. Miss Heavens, anxious to ingratiate herself, laid hands upon the banker.and ted hinij with his account,..to llargill. llargill, unable to deal wi>:h such flagrant' deception himself, took Johnnv and Ins account to Mr.. Purcfov. Mr."Purcfoy. having 1 , .with the aid of Miss Heavens, summoned as' witness,, grasped the device wherebv his solution of 'the difficulty had been defeated, confiscated all the marbles, and, acting upon the impulse of the baffled reformer, dropped them down the wqli. "That's all very fine," said Iiargill; "but I'm ^afraid tile mischief is done. We can hardly blind ourselves to ii that we have been beaten bv the ingenuity of capitalism." The cottage wherein children of all ages up to six were housed during work hours or during their mothers' absence if desired, was by far the most cheerful habitation on the estate as regards funishing. The wealthy visitor had taken care of .that ; she rarely came to Dawnland without bringing pictures for 'the. ulalls, rag-books (boldly declared by makers ignorant of nursery usage to be untearable), or toys. The rules prescribed that no child should play with the same doll, ball or other toy on two consecutive days lest its young mind .should ab- I sorb unaware the error of personal ' ownership. 1 . Mr. Purefoy had ordained that all dolls used in the creche should be exactly. alike, all balls the same size, -côior,.; yna tl'.vuiiv, 'i.'u.;^.>. of bricks and sixpenny paint boxes identical; and this wise instruction had been carried out, Libby giving, way. under protest.- But discerning infancy marked differences in the dolls; Susy Dufï discovered in one china f->a' features • and expression ' which gave it attractions above others. She was fine and sturdy, and she inherited the maternal shrewdness; if Kitty Wha':man ór Polly Meade received that particular doll when Nurse Makins served out dolls in the morning, Susy got it by force or guile; it was her baby, her very own; and she would noiie other. And Nurse Makins, unable to sec tile difference between dolls or the use of a rule whose application promoted screaming, let Susy have her own way. That, was the beginning; once Susy's right to * 'particular doll had been rccogher companions claimed to bo I i i an equal footing; and, less 'or the great principle of for peace, Nurse Makconnivance of Nurse Needless to say, each wji views on the "subject ; Makins whiled away hour one wet morning n. Mindful of the ing in the hall, Teche in a circle, a camomile ineett to dress their 'f the proceed-, ''•-orderly, die the point '•c sir;is-' ; and ^rsliip. -••ned both dead, and who was therefore in n special sense the child of the cowmune. Mr. • Purcfov spent'a toilsome and wearying hour with the bairns. _ !?&lt;• occasional sobbing sigh, aftermath of the storm, broke the restored calm of the l'.Uçhen. Susy Duff, glaring triumiçf/innt defiance, hugged her very own doll, the one-with no legs but a red sash to make up ; Kitty Whatman peered round the leg- of the table, fondling her one-armed treasure in the blue skirl, still fearful lest she be required to change lier own child, for some unworthy other; Polly Meade pressed to her bosom the comfort of her infant motherhood, screwing knuckles into undried eyes. From under the sink Amos Ballard looked out, grimpy of cheek, tremulous of lip, his own horse held firmly under a mottled arm; Robbie Meade, red-eyed, and shamefaced for that he had howled before mere babies, shouldered the angle of the wall by the range, and watched Mr. Purefoy under his lashes. " Mr. Purefoy sat at. the corner of the table, looking more unhappy than any. The storm of tears and temper had left him with a headache, and his fingers hurt ; for Jessie Carter's passions wore cyclonic, and when Annie Mallard's idolised ninepin, in it5 print frock, was placed in lier arms as a substitute for her own Mad'leen, Jessie let herself go; and a ninepin, with or without a print frock, in the hands of outraged infancy is a weapon adult knuckles may not despise. Mr. Purefoy labored also under painful sense of defeat; the. children, whose affection he prized, regarded him as a monster ; and he had an unaccountable fear lest Si.ster Duff should come in and ask what all the noise was about. But peace had reigned for quite five minutes before the door opened to admit Mrs. Meade with the baby. A second tempest was only just averted by the ready resource of experience ; the Tiisli ôf her own oilspring to cling to her skirts and with rising tears implore mother's aid in defence, provoked ominous whimpers. Mrs. Meade swSpt Kobbie aiid." ' Polly comltarUcd tlic.rni -l'.ito silentfel b;tore she returned to the kitchen. She was a patient womatr-and - judirî'ô'u's", a ' more impulsive -mother • would have come downstairs when the outburst of full-throated grief broke out half an hour ago, but learning cause from Nurse ,- Amory,, .she thought well, though lier own',- children were among the sufferers, to let . Mr. Purefoy see the tiling through. He was a good, meaning gcntlerian, and would learn not to meddle if he got a lesson which the children could give him. Hence heir Hardy appearance on tlilo scene. Now she returned, composed and smiling, with - C. l'. Phillips sleeping peacefully on her arm. "He slep' through it, if vou'H b'liev.e me, .sir! Never turned in his Sleep the . precious, even wen I thought as the 'ouse must come down." Mr. Purefoy was glad the baby had not been disturbed. His first endeavor to implant the. elements of sound socialist doctrine had not., he was afraid, been successful. "I thought they didn't like it," replied Mrs. Meade without irony. "The 'instinct of exclusive ;posse-> sion appears to be even stronger in children than in adults," said Mr. Purefoy. ' Mrs. Meade, thought he did not understand them. Solny; children was manageable, some was not; but if there was one thing a little gell held to, do what you would, ii wa.s her doll. -It. was .na'.ur'. that's wlhat it was, and you couldn't cure it. She had six' of her own, three gells and three boys, and she ought to know. Then did Sister Meade think it impossible to cultivate in children the true communal spirit? He hoped, lie trusted her experience did not lead her to a conclusion so—so discouraging? Mr.s. Meade really couldn't say, never having tried, so to speak. If Mr. Purcfoy would excuse her, she would take baby upstairs again; lie was going to wake up.  METEOROLOGICAL STATIONS. (To the Editor 'Post' and 'Herald.') Sir, — A- paragraph appeared in a Melbourne paper of the 17th Sep tember, which stated that Senator Maughan had requested in the Sen - ate that 'a more efficient system of weather warning stations should be established in the cyclonic areas along' the Queensland coast.' Ic this, connection, I would ask what ha£ happened to the most complete chains of oWssrviiig sta tions that - I personally established Ultra, and equipped with the best instalments that London can pro duce when I was in charge of the Qi&ensland meteorological service ? [ read further that Hr. Hunt 'has completed arrangements that will make Brisbane an up-to-date meteor ological station, equipped witn in- . etruments specially made to. suit the northern climate.' Surely there is such a thing as justice in Austra lia, and in that sacred cause pray allow me to speak. Has the test of my life's work gone for nothing 1 For 16 vears I was head of the Queensland Meteorological Depart ment. and during that time I estab lished, as the Hon. Bobert Philp Fully admitted, 'a meteorological and weather warning system . second ' to none in the world.' The Brisbane station was first-class ia every res pect when I had charge, and in ig? . noring this a cruel wrong has been done to me. Is all my work in Queensland, faithfully done to the* last item, to be thus negatived, and not a word of credit accorded 1 Storms were warned and forecasts issued by me that we're verified' to 95 per cent, in accuracy, and not 'only was this done for Queensland, but for every part of Australasia, a* the people will remember. And all this on an annual vote, of £1500, as ' against £22,000, I be lieve, now expended by the Federal Weather Bureau. Great goodness what do they -fo with the money 1 The Koombana went down, and so did the Yongala without, it ap pears, a word of warning. The Commonwealth Meteorologist, a few., days ego performed 'grotesque ex periments in Jfelbourne. showing how the latter steamer foundered. Mr. Hunt talks of - instruments specially suited to the northern cli mate. This is mere moonshine. Standard instruments such as I em ployed and personally fixed in posi tion orer the whole cf Queensland, including Cape York Peninsula and the far west, are available all the world over, -and the sooner the Minister in charge realises this, and asks a few questions; the better it will be for a long-Buffering public and shipping. Let justice be .done, though the heavens fall ! I guarantee that if I were resident either at Cairns, Townsville, Bowen, Xlackay. 0r Rockhampton during the hurricane season, with .my own private instruments, not a storm should slip through my fingers with out most ample warning being given. In conclusion, I am very decidedly of opinion that, in exist ing circumstances, a special weather bureau should be established in North Queensland, say at 1 Cairns, or Townsville, entirely independent of Commonwealth control, and the sooner it is done the better- Snrsltr Queensland will listen . to my voice ! —Yours, etc., CLEMENT L. WRAGG-E, F.R.G.S.j_F-R. Met. Soc.. etc. Late Government Meteorologist of Queensland.  WRAGGE'S PREDICTION. .In view ôf stsbsebuent happenings and present weather indications, ii is interesting to reprint th; follow- ing, remar ;s from an article on the s:m soot theory, written by Mr. Clement Wragge in 1906, and pub- lished in 3Iay of that year : "It takes the sun just ab~>ut threî and a half years to get from the time of its "oiver energy to tte time of the highest ensrgj--and then the opposite change gradually begins you will reach the crest ot the wave about December, 1904-good seasons will pnibably embrace 1906 and part of 1907. Then, if yoi are wise, you will be prepared to see tile season's gradually grow drier, with the disappearance &lt; of the "sun spots." At last, wit'iin 1912-13 you will probably reach the climax in another drought, but not so severe as th-; ia; it one. Many foolish folk will cry on;e more, "'Oh. 0ld Wränge is mad !" I am barely in my prime-jut I shall not «jiarrel with them over my age or my Innwljdge. Let thsm go on thinking that my brain is as stip- pled as the plums in. "spotted do,'." What does it matter ??- I have spo en the truth-and ever remera: there is no higher religion. Well ! Watch (ind prove my. "tlfeories" f0r yourselves ! The sun will soon bo in the height of his energy-int tba Zenith of his valuable career, with his gi£i_ntic cyclones an:l anti- cyclones in full play. " "Watch" the l>«_>ers and the cablegrams, and vou will surely read of heavy dis "SSaíteía, Australia, ?- Xew Zeal- and, Tasmania ind Antarctica." Thi .?bregiaing. iras wxitttTv-nearly five ¡cad a half years ago, and it is in- teresting to note how far the pre iliction has been verified by happen. ¡ogs -apid present iniîc&tions. -  SAYINGS OP TO-DAY AND YESTERDAY. circumstances alter kisses.—Caro lyn Wells. Many are men of probity—until you begin to probe.—J. Whitman. The man who can't remember when he was a fool is one yet.—Strickland Gillian. About the only way a woman can keep a secret is to keep it going.— Nathan Levey. Woman: A being to run away from, or with—as tho case may be.—Elbert Hubbard. Young men, 1 have to advise you to try to be good rather than groat. You'll have less competition.—T. Lawson. The wages of sin is exposure.—Es telle Klauder. i A high old time lays many a man ' low.—Cole Blease. On the door of success is "push," In brass.—Upton Sinclair. Lots of peoplo will take everything for granted, except a hint.—Green wood Lake. . 'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all, but it Isn't so cheap.—Sam Stlmson. The trouble with the average mar ried man is that he doesn't know what a jewel his wlfo is till he comes to put hor in a casket.—General Sickles; "Northerner" writes:—Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of tho rain which promises and never comes, it is curious to note that -when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comos to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been tho caso frequently in tho past. A happy monsoon struck tho north last week, and It was to tho oxtent of 21 InclioB in one part of tho. tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about In those climos whore during the monsoon time any place north of Townsviile which doesn't get Its ten IncheB or bo of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are oarly this season, and if history ropeats It self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti- j cyclones which spell rain for the Bouth of th« continent. Th« psarl flshors at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to tho offect tbat an onrly monsoon moans a placid summer, and when tlioy havo a placid ono we hnvo a wot one. Wo can do with It. It isn't so much that a woman wouldn't, but she hatos to think that you think sho would.  Cairns Chamber of Commerce, Monthly Meeting ~ - A Northern Meteorological Station. Some Interesting Correspondence. Health Matters in Innisfail District, Tbe Monthly meeting of the Cairns Chamber of Commerce was held on Friday afternoon. Mr. T. H- Eonald son presided, and there were also present Messrs. B. Sturt, H. Wilson, It. T. McManus. A. -J:- Draper, J. Smithers, and the secretary (Mr. £h S. Mann). Tbe following matters were dealt with in .the L.ward correspondence : — . From the Einaaleigh Shire Coun cil, enclosing a letter sent to ' the Postal ' Inspector, asking for an al teration in the mail service to and from Cairns. The present service/ it was pointed out, was unsatisfac tory, as all stations west of Alma Pen got practically only one mail a wfo'i each way. It was decided to refer the letter to the executive for reply. The Chillagoe Hail way Traffic Man ager wired : 'Re charge, Dimbulah, we have made no charge for re-bo ol.- ing at Dimbulah* - I understand the . charge is made .by some agent there. We only, propose to charge for 'extra handling.' The following further wire was also received : -'If the business people doing business with Mount Mulligan open ledger accounts at Dimbulah for the Mount Mulligan railway freights, there need be fio agency charges. We will simply re book in the usual way. From tha secretary, Townsville Chamber of Commerce, enclosing a letter from Dr. Niscet on the subject of a meteorological bureau for North Queensland. The letter le-d as follows : 'Melbourne, April 21. The secretary, Townsville .Chamber of Commerce, — Vovr letter of ths 9th.' instant on this subject reachcd me on m.v' arrival in Melbourne on Fri . «'a.v, April 17th, and as my stay wa6 li' ely to be short, I ' d:d not d -lay in getting to writ 2 on the mat ter. ' I saw the Under Secretary for Home A flairs at 4 p.m., and discuss ed it with him. . The Minister (Mr, (Kelly) had left for Sydney that 'cftpm on, and was not returning un til Monday. The Under Secretary could offer no opioion beyond that the Department hed done all that wa£ possible, and he suggested that It. would be well to interview Mr. Hunt, in order to come to some ar rangement. - Although Mr. Hunt s \iews were well known, I did not thins it wise to object to this sug gestion, and tVe aip ointment was mado for 10.30 the following Satur day morning. I found Mr. Hunt still obstinately oppesed to any modification of the existing arrange \ ments of weather bureaus. He main tained that everything possible was done, and the Brisbane office had full instructions to issue inde» fendent weather warnings as fre quently as was thought necessary, in times of urgency, and that was all that . was required. No argument 1 «ould use .would obtain any further conciliatory* proposal from Mr Hunt, and after an interview lasting close upon two hours, I stated my inten tion to bring the matter directly un Ider the notice o! the Min'dter for Affairs. With regard to employing Mr. Clement Wragge to issue inde pendent weather forecasts during the cyclone season, Mr. Hunt stated he wonld welcome such action on the part of the northern residents a-, cal culated to show how unnecessary * cuch a station was, and how wo would get no more practical infor mation or warnings than we were getting at present. This, I think, is seriously open to doubt. On Mon day, 20th. I was able to arrange an interview with the Honorary Minis ter (Mr. Kelly) who has charge of the Department of Home A&airs, for 3.15 p.m., In order to surpo.t tha case, I asked Senator Givcns and tha Hon. F. Bamford to accompany me, which they willingly, did. Mr. Hunt was present at the request of the Department. Senator Givend intro duced the deputation, and took the opportunity to 'point- out the- difiira bility of a wireless station beirg es tablished at Cairns and Mac'_ay, to ^ convey . information in cass of the land lines failing. This was really foreign to the subject-, but the Minis ter accepted . it as a meejos of com bating the argument re failure to telegraphic communication. I ad vancer! every rca:on . possible why the Northern weather station was necessary, but aftier an interview lasting three-quarters of an hour, cpuld only obtain a promise from the Minister. that the matter would receive serious .consideration, aid the establishment of . wireless stations at Cairns and Mackay would be strong lv recommended to facilitate the transmission -or ? observations and the issuing of forecasts along the Queensland coast. I was asked by Mr. Hunt to point out that his de partment had fully the interests of North Queensland in mind, and to gi ;e the present s^ stem a trial to sea how far his office was meeting the necessities of the case. There is no doubt that the department is being entirely guided by Mr. Hunt ill this controversy, and I see no hope of any further concessions beirg made in *fy.t direction. Until this agitation began there is no doubt the Federal Meteorological Bureau existed chiefly for the southern traveller and pas toralist, and North Queensland was almost overlooked. This campaign has improved matters somewhat, and some points have been gained which wore at first refused, which shows that continued 'agitation may gam further advantages. I would sug gest that if Mr. Clement Wragge is in the neighbourhood , he might be in vited to meet th=. Chamber of Com meree'or others interested, and dis cuss' the matter from a technical point of view, for it is with scien tific points now that we are opposed by Mr. Hunt, who uses arguments which obviously cannot te contradic ted bv the casual' observer. A sug gestion has been made to me that a consensus of opinion of the cap tains and PUots trading with the Queensland coast would be val uable as to the -v durability of exhibiting storm warnings at all important stations and lighthouses, in case of dangerous weather condi tions .threatening. I would be ob liged. if you would send a copy of this letter to the Cairns Chamber of Commerce, as' I would li.-e them -to know that my efforts fcaTe not been directed to forwarding the in terests of Townsville alone, but the whole No-th Queensland coast— ?Yours faithfully, .W. B. NISBET. The President said tbati 3'. Car ter, manager for Dalgety and Co., would move at the conference of Local Authorities to te held in Perth this month the following resolution : 'That the Chambers of Commerce and Northern public being most con cerned in the cstablichment of a meteorological bureau in North Queensland, with a. view, to Safe- ' guarding the public and shipping at sea as well as in port during -tEe Cy» c onic, season of the year by furnish ing timely warnings (cyclones in the north of Queensland being of annual occurrence) the matter be urged upon the Minister for Home Affairs as ol vital importance, and reciting the earliest attention, so that effect may te gi.en thereto in December In an ticipation of the season 1915.' Mr. McManus moved that a letter of than' s be sent to Dr. Nesbit and the Townsville Chamter of Com merce. and that Mr. Carter be asVed to represent the Cairns Chamber of Commerce at the general conference to be held at Perth. The motion was carried. Regarding .the formation of com mittees to deal with various matters affecting the Chamber, between the meetings, it was decided ? to ask the executive to furnish a report at the; n°xt meeting. Mr. Sturt said he had recently visl t d the J ohnstone River district. There was a disease going about there called Sprue. His id a was to write to the Tropical Institute at Towns eille, and ask If this was re ceiving proper attention. He assured than that thtf number of people who had died from this disease, and the number who had suffered from it, would paralyse his hearers.. In a letter to the ]-ress some time ago. Dr. Tyrie had nsVed if those in charge of the Institute of Tropical Diseases had ever given any advice ? o tbe public or doctors on various matters, and - thrre was no answer. It would tie interesting to 1 now what the Institute were doing in this matter. He moved 'That the sec retary write to the Institute of Tropical Diseases at Towqprille, and also the Towns rille Chamber of Com merce, regarding the possible spread of Sprue in the North, ' it being- re* ported that it was somewhat com mon in the Innisfail district,' also suggesting that circulars be sent to various bodies dealing with- this caus2, treatment, and cure of this disease.' Mr. Sturt added. that he had been asked by some of the In n'sfail residents to bring this matter before the Cairns Chamber .of Com-; merce, and felt he should do so. Mr. A. J. Dr.rper seconded the motion, which xras carried. In response to a letter from 1he Korth. American Manufacturers' Ex port Association, it was decided that the Chamber become an honor ary member of that As~ocia?ioij. This condudcd the business.  OF RURAL INTEREST, (Special for this Paper). (B1 "Runstic") Last weeok I quoted the report issued bi- the Central Weather Blureau and it was a doleful story of drought. It out lined a prospect that nias far from pleasing. - but between the time of .ilting my contribution and its-appear ance 11 print a change came over the spirit of things. As the Minister for Agriculture happily put it, "gold waS found in all parts of Victoria." That is exactly what that downpour meant. 1t put gold into the pocket of the man on the tand as surely as if each of him had discovered it on his farm. Thus the Central Weather Bureau has a dif fereuit tale to tell this week and has the added satisfaction in telling it that it upheld the theory which Mr. Archi bald,. the eminent London Meteorolo gist, advanced that the time for the lean years is not yet--ot for another five years. - It may be shrewdly suspect ed that that communioation from Mr Archibald was specially obtained to "coonfound the politics" of the pessi mistic tMr. Wragge. The force-regulat ing meteorological. conditions has set the seal upon the judgment of the neo Daniel and Mr \ ragge is discomfited as. was SIhylock. Therefore 'the Com monwealtl Meteorologist can gleefully report that the break-up of the long drought is the great outstanding fea ture of last week's weather. Over the interiors of all the Eastern States the change from intense drought condi tions to those attending abundant rains was most decisive, especially so in the case of Queensland and North of. New South Wales, and the seasonal prospects throughout Eastern Australia are now completely altered for the better. The groat rain storm responsible for this began to develop in Western Queens land on the 6th instant; by the 8th it was producing general rains from the Gulf of Carpentaria to the New South Wales border, and on the 9th heavy rains were setting in over the whole of Queensland, New South Wales, Victor is, and a large part of South Austra lia. These rains were, of course, of tropical origin, and were acconmpanied by the formation of a tongue of low barometric pressure extending South ward from the Gulf of Carpentaria to Western Victoria, the whole develop ment bearing a remarkable resemblance to that of the great monsoonal storm which flooded the Mallee in February, 1911. On the 10th high pressure over Central Australia cut the low pressure through in two and the weather rapid ly cleared. During the remainder of the week mild weather with northerly winds marked the slow approach of a cyclonic depression from over thle Ilight, and by Friday morning further good rains, mnostly the result of thua derstorms on Thursday evening, were reported generally, with promise of more. Mild weather to follow the rain, which was much desired, has been ex perienced, as the temperatures show. The highest reading for the week was 70 at Yarrawonga, and the lowest at ordinary elevations, 35 at Nhill: The week's rainfall is given as follows:- 35allee: From 65 at Rainbow to 163 at Kancira; Wimmera: from 36 at Minyip to 125 at Stawell; Northern Country: from 65 at Numurkah to 217 at Avoca; North-East: from 65 at Omeo to 183 at Whitfield; Central North: from 61 at Castlemaine to 210 at Daylesford; Western: from 13 at Terang to 107 at Ballarat; Central: from 42 at 3Mel bourne to 124 at Ballan; Gippsland : from 21 at Port Albert to 96 at Gabo. It may be taken that the primary ob ject of an experimental farm in such a locality would be to demonstrate irri gation methods. Yet the Committee finds that the grading and channelling of the area at present under lucerne cannot be claimed to have reached tie standard of an up-to-date irrigation farm. Much of the lucerne area is ex tremely patohy, and bears evidence of want of attention. Cereal crops have been grown on the dry farming area, but it does not appear that any special cultural methods other than those gen erally practised in the district have been adopted. Experiments have been carried out in dry farming and irri gation, but they have lacked system and continuity, and have served no useful purpose, as no proper records have beeni kept. The financial results have been most unsatisfactory, and as the method of bookkeeping has not been systemat ised it is impossible to apportion the amount of loss to each bra:nch of farm activities. As a demonstration of liow to get to the insolvency court quick the details of the finances of the farm are interesting They are: Year. Expenditure. Revenue. 1905-1906 .. £1,887 17 6 £20 1 3 1906-1907 .. 2,951 13 7 498 14 8 1907-1908 .. 3,225 0 3 310 17 0 .1908-1909 .. 3,477 3 4 580 7 10 1909-1910 .. 2,826 18 10 805 16 5 1910-1911 .. 3,312 17 10 838 10 0 "1910-1911 .. 586- 5 9 152 17 3 5To 30th Oc?tober, 1911. The proportional expenditure was as follows:-Lahor, 30 per cent.; imple monts. 13.5 per cent.; permanent im provements, 12.4 per cent. i rent, 9.1 per cent.; maintenance, 8.6 per cent.; live stock, 8.9 per cent. provislons, 0.6 per cent. furniture, 2.4 per cent.; forage, 1.4 pear cent.; seed, 1.3 per cent.; manure, 0.38 per cent. There is no doubt that there were, and are, possibilities for much useful ness in an experimental farm af the kind.- It is a self-evident fact that the Committee points out when it says the average settler would find it im possible to devote sufficient time, or in cur the expense necessary, to conduct experiments necessary to the proper ap plication of new methods, and that the primary purpose of the Wyuna farm should be to carry out a vigorous pol icy of systematic and continuous ex perimental work to discover data on which the future practice in newly irri gated settlements may be based. The Committee is not sanguine that muoh could be made of the farm even if pro perly managed, but recosnmends that if it is retained the following investi gations should be carried out:--Lrriga tion.-Acquiring of exact data regard ing the quantity of water required by various irrigated crops under diverse systems of cultivation and soil treat ment; manurial investigations conduct ed under irrigation conditions. The de tertnliatlion of thle valute of liming under Y;triolS (onldiions, suitable c(rop rotas tioln for irri' gteid L?,ds, -ixperlmens to Sh,)w the valu' Or s.tihnre isc of cultirat ig; groi .ing ,cr.ps. ol lue-rilne, and test in- all vari-tis- of lucerne; the growing of lucerne se-d for distribution; experi Ints- to determine the value of differ ect ftitder (l'ops and gasses; experi ments i ithl cows and pigs,using cereals, torl'a',Z'esc hlc''rlluc , eusil:age, nllgtura|l pas tllres and artilcial foods singly and in varios immlbinat.ions. Dry Farming,- The raising and systenasic testing of siehttedl cer'·e:ls, true to Iuaiiie and pure, ftr distribiutioi among growers; cuilur al and till:age experimenlts; crop rota tion aind manurial tests and investiga tionis relating to the best metholds of arresting the deplhtion of the organic contents of the stiff Goulburn Valley soil. There is a very wide scope for real ly valuable experimetal wok in all this, but to get it done upon lines that would inspire anything but derisionll in the people it would he intended to teach, there would need to be an et tsire departure from the methods which have hitherto been in operation in State undertakings of the kind. .The report of the special comunittee deputed to inquire into the affairs of the \\'y:ua State Farnm discloses a con dition of lthings even worse than was suspected. 'I ero have been pientj' of instances of the failure of tho Stato to successfully run enterpries of this kind. None have made quite such a bad showing as this, but, perhaps, that is because none has hithcnto had such a penetrating search-light directed at its affairs as the enquiry juct cvmpuh-t ed. The Wyuna fi.tn crslirises 340 acres. It was acquired from the Closer Settlement Board in 19015, to denon strate irrigation and dry farminlg pa sibilities, and was expected to be a lin ancial st~ccess. There was a sulcession of lnauagers and also an advisory Board. Tloe Ucnlmitteo states bluntly that tIhe farm ias been an utter failuro from an educational a:d experim?intal point of view, and a deplorable failure financially. The total expenditure stands at £17,967/16/3, and the totsal re venue at £3,20714/5. The lab'r bill amounted to £1,300 per anmun, exceed ing by Iroro than double the revenue of the farm. It is mentioned that tile ex penditure on manures and fertilisers only amounted to £70j1714 in 51 years, or about 6d. per acre per annum, but whether this is to be taken as a com mendable feature of the ma:agemtc or otherwise, is not made clear. One in stance of the managememnt. wl.idc needs no comtncent is a tra:sacticn in wdhich 200 sheep were purchased for £103/6/8, and several months after were sold for £103/6/11. It is satisfactory to note that the coming of the rain has caused the Minister to reconsider the proposal to stop the importation of farm workers. There is so much to be done in the development of the untouched produc tive areas of this State, which remains undone chiefly because of the insuffi ciency of hands to do it, that to stay the trickle of immigration of the class of men needed for that work must be regarded as calamitous. It has been a hard matter to get that trickle started, and to stop it would be very ill-advised. The free and easy fashion in which importers can brinng diseased potatoes into this State calls for a reform, and the action of the uclac Agricultural Society in deciding to bring themnatter under the notice of the Minister of Agriculture in the shape of a strong protest will have the support of potato growers in all parts of Victoria. It was pointed out at the meeting of the Colac Society that other States had adopted stringent regulations to pre vent the importation of diseased tubers, and in West Australia these regulations are strictly enforced, al though potatoes in that State are at famine prices. Potato-growing is an important part of Victoria's rural pro duction, and deserves all the protec tion that canl be obtained tor it.  TH E PO ST. j TUESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1313. JR HüBT CSiíHISED. Since the reply of Mr. Hunt to the deputation from the Cairns Chamber of Commerce, which waited upon him to ask that a mereorological station be estab- lished here in order to expedite storm warnings, the Common- wealth Meteorologist has been subjected to a good deal of criticism. The latter has not come from people with only a very cursory and superficial knowledge of the subject, but from experts who are in author- ity to speak, and whose utter- ances command attention and respect. A few days ago ' the "Post" published a letter from "M.v. Clement. WraRgc, t\\c ve- ri owned meteorologist.--and. in'tb«' course of his remarks the latter said : "The Koombana went down, and so did the Yongala, without, it appears, a word of warning. Thc Commonwealth Meteorologist a few days ago performed grotesque experiments in Melbourne, showing how the latter steamer foundered; Mr. . Hunt talks of instruments speci- ally "suited to the northertf'dim ate. This is mere moonshine. Standard instruments such" as" I employed and personally ;fixed-ia position over the whole ot Queensland, including Cape . York Peninsula and the Far West, are available all the world overhand the sooner the Minister in charge realises this, and asks a few questions, the better it v will be for a long-suffering public and shipping. Let justice be done, though the heavens fall í I guarantee that if I were resident either at Cairns, Townsville, Bowen, Mackay; or Rockhampton during the hurricane season, with, my own private instruments, not a storm should slip through my fingers without most ample warning being given. In con- clusion, I am very decidedly of opinion that, in; existing circum- stances, a special weather bureau should bc- establish-'' in North Queensland, say at Cairns or Townsville, entirely independent of Commonwealth control, and the sooner it is done the bettes. Surely Queensland will listen to my* voice I" What has Mr. Hunt. .-to^^v-T^rrfc^^^^iScEul^ and convincing utterances of Mr. Wragge, who knows what he is. talking about, because his know- ledge of meteorology is- unchal- lenged ? Surely Mr. Hunt's re- marks about telegrams between Cairns and Brisbane and Cairns and Townsville occupying the same time in transmission. pale into insignificance when. placed beside the telling arguments of Mr. Wragge. During the course of his reply to the Cairns Cham- ber of Commerce, Mr. Hunt over ¡md over again displayed the fact that he could not get the idea out of hts head that, because' a few thousand people were liv- ing within the cyclone belt they were not entitled to as much at- tention as, if not greater than - iny thousands outside that , lt. Let it bc granted that Vewcastle has violent storms at ! different periods of .the- year, I pl>o allow the statement. that Geelong has unwelcome disturb- ances pf Nature, that does - not counteract or mitigate the death dealing cyclonic infernos to which North Queensland is subjected in the first few months of' the year.' i The grim fact was mentioned to Mr. Hunt that between Towns- ville and Thursday Island more people had been drowned to the j square mile than in any other part of Australia, and the Com- monwealth Meteorologist did not deny it, but he was adamant to the request of the Chamber for a meteorological station in North Ouecnsland, The criticisms, .of Mr. Hunt's reply have led _to: more than one question being asked in the House of Represen- tatives by Queensland members who know what a northern cy- clone is, and the Postmaster-Gen- eral has promised to call for ~a full and exhaustive report on the subject. Mr. Hunt made sever- al allegations against the ship- ping compánies, one being that masters were hauled over .the i coals if they did not run theil vessels to time, and another I that, .although , lie : had arrangée Ator tùc ' transmission "Ot wirclc* weather messagesMree his offe had met with no response. Bot' . these. allegations have been de nied by the shipping companies and in this connection it is ir teresting to note the remarks c Captain Irvine, of the Inn? mincka, who went .through tbi year, oft Cairns, .what tis pas: engers described as "the vor te bf "a hell let loose/' The ri marks referred to were contaii ed* in a letter which was printe in the "Post" on Monday. Ca] tain Irvine, after referring ti and giving instances of thc ui reliability of weather forecas: issued in the South, went on 1 say:'"It is hardly worth whi remarking on the statemei made "by the Commonweal! Meteorologist to the -Cain deputation, that ship maste were forced to sea by the : sh owners, to encounter hurrican or any weather. But there a a great many persons who. ( not read the forecasts.; ai they might. think that there some truth in the statemei The Australian ship masters ha lost too much by hurricanes wish their ships to meet then it means at least a very hea repair bill, ? perhaps1 a total los and ship owners like their rnoi] just as much as other peop' The Australian ship masters a no more anxious to meet hur canes than the meteorologi: and they would like to keep far away from them as he doe; but unfprtuiiately^tliey^.Ac*nn£ and' that is just exactly why t Cairns Chamber. o£ Commei asked him for a station in t cyclone belt. They did not a him to transfer the station fn Brisbane, as he informed 1 Press they had done. They a: ed on behalf of the seamen, I travelling. ' public, ~ the; NOT Queensland people; and Austr ians at large, that a competí meteorologist bc sent to 1 cyclone belt to studv these h ricanes. Was it too much ask for, seeing that there is ha Iv a family in North Oueenslj that has not.given its share the death roll of thp cyclone sea and on; land ? We have li some of our best men, our b friends, and our best ships them. , If blood is the price the station, we have bought fairly." In .the. face;of.such c dence, cán the Commonwea Government turn a deaf ear ? exhibit indifference to the dang- ers which beset North Queens- land in the cyclonic belt?* The urgency of the situation demands, nromot action, and it is hoped , it will be-taken. ' ¡  OUR WEATHER 8ETTLED TILL 1030. MR. WRAGGE AND THE SUNSPOTS. In these days, when thoso once ?honored- prophets -of.; the weather — the corns and gouty limbs of our elders — have given place to scientific forecast, the farming community hangs with bat ed breath upon the utterances of the experts. The Auckland ' Star,' copies of . which arrived by the s.s. Rivcrina, in terviewed . Mr. Clement Wraggc, F.R.G.S.— the , one-time Queensland Government Meteorologist, and the'' foreteller -of the .disastrous Australian droughts—at his 'home at' Birkenhead the other day. ' ' :. . . Mr. Wraggc willingly acquiesced when asked if he would venture .'a forecast. The celebrated weather pro phet lives in intimate communion with tho weather portents. An odd-looking barometer, was at his elbow in. his; queer, workshoplike study; shelves of meteorological tomes lined. the room. Outside was a boxlike structure which, to the uninitiated, might have been a meat-safe or a bird cage. It; was, in; fact, a miniature observatory, in which clockwork and electrical instruments ie_ gistercd tho vagaries' of the atmo sphere, or turned turtle, by an alarum arrangement, to tell the state of the temperature at- a given time o' nights. The meteoiologist fetched a huge telescope, , formidable as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting lays of the sun, and allowed a bright half crown of light from the lens— the pho tograph of the sun— to play on a white blotting1 pad. 'No sunspots and no lain just yet,' was his rueful verdict. ' I!vo been expecting one just lately. _ It should appear to-morrow or the next day on the edge of the sun, and when it works to the centre, conditions will be favor able to rain.' The prophet noxt gave the baiomctcr a professional rap, jotted down a fig ure, and dubiously said 'Umph.' Pro ducing a chart of the Australasian re- - gions, he went outside to test the di rection of the wind and to find the lay of the low atmospheric* pressure region, and thon commence to rapidly draw wavy '..'isobars' on the chart. \Mr. Wraggc has 'computed forecasts for the seasons of Australia up till 'Q3°v and these, he says, are applic able to New Zealand, with slight 'modi fications, owing to . physical and geographical reasons. During 1914 and part of 1915.' «e says, the rain fall, taking Australasia as a whole, will be under tho average. This by no means implies that there will be - no rain. On the contrary, good interven ing rains will occur, and the last part of this period will be better than, the first. From the middle .of 191 5 on wards, the rainfall will markedly in creaso, and from 1916 to 1920, inclu sive, ,the. seasons will .be ,-distinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will bogirl to steadily fall off,- and the. worst part of the next groat ' under-average' pe riod will be 1923 and- 1924. .Austral ians will be justified in -calling that_ a drought. In 1925, mattors will begin to improve, .and good seasons will pre vail from 192G to 1930. These ' forecasts, explained' - Mr. Wragge, arc mainly based on the phy sical condition of the sun with respect to its maxima and minima moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we are ncaring the end of the solar minimum — or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we on earth had no conception, were least violent. The maximum period would com mence at the end of 191 5, and until then, although he did not expect the seasons to be so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must not be anticipat ed. Intervening rains in New Zea land should give a heavier fall than in Australia* In the droughts he pre dicted, New Zealand would not suffer to tho same extent as Australia, owing to its climate being insular, whereas that of the latter was continental.  3JOTE8 OF THE WEEK. THE WEATHER. The moet popular conversational stand-by has prove* more taan ordinarily capricious lately, and the steree typed remark* concern ing 'the Treather' are charged with real In terest. Storms,, fleode, then duststorms and cyclones, pnsctttated by oecaeioaal earth quake shocks, indicate something peculiar in the terrestrial conditioas. The science ot ?weafcker forecasting has made satisfactory progress «f recent years, tout it must remain largely emjsirioal u»til Tre, or ratfe«r the scientists deputed to staler saeb thSnfes, get to know more afcout the &ub, the power-Jiause of the eolar system, and supreme controller :©£ earthly weatker happenings. It is how only vaguely1 knovn th*t spots in the sun' are as eociatcd -with terrestrial -weather conditions. .Mr.- Wragge, -who plunges In, where. angels fear to trv&d, associates them also wfth. earth quakes. Whether tbie ; guess proves correct or otherwise, it is' evidtent that the true key to our -weather is in the. sun, which must, therefore, he studied, hy scientists until tlve mystery is solved.  THE FOLLOWING APPEARED IN Yesterday's g DESTRUCTIVE CALES. WRAGGES WEATHER IN AMERICA - [Router'* Menage,] . Now York, Sunday. Jin several portions of tho United States during tho past two days very ?overe weather has been experienced, entailing loss Df life and sonous dam- age to property. Yesterday a , great storm, accompanied by blizzards and . an exceptionally low temperature, raged over tho Rockies and the country; bor- dering Pennsylvania. It is known that nt least SO persons perished ' in this port of tho country, while over 200 were injured. ? ,. Cyclones are reported . from- the states of Louisiana and Arkansas. ' in which the villages of Lower Peach Treo. 'Saline, and Hoxio were wrecked. Twenty residents were killed in these places, and almost ©very building was raced to tho ground. Whom sections of tho statt» of Tennessee wero devas- tated, and tann houses Buffered especi- ally. At Thomasville, in Alabama, nine negroes wero killed. Trains, telephone, and telegraph ser- vices were paralysed in all directions. - The storm was also felt in Canada, and Winnipeg has been completely cut off from tho outer world, not only by tele- graph and telephone, but by rail ns «ol!. -  1" Jl?aM'^^8BiCgTT77ir.-.y,"»; BRIEF MENTION. More climatic changer. Lwb week ond oaw a big drop in tetnprra'urea, with more or less rain. The thermometer la ouco again climbing up. The back of the summer may be broken, bafc it appiara to have b lot of vitality loft* A special mooting of the Municipal Council haa boon called for to-night (Faiday)£)r the purpose of electing & Mayor for the ensuing year. Local fruit garJena are in splendid order oince the recent rain«, and the display at the Methodist Fruit Show lieib weolc ahoul i bean abractive one. The Shire President far 1010 will be chouen at a special meeting of tho Oojbang Shire Council on Monday morning prior to tho ordinary meet ing. Shooting at the now rifle rauge a,t Molong on Anniversary Day Chptain W. Diy'od the Bum^ury'Olub. put on five • bullies ' without a sighter and fol lowed thia up by aiding two mora. Offing to tho ad v moo in wages and material the locil b'askimibhq hivo found it necessary to riviae thoir shoe ing rates, the oh\r&lt;es being aligbbly in creased in all seotijnB. ta reply to ho request £>r a woi.gh bridge lib Diroulnlgie th&lt;> Tliilway Commissioners inbimb • th^'v tho limi ted traflij does nob warrant tho expense that would be incurred. Our local joweller, AGP Bollin ger, has just im pot ted a geuuino lever watch in gun metal case which at the prtoo baoge croation. It ia guaranteed for 12 months and oaly coata 151 Sd.* It is rumored in aome qu irtors thab there it) a possibility of a Municipal bye-electijon at an early dat®. A Muni cipal ontesb juat at the proB'Jtib junc ture would bo lively and interesting. Miis Oamoron'a meebing at Weat'j. Hi*!! the other evening was the mos orderly joplitscod gathering wc have ever attended. 5Thoro was not a solitary interjection orinC^rpptiou from start bo finish. Tho annual meriting of couimonotu called for laBt Thtersday oveuing, lapsed for want o"f ajbbofldttinoo, Nob a solitary commoner —ttoti oven a Truoteo-|-put in an appoaranco at fcho appointed hour. Door slip®! from la 6d to 6rl each Oarpeb-bedside slips and In 6d li l'ld 2-163. Hciarth ruga at 3s 6d 5a 6d 7/6 and 10a 6d oaob. All widths and q-i »litioa for linoleums at It S Howard ®nd Sons® District farmers should look out for fche demonstration in ensilage-making at the experimental plota on Mr Noah's (farm. Wo hopo to bo able to annonnoo tho exMfc date of tho demon«feration in a couple of weeks. .The Peak Hill " Elxproaa " man com pUiOri that'tbe mosquitoes arobecoming fth awful pest out tfnfc way. Wait till you meet aomo Bogan GroyB in b itfJo «ray, Mac. Then (if you live to toll fthe tale) you will bo able ta write fjol ingly on tho subject. A public mooting at Peak Hill efttv riod a resolution in favor of the estab liahccionb of a Soliool of Arfja at that cootm. The Mayor and oome of tho other rwfii-donta oppoaod the proposal, and fchore a big chance that tho Dchomc will coHfipoo for tho proaont. .Tho three Sonatorht candidates in fcha Xiabor iuteroBtn aro announced to iinentk W1 Hoyal Hall thlw (Ifiid&y) ZmL. throo A'» (' Albert' Gardiner,V # ' MoDongolI, and • Arthu'1' R'ltf) a lont* dry alrad, and bhe po^itfivl pojjbt- h s'nwn by John Norton will not'tfco path any smoother. Something for tho Lidioa—W Mouideu at the corner shop has jinh opened up a Hue fiBSortmont of Toilet EeqisitioH, of ovory kind, ouch as slcin Boap, Violotta ao»p, cold oroana and glycerine, Witch Harsolino Snow, violet powder and perfumes of tho boat raalcors. All at low prioop, Call ^ud iuupuut4 The Rev W Finlay Brown, returna i homo from hiB holiday at the seaside to-day (Friday). Try Oortwright'o famous Hop Beer The Spmmer beverage. Once taafeed always aokod for.—0 Mr F P Goudgo haa Bucoeaafully undergone a aerioua operation ^ in Sydney, find at latest waa making favorable progress. Millars Mart, the Did established noted hou»e for bedsteads, bedding, and wirj mattrassea.^ The training triick at the loc»l race course haa been ploughed, and also harrowed sever il times, aince the late rains, and i&lt; now in splendid order. Messrs J Shirlaw and Co aonouncea a great bargain oale commencing on Saturday next, 5r,h February, when they will give a 10 per oenfc redaction. A cadefc corpB haa been formed in Molong, but we have not heard of any, fresh development iu connection with the projected establishment of a lical corps. The appointment of Mr A. L Fitz pa'rick, hou of Mr J 0 L Fitzpatriok M.L. 4, aa second lieutenant iu the Australian Army Sorvico 0 irps, h»a been gazetted. Mr F W Giles oE " JeBsefiold" an nounces iu our advertising columns that li3 haa seid wheat (Uomebaek, Federation, and American Prolific) for sale and will forward samples and prices on application. [n'onding exhibitors at the Methodist Ffuit Show and Industrial Ilixhibi ion aro remindo.l o'jafc eutries cIobo ou Monday, 7 th inst, with 1 he hon pborot ary, Mr P A Deeming, care of Messrs R S Howard and Son". Our boo'R anrl shoe* aro ft pleawe to wear. For there's good vajuo an 1 fitting in every pair. JuBt give us a trial and satisfaction ib Bitro,'Cor once haviug worn them, you alwavs want more, R S Howard and Sons* The cookery classes in connection with the Toohnical Education D >part« ment will be re-opened in the Masonic Hall on Monday n?jft, under tho dir ection of Miss Davison, from whom oil particular may be obtained. Nominations for tho priucipal events at tho second annual meeting of the Western District Racing Association which takes place at Orange on the 15th and 16th close with tho eooratary (Mr W Lamrock) on Monday nest. Mr Francis Foy, who paid a viaitto Parkea la&lt;rt week, has generously do nated 50 0OV9 towards the prize money for the annuU mooting of tLe Pftt,^a | Jookoy Olub nex1; vear (1911), tho amount to be divided into two evenln of 21) bovb, the competitors in each to be the progeny of any of Mr Foy s aires. Tho Committoo of tho Fruit Show and Industrial Exhibition to bo held1 in West's hall on February Dili and 10th are offering U 5s in prisas in tho wheat seotion of the Bchedul . Thia ib a progressive move and one that should merit enourago oent from the {armors of tho difltnP^ P Denning hon socrotary.* i Sampjoa of the grain from the ex perimental plote on Mr Natih s farm may bo at Mefflira Boyd ana | Clark's office The samples have been submitted to the usual teat and show the t following weight por bushol;— Skinlbsa barley, lbs; malting bar ley, 541bs; Bobs whoat, 04; I how 6B£ : Bunyip 62 , Rhymer 64 ; Fedor ution ■ 62jt; Comeback 65; Turvey (SPwpIfl gtraw) 63 IAt their sHHng on Friday last, for tho purpose of doahng witfa ^oatftouod applications for tho Mungory Closer Settlement blocks, tho Local Land iJottwi dtottod farm 25, of 1342 acres, i W MuMhows, ftu/J farm 59, of £ , M P J Jleardou. The op 1735 acroH. v" * , t(ivn% &lt;»&lt;> ' t plication of A Mobb .. - ^ " that 1419 aoroa waa withdrawn, anu ' of A G Marx,J for farm 13, of 18JJ acres, .adjourned to Peak HiH. W Dodge's application for farm 11 or 1291 aovop, was postponed to enablo applicant to inspect the bloojf. I The uarial monthly mating of the Goobang Shire Council will be hold on Monday next. ! .The Municipal barometer is very un settled and erratic, and it would need a civic Wraggs to framo a forecast; from it. Tho usud monthly meeting of the Farmers and Settlors Association will be held in the Royal Hall on Saturday afternoon. Mr A. S. Bilcombe haB been re*elec* fed PresiKrit of the Parkes P. and A. Association for the to ith time in Bou'ceosioa. A large contingent of district school touchers arrived by Saturday's train, to be in readiness for " the despatch of business " on Monday m irning. Mil'ftw Mart for household drapery, blankets, sheets, quilts, tible covers, curtains, towels, etc., also kitchen ware.# Tho annual meeting of shareholders in tho Parkos D&lt;ury Company, origin ally fixed for Monday last, Ins boon postponed udtil Wednesday, 9th insfc. A Ootidobolin paper f-ugueets that if the local Railway Leajjne is dead tjome effort should he made to intsr the re mains*, as tho wontborH very warm just now. The annual mooting of Condobeliu Hospitnl subscribers last week was de cidedly lively. There was not uauph of tho spirit of charity and sweet reason ableness about I ho proceadings. Mr F. M. Gibson, who has been ap pointed as manager of the Parkes But ter Factory in succession to Mr W Morrison, arrived on Tuesday, and has entered upon bis duties. Tbo foundation sto^eof tho Burcher operating theatre in ^connection with the Gondobolin hospital was well and tru'y laid on Wednesday week. Thore was a largo attendance and the function was a big sacco e. No man need be without a decent timekeeper when ho cau buy a watch guaranteed for 12 months for the moderate sum of 15s 61. Our local jeweller, A G P Bollinger, wiil be pleaded to show them to any porson in* throated.1* Parkeo cricketera had a rattling good lime at Molong, ani speak in glowing terms of the hospitality oxtouded to thorn. Piirkes will do its bast to return tho comp'iment when theMolong team oomo in Bearch of thoBe aahe?, Grenfoll folk are reviving the agi tation for direotjrailway communication with Forbes, Tha'action of the Minis tor in failing to redeem his promise to plaoe the Forbes-Stockinbingal route before tho Public Works Committee hag apparency given them fresh hope I Every good cook will toll you that enamelled aaijcopangi are absolutely necessary in preparing a good woal, RS Howardand Sons have just. landed a large assortment which thoy are ' selling as follows :—3 pints 2b 6d 1 each, 4 pints 3s ; 7 pints 3d Od ; and Is 1 pints 4s Gd® j The annual tj* rnee itig and concert in connrctiou with St Pauls Church, • Tichboutnn, is announced for Wed neuday, lbth insfc. Tho gathering is ono of th/o events of the year, and 1 every preparation is bejng made to on- 1 | suro that £ho rounjion of ifllQ will bo' up to tb&lt;» standard of previous year-', 1 At a conference hotweon tho proprie tors and employees in the various,local blaoksmithing establishments, hold at Mr Westcott's factory on Monday evening, it was agreod to retain the Saturday half-holiday. The suggestion to alter the half-holiday to Wednesday w.ib strongly opposed by the employee". 11' o looal Goftvofft §chool re-oponod, nflor tho usual OhriiiirnaBjvaoafcioj), ori Monday last. Thore have booh eovoral changes in tho efcjff but candidates will bo ppopared, asiin previous years, for the various munoil osanjiqatioao, both Iiujorotionl and prao ioal, held du'in:* the year. !?Uddeiito will also be prepared for the bursary examinations jnconuootion with St StauiolaaoColloge Path unit, Millar» M-ut for secondhand Htoved all make&lt;&lt;, portable coppois, waahetands batha, etc.® Parkes is badly in oeed of a few en thusiasts to give the local Rifle Olab an impetus. The Forbe9 Municipal Council pro ceeded againsb about; 30 defaulting ratepayers on Tuesday last and obtained verdicts with costs in each case. Mr Goo Ross, late editor of the " WeBtern Reminder," left I or McPhail on Monday fco take up his duties as j teacher of the school at that centre. ! The Local Land Board ha1? boen en* gaged during the week in dealing with a lengthy list of cases and will sit again at Parkes on Friday, 11th inst, Messrs Whitmill and Loader have been re-elected aa vice-presidents of the P. and A. Association, and Mr H. W« Bransgrove re-elected as Treasurer. . Printed drees muslins and cotton voiles usually priced from Od to la 3d now reduced to all one price 6£d per yard- RS Howard and So &lt;6* Mr T. J. Scoble advertises that lie is prepared to recoive]goods and farniture for sale on coramHsion, in addition to all the usual forms of agency buBinesPi At tho Licensing Conrfc on Wed* uosdaya booth license for tho Trundle fjports on TuesJay noxfc was granted to T. M. Green of tho Union Hotel Trund'e. Tho South Coast and tableland milk suppliers are at variance, and a milk war is Bpoken of, A lot of milk may b^ spilt before the dispute is settled, but no one is likely to bo injured.) Mr Wylio of the Publip Works Dj* partmcut visited Parkes on Tuesday for the purpose of investigating the Bn^neial aspect of the suggested Bup* pldSheiitary water supply at Bumbury, Ready made window blinds with roller fitfctings complete 2s 6d each Lapo curtains from 2s 6,1 to 17s 6d pair R S Howard and Sons complete House FurniturerB^ One of tho latest productions in the watch world is now being shown by A G F Bollingor, the looal jeweller. It is a gtin metal lever, and nicely finished and is being sold for the small Bum of 15s 6d.® The first case in connection with the BlopB nuisanco wi»b heard on Wednesday when tho offender was Sued 10a. The Inspector of Nuisances is on tho look out for other transgressor^ who will fiud it wise to heed Wednesday's warn i»g. A Peak Hill message states that •"Messrs M'Grath and Hand were driv ing to Tomingley, and when two miles from Peak Hill the horae gave a plunge and throw them out of the vehicle. Tho animal refused to pro ceed any further- and the men had to walkbaok and obtain another horse. ' Attractions each night afc the Fruit: Show on February 9, 10, and 11, Pianof )rfc), flinging and rocifcinpf com petition*. Humorous items such aa apple bobbin?, nail driving for ladies, ptcM etc, Soheduloa now in circula tion to bo procured from tho secretary, Mr P Donning.® A terrific cyclone, accompanied by hail and boavy rain swopt over Bre warriua diatrict on Friday evening causing between £10,000 and £15,000 tfimago. Public buildings, bijsitjosg places, ehureboa, and homes were ' wreofced in all dirootionf, and smaller animal i wi re killod. Many housoi , will have to be robuilt. J Spoaking at Bugowra on Friday last Mr Waddoll, who was oxcellently re ceived, referred to tho railway com. 1 munioation with Eugowsra, and said 1 that the railway from Oowra to Oano ! wiudra would bo completed in June I next. Tho distanco to construct from Oanowindra fco Iflugowra was about (bwpnty mifea. His colleague (Mr Lee) bad pronged ||im thf>fc trjal survey 1 of this; lino should be made as toon asi I possible. The Government was fully ' alive to the great importance of the J construction of branch lines to tho rich diptricts not yob Rorvod, and had been pressing works of this kind on with grea^euergy during the laBb few yearn,  Now every little city- clerk Delights to wear from dawn till dark The ribbon of some decent club (the little cub), For which he is not a member. Now that the totalisator commission is threading its way through the various States of the Commonwealth, it is safe to predict that the machine wiil be given a fair trial in New South 'Wlales. The principal factor in favour of the totalisator is that the whole concern is in the hands of the clu'bs and invest ors, who are not investing their money on a blind market, as it were. The public make the favourite, not the book makers. Nowadays the leather-lunged fraternityf always select their own favourites. According to an exchange the noted jockey, W. H. Smith, is very wealthy and owner of a terrace of houses jn Auburn, Sydney. Smith started his successful career in Ne»w South Wales when Nerboolas made his deb-ut on the Southern racecourses. Apropos of W. H. Smith, when poor Tommy Clayton, rtider of Posiedon, was injured fatally his last words were "I want to tell you one thing, and that is 'give my motor car to 'Billy' Smith." W. II. still runs round Auburn in the beautiful car. J. E. Brewer, the erstwhile crack jockey, who recently returned from England, states that in twelve months the Wootton family will leave Great Britain for Australia a :d settle on the land. Ivo,r Xjawson, who came all the way frpm America to compete in the six days* cycle event n Sydney, failed to hand the big prize at the critical moment. , L'awson has a unique record in, America, and 'his admirers were very much .disappointed at his failure in Sydney. The McVea-Johnson contest appears to be on aw uneven balance. First Johnson would fight in New South Wales, then Paris. The chances are Johnson will not fight at all. However, if even the pair do meet Sam McVe>a will not dis grace himself, Hartford imay ye$ hSave a sav tin the settlement of affairs in respect to the world's championship. When in Brisbane McVea said, "It's a matter of great difficulty to Inock Ijamgford out, and I am sure our fight on Boxing Bay will go twenty rounds ! " And McVea was right too. From American files it is gleaned thai the Australian yacht Pandora recently left Boston for G-ibraltar, en route to Australia. It will be remembered that the PattdOi^a left Perth (W, A. )some two years ago on a cruise round the world. / All going well the Brisbane contingent of sailing men will leave for Sydney next week with the dingies Com monwealth, Waratah, and the eighteen-footer Pastime. As regards the Commonwealth the tfn-footer is a Inmost certain to catch a race or two, and in the event of a blow Wara tah and Pastime may succeed. Arthur Ptastle, who is to mteet" "Donaldson for the world'4 sprint championship, is in great form, and judging! by his recent trials a Victorian exchange state# that Donaldson will require ;:to be at his very tjest to, defeat the .Queens lander. . . . . . -1. . Writing from the Parranmtta the old tUne ' ctiatrLpion Peter Kemp, of sculling fame, states that he is in the boat 'building line, and...would be pleased to construct ja. few boats for the. Brisbane rowing .clubs. Peter Kemp is alboat builtier- ,by trade, s« he oueht to know the ropes. It was .quite amusing- to -hear the weather prophets (.and. they iare many) predicting a cyclone last week, giving .the shipping the hint for nothing. When the Yong'ala went down there wasn't a word abQ t»t that cyclone, except one given by Wragge-the only Wragge. During .the first week in February, Burt's windo w will exhibit the autumn and winter material? »>r ladies. >. ? i ! ? ! . i GH ARl/rON-AGNEW.-A very interesting wedding tool* place at Dunwich last Wednesday, when Miss, Philip pa* Apr new was married to Mr. Raymond Charlton. The bride walked from her home to the church on her fathe *s arm. He later cn gave her away. She wore a graceful gown o$ ivory pailette, the trained*,.skirt draped with beau tiful Limerick lace, raght with sprays of orange blossom. The bodice! was made with yoke of spotted net studded with pearls and finish, d with sprays of orange blossom She wore a wreath of orange blossom, from which fell her veil. This wias lent, by a cousin of her father's, Mrs. Brown. The bridegroom's cousin, Mr. Lewis Day, was best man. *. The bride's brother, Mr. Garnet Agnaw, was groomsman. There were two bridesmaids, Miss Frances 'Charlton, sister of the bridegroom, and little Miss Viola Yaldwyn, the bride's 'niece. . Miss Charlton ware a charming frock of white musl'n with a sipot, trimmed with Embroidery Anglaise, and finished1 with a girdle of pale blue silk. Hep' white tagel hat was trimmed with ] ate blue silk and posies . of flowers. TUie ilittle maid wai , a1 so .in hailstone muslin, threaded' withf \pale ,'to'lue^ and &lt;a Juliet cap of 'd!uU -gold with a cluster of English daisies. Both maids carried posies of water lilies and roses antl wore £old'ban|gles, the bridegroom's gift. To his bride he gave an e^qqruis'ite neck lct of tourmalines and diamonds. The bride gave her * hus . and a pocket book. Archdeacon Le Fanti, assisted by the Rev. R; Hi. Green, performed the ceremony. The tiny church was decorated with Stradbroke ferns. Mrs* Le Fanu played the wedding inairch and hymn. Very great in terest. was centred in the wedding by the inmates of the institution, and the return of the bridal party was eagerly watched for by them. Tho stea'mer Otter, lent by the Htfme Secretary, to convey the -guests to Stradbroke, was hung from stem to stern with bunting, and he also arranged for the erection of the marquee on the lawn, where the wed ding blneaVfast took place. Later in the day the couple left b&lt;vl motor &lt;boait; for Cleveland, wherei they irotored to Brisbane, and caught the train for Maryborough, en route to Pialba Mrs. Charlton travelled in a coat and skirt of grey striped taffeta with, cuffs, and collar of black satin piped with vierjx rose, and flat hat. of &lt;?rey satin trimmed with FrencT\obsies» Messrs. Finney, Isles and Co. were responsible for' the bridal gown., travelling costume^ trousseau, and ^gown worn bjr the mother of the bride. The London-American Florists supplied the bouquets*  MUSIC OF THE ISOBARS. MR. WRAGGE ON CLIMATOLOGY. ATMOSPHERIC CHANGES AND NEURALGIA. Under ordinary circumstances a lecture on meteorology is likely to be regarded by the majority of people, if not as an absolute drought, at least as a pretty dry spell. Mr. Clement L. Wragge tackled the subject at the Y.M.C.A. Hall last night, and he handled It so skilfully that he kept a large audlence Interested right through the evening. It was an intensely scientific discourse, but Mr. Wragge managed to lighten the heavy bur den of strange-sounding, many-syilabled words by judiciously interlarding his re marks with breezy anecdote and humorous comment. It was a highly instructive lecture, and those who listened intently enough will no doubt, after a little practice, be able to decide with unerring certainty just when to take an umbrella out and when to leave it at home. The art of weather forecasting, both short and long range, was the theme to which the lecturer devoted most attention. By means of lantern diagrams he made it quite easy for his audience to understand the difference between the peculiar antics of a cyclonic disturbance and of an antl-cyclonlc storm. By collecting an immence number of barometric reading from far and near, Mr. Wragge explained it was quite easy for him to tell when a squall was coming, or when there was likely to be a bit of a breeze. That may be the scientific way of doing it. The old way was to look out for a man going home with a lobster. That was a sure sign that he, at least, expected a squall. "Scientifically speaking," said the lecturer, "all human nature responds to atmospheric changes. The twangs of neuralgia arc due to the contours of the Isobars." That statement will bring comfort to many a suffering mortal, and is more poetic and less expensive than the dentist's frequent defini tion, that neuralgia Is due to decayed molars. Mr. Wragge told his audience all about the Isobars, and It is only fair to state that their resemblance to molars ceases at the written word. "Meteorology," said Mr, Wragge, "Is of more practical Importance to the people than astronomy. It Is all very well to know that a new star has been born in a certain con stellation, but to know what kind of weather you are going to have to-morrow or next week is better." Several instances were given of the prac- tical use to which a proper knowledge of climatology might be put. The man who had a piece of ground that cried aloud in Its barrenness could, by the study and ap plication of climatologlcal methods, make his land teem with abundance. A picture of two scared-looking, bushy-whlskered men with spades, who looked like pirates burying treasure, was flashed on the screen to illus trate the lecturer's meaning, "I made a howling wilderness smile like Eden," he said. An entertaining part of the lecture was Mr. Wragge's description of his own efforts to establish high and low level meteoro- logical stations. His first experiment was tried at Ben Nevls, in Scotland. Scorning to take the beaten track, Mr. Wragge scrambled up the rugged sides of the mountain— It Is over 4000ft. high— till he gained the summit, and there in the keen blast, with hail some times pelting In his face, he took his baro metric readings, and blew on his fingers to keep them warm. And he did this before breakfast every morning. Some good Scotchmen, he said, at length heard of his work of research, and gave him enough money to enable him to build a "humpy" on the top of Ben Nevls. Mr. Wragge was very happy then, because prior to that he "was often wet through from stem to stern." That was the time, he said, when "Long John"' (whisky neat) went down well. And away up in that bleak spot, amidst the snow and the driving sleet, he one morning discovered, seated in the shelter of his "observatory," a Highland shepherd wooing his lassie with all the ardor of a lowland lover in a hawthorn-scented lane. It is to be feared that, judglng by the burst of applause and laughter which followed this little touch of nature, the audience understood it much better than they did the sclentlfic part of the lecture. Mr. Wragge described his efforts to main tain a meteorological station on top of Mount Kosciusko, and referred with fervent "God bless 'ems" to Mr. Barr Smith and Sir George Reid, who had given him monetary assistance to pursue his work.  \ MAa^RS MprrB0JRÓl>OGlCA.L. ; "* (To tho Editor.) Sir,-Your, article, in yesterday's. , issue headed."The Cyclone Area" calls for' a reply. First the state- ment about the equipment at . the Cairns' Post .Office is not correct., Secondly, the wisdom of placing the instruments under the control of .the Harbor linter is very .questionable.. .Your.¡reasop for ,;th,is'Jjmoyq._is,>.tl^ti tlïe" "Harbor -Master is''an''expert'.'^¡tn* these matters?"I know, of-at least; four of the local telegraph officials .who have had nearly 20 years' ex- perience at various sta/tioia in Queensland, and may be as expert, perhaps more so, than the Harbour Master, who I think gained some of his experience at Cape Cleveland j where the Townsville instruments some years ago were placed at the / pilot station. - j The only argument likely, to 'be \ advanced for a change of situation is ; the rain gauge is too sheltered' in its position; but the Cairns gauge is in a position which accord- ing to ofc'al measurements is clear of "all obstruction.' The Harbor Master may have more tinie . to 'niaVe a special s'tudy et: the: instruments than the Telegraph ?officiais, but again . would the change, be -desirable ? There are times when' the .whole of the .pilot "service """-ia;: required - away from port," as'was the case this month' when searching for "the Dancing "Wavel "" During "the Pilot's absence who weuld be there to take the .¡readings at ?.-a.m.,,3 .p.m. and 0 p.m. While at the Tele- graph ' office there'".; is'- always a .trained, maui iri.i attendance. Th? average man ' seems to think tho .officials can .send any sort of'read- ings down; that is not li'fely. Tm mcdiat'ely . a . wrong ' readinj. is re- ceived in Brisbane, a wire is ? S'nt asking for; a . correction. This : ma&lt;ces . thc o'iicers careful. tJ am sure had you inquired, the local officials, would have informed you the;following, is "the équipaient: at' Ca'rns : A. standard -barow&lt;-. ?.¡er: with!'th-rtronnetCTjjattached. rThlBi 'is^a.1'soíciidid; instrument -' (not 'an aneroid as .is nt, the Harbor Master's office). In tlie screen at tho "bask of '^tho' * office is. a barograph, ther- mograph, drv bulb, wet bulb, maxi- 1 mum and minimum thcnnomr.ters, and in*^the yard, the rain jrauye. Under Cleoictit. Wr'aggû's control, . rea-dings of thf'sé instruments- were wired twice daily, n'-d the night reading cnrefullvr recorded. In adr i dition also wore vfired, direc- tion and forcer kimi of cloud and amount, direction of upper an-.! lower clouds and-' rate, .state (of spa, : also nnythimr of spacial rote at tho time oftaking, the ohs?rvation. ". ?> . -: - ¿lt .Captain; Sunter- is reported; car-": .rect.lv,- he! is .a rt little: . previous1 --'tin condemning tho ? . locaj;. equipment, .which t doubt whetherrhe'-knows exr lsta, and further, never has seen tha instruments. Hcrapparrntly ' has a brief for ..the-Harbour master in ad- vocating the .transfer. What are his readings. ? . : : .I think the public prefer the know- ledge .of- ClenwntvWrojge to that" of our .wcJüld-be l0cal meteorolog- ista- or- experts.' '.,?: Some years ago Wragge gave a i very interesting lecture in Oairna it was. most instructive and .' was illustrated by magic lantern slides. He fully explained the necessity, of procuring reliable data, when fore- casting ¡these disturbances. Headings had to be procured .fi om N.W.. Aus- tralia. Port Darwin, the', whole of Queensland and Southern stations« while the establishment of a station, ' at-''New Caledoniawas invaluàbîe, having daily reports from there. The places mentioned by Captain Sunter are totaïlj; inadequate, should a disturbance be forming off the. coast say', between New Guinea and New Caledonia. ". The former place no doubt is a valuable assist- ance to' the meteorologist. All Queensland Stations are equipped to their grades. 1 The first class stations on tho coast known to the writer, are Cooktown and "îiàckay. The latter place has a very largo and "váriahle set of instruments, Cairns, Towns- ville end Bowen second-class ; ¡ while Port Douglas, Innisfail, Dungeness, (now: Lucinda),' third classr ' I can't remember what Cardwell's cla?s is. Had Clement Wragge been ' at tho head of affairs it is highly probable the recent awful catastrophes would have" been avoidod. His forecasts .were always at least 1* hours ear- lier and moro accurate than is now the ; case.. . . Take ai Cairns experience and ¿jake a Comptriipn. Nineteen years ago' next '. April, we . had ¿-"heavy blow./ Wragge, with* head «-juar ' puru ': in','- Briafjane; *give'^r: ? warn¿' in¿ *of 'fiiHy= boura of it* J- ap- proach;. -He ' foretold the direction nt line wind, and what direction it would come from at a' later stage. Rather a contrast to what happened two years ago, when the first spec- ial w-nVning we e&lt;oti was in it-he middle of the blow. Now look for the cause, of thc present conditions : Some years back thp Queensland Governmrnt commen- ced retrenching,'¡ amongst which in their wisdom (?) the meteorological department was singled1 out. , The most capable meteorologist in'. Aus- tralasia was dispensed with, and the Bureau attached to the Hydraulic Engineers' . Department. x ^All ? coun- try stations were advised'to." curtail the weather reports, " which un- doubtedly interfered with efficiency. Was there ever a protest against this ? Later,- thei Commonwealth Go- vernment took over the whole of the meteorological stations and eq- uipments and mnde the Hesjd Centre at .Melbourne since which time,' ' as far ns the Northern portions of Queensland are/ concerned, it has been very, -nns-jft¡pf actoryv To'jraniedy this,: th»..m.ojt important item is I to go'for af wireless station.;.? ' All' along, oiir.^ coast linc ";">: adoring . the ¡ hurricane season', ' th-; '-telegraph; lines" áreí'jdówn jin'- many'parts, which ? causes big/ delays .'.wherras if .'wirer' 'ess had'been "available, valuable live"! would be saved and immense monetary losses avoided. Perhaps with - the meteorological centre in Brisbane, quicker and ear- lier forecasts would result. If our local governing bodies took' up thc matt»r of a wireless stntion for Cairns, and advocated the "Centr-tl Station ,at Bristten?1, .?grrta.'b benefit td> "thees*,parta' would ¡assuredly- re-^ snlt,: ."by .eeeiiriiisr the ' iwiK-ices" ad-. vocated. . Regarding the '12 hours delay it might apply to ordinary forecasts, during an interruption ; but with communication through, a special forecast is at its destination within half an hour of bcin&lt;r hari'I cd in at Brisbane.-Yours etc. ' J. G. HOARE, j  r»i &lt;cr ru'Ris millBWlllMUT—ll millMWI ll llll MlllMI— IBM If I No, Individualists Nowadays, Why should war between two faraway countries like Austria and Servia cause Hans Schwartz to give up his billet in a Gernum office in Sydney, and John' Mangoldwurtzol to lose his farm on the Hawkesbury owing to the. foreclosure, of his . mortgage? , Lots of people who do not understand how interde pendent is" tbe -world' to-day' are asking that question. ; . They don't seem to realise' that the' interests of the nations- are now so in tertwined that a brick thrown in' Kamsqh-.itkA jy hit a wharf laborer at Woollbomoolbo or a portly sharebroker In Cbliins'street, - Mel bourne. Nobody, not even Mr; Bruce- Smith, can make good his claim to being an individ ualist in these stirring times. Man's inde pendence ceased when Big Tooth, the troglo dyte. invited Bed Hair to join him in ex- ' terminating the Flat Foot .tribo over the hills. That invitation resulted in the5 first, co-operative effort on the part of man,' and the principle has been extending .ever since. You never know nowadays when, you buy 50 shares In Nutcrackers, Limited, at £1 each, that in a few weeks your wife may be using tho scrip . for . curl v. papers because some wretched war in a country you had never heard of has made it valueless. 'When I started to 'write this paragraph i made up my mind to end it with some sort of a moral, but I find it a good deal harder than ex pected. Readers, can draw their own irioral. Anyway, you can .expect the latest wA news and morals too for a penny. (Archibara Arti choke, No. 2 Rock, Lower Domain.) The Wrath of Mr. Hollis. Mr. Carmlchael, the N.S.W. Minister for Education, and Mr. Hollle, M.L.A.. became en gulfed In an antl-mllitnrlet riot in Paris, and wore roughly thrust aside by tho' soldiers. Mr. Hollis wns .very angry.— Cable nowe. Two famous men from New South Wale Vfo-e mingled with the mob of Paris, And tossed. like leaves that autumn gales ' In wanton fashion fling and harass., "A bas, a has," In accents shrill . / . The air -was -rent by vocal volleys; Arid, hustled sore against his will "Ah, bah to you," said Mr. Hollis. Oh, frenzied Paris, what is this? . V Your pro' and anti saturnalia ' Have caused you to behave amiss To Bob, the pride of all Australia. The friendship of the nations three May. be destroyed by these mad -follies; His protest calls across the sea— "Bleb-bom-theroop," said Mr. Hollis. Carmlchael: might have done his block, But Deer was handy and assuaged hinU What shield had Hollis from the shock That first disturbed, and then enraged . -him? " Consider him tossed here and there As in the nursery a doll is— I don't suggest that he would swear, But "Blink-Blab-Blub," said Mr. Hollis. ; Had' fifty Newtown railway men Been present with him in the melee There would have been dead Frenchmen then. . Who strove to injure Robert— well, he Was by. himself In that strange town, Without the blokes 'who work tho troDs.ff Yet. with a brave, defiant frown, . , ."Blob-blothor-bloo," said Mr. Hollia. We've seen old Bob keep calm and cool— I do not think — in party riot; But when mad Frenchmen play the fool. Would we expect him to he quiet? To show conclusively that all Their passion so much fol-de-rol is . : We quote again his valiant call— "Dub-blub-blag-blog," said Mr. Hollis. (Gideon Gustavus Great-girth, Christie's Stadium, Macquarie-street, Sydney.) Politicians Useful at Last. An English county councillor relates how a dog -of, his swallowed an election address and died. This show;s what enormous pos sibilities lie within the pages of Hansard. Hitherto people have regarded the official re cords of Parliament as so much expensive lumber, but now an unsuspected value has been found for them. If a printed speech by an ordinary English county councillor caiikill a dog. what would be the effect of the judi cious distribution of Federal speeches on the northern and western sheep runs? Supposing a hungry dingo tackled what Mr. Cook said about, the Labor party during the preference tc unionists debate? The digestive appara tus of a dingo Is strong, but it could not withstand stuff like that, and death would occur before the second paragraph had been swallowed. Can't you imagine you see the expiring kicks of a whole mob of dingoes that - had mistaken the vivid remarks of Mr. Fisher on the Savings Bank arrangement for something good to eat? In spite of what some prejudiced people say, a use may yet bo found for our politicians. If they talk long enough there oughtn't to be a dingo left in the country. Hansard might also be ap plied. to the prickly pear problem. Let a 60-acre paddock be enclosed with the speeches of Mr. Hughes and a big heap of printed remarks of Sir William Irvine be piled in the middle. When the heat caused by the outer circle came In contact with the freezing air of the; central pile, an atmos pheric condition would be created that could not fall . to kill every vestige of vegetation in the paddock. Indeed, It is possible that such a cyclone would be set up that the Meteorological Department would havo to engage Mr. Wragge to stop it. As this para graph might in some way or other be con strued to comment on the election issue now before the people, the writer, who. doesn't want to go to gaol and so miss the war news signs his -name as Charles E. Taylor, 32 Castlereagh-street, Sydney.  i MATTERS f * * JM ;| Lord Bennitaii having resigned the j&oyemor^eneralthij}, applications ?for tlngL (rogtfijpn. sire ; invited. X.B. — No 'Australian 'need apply. '-' ? ,'' *- » # . ' f ^ JNfe» ? 8m?th Wales- Political Jjabour Leagu? is knocking hard at the fsovenmient door for the appointment qf Labour members to the Legislative Council. '?? # ? # # ;, -J!le Barlow wa« the only member of ihe government iu Brisbane at the lat ter end of last week. Nctwithsitaudiny; tbifi attention to official duty, this jour ftal finds itself unable to recommend the Queensland Vicar of Bray for ;i port folio iu the next Queensland Ministry, which tvill be Labour. Til© turnover of the four companies comprising the American Beef Trust—. BfessrHi Armour and Co., Mrwra. ^wifty and Co., Messrs. Morris and Go., and tlie Cudahy Packing Company— Aggi*g«ted £l7o,-)OU.mK} lutit- year. The \ droportimiu! contributions-were : 'Swift, Wfflimjm* A*-Hour; £57,000.000; 'UfShrSt, ^5,000,000; and Cudahy, -£lMd0,ttti. ;, A ;.'.;?:?-??'?- v* ???- .*..»?-.. . Kltmtions for the Metropolitan Water and Sew^ra^ Board, at*© nxed for ITeu iHiary 18. Electors should paste, that 4ate iu their -hats — except «f course those who belong to the no-hat league. ? ..#?,*???* ~ A business man in the United St tes. who inherited a fortune, has offered io contribute 50.-M0 dollars to the.'4p- peal to Reason' to assist that hustling Socialist weekly to Secure 1,1KK},000 subscribers, .???.I .«.-?* .- In tteruburg, Germany, the Socialists electejl seven members to the City ' Coun cil - giving 'them a total of 16 but of 30 and j- majority of one. If Brisbane ?wants fco wrogicss like/ up*o-date cities, the ratepayers will got rid of «tone-age bumbles and elect some Labour alder men this trip. * * # Under a Ian in France, dated July 14, 1919, each head of it family who is of- French nationality., and who has more than three children dependent upon iiiwi, is entitled to receive from public funds an annual amount in respect - of each child under thirteen: after the third, in the event of his re sources being insufficient for their up bringing: ? ??-, * . * ' * .„ ? Victoria Premier Watt believes in striking while the iron's hot. ?? Kni boldened by his success in tapping Uncle for a million the other day Uncle bad evidently just risen from a dinner of chicken and champagne — he is back already on the doormat' for an other two aud a quarter millions. Uncle may be feeling 'liverish' this time. * * * Victorian Labour leader Ehnslie is still harping on the broken promises of the Tory Ministers who are alleged to hare offered to give his la to ministry a fair deal-. Why -flog ii dead horsr., or enter into any understanding, on lie half of Labour, with Tory reaction aries? Labour should paddle its own canoe. — * * * . , Stated that the Federal' Cabinet has been considering questions i*v refer to the Premiers' Conference. The inevi table railway uniform gauge its one of them. The Premiers have been -poking, at that subject for many years now and are no fowader than in the beginning. * ,. # ? # . ? . It would be just about in keeping » with lhe character and utility of these picnieing conferences' if questions such as this were submitted to it: The de sirability of increasing the size cf hens' eggs. A spectacle to make tin- gods laugh, or a cat smile — Hoiup Secretary Appp) rebuking: the Brisbane Municipal Council for ndniinisti'ativo backward ness. It is said that Satan sometimes reprover^ sin. Tin's caw proves it. ? * * * Hi»5 Federal Parliament, will likely meet at the la i tor end of 'March or #»arlv in April. * * * 'Lnvc tragediPN.' is h'Wfthp papers r**far to- the iMJittPc «n«*rv dime » pas sion-blinded wrM,oh slaughters the nh -\wt of his animal drsjrnis. -There is no worse mi«iisp of -terms than to di'snij'y Knrdid outbursts of unrestrained passion' hy the gentle name of Lovr. ' - * * # Tlu'y lmvo raided £325,000 for' ;i i.nnuiovi;«l to tl'P- lon^-dead and buried Queen Victoria. How many halfdead vHh-hmurer J)ublin children w*oul-1 that 's!oi,p'' fund sunnlv »vith bn-jid iiiid I'*; I' I'OT. It.po;? ' '?:: * * fi i.- d.'iii^i toils to lic-c«»idid on :i it'.-i in ,? el' public mural.1, theso wicked ti ' ? Ti:\j i'i!J;,|.t' «||.j condemned the wliii1!, liug, gliJe. trot, frolic, scamper, skip, lig. jotiity, or dancfe known as the Tango probably *n-o« ti little staggered wheh/a ^dancing mastet' in .Paris aiose aiid claimed . £40Df) damages, 'alleging that the denunciation aftei'ted his in tpie,«-ts LouaJ Sassioty fs raving mad to soo the tiling that is worth such a thumping big lot. Donald Macmastervoue oi the British Parliamentary iuciiicers recently out hm^ told a BuU audience, when lie ije turncd home, %$i4 *)ihey got to .one place called BilbdMievg*,, -vhere the atit*oritic8 met them, #nd told them, the old ,tale*tiiHt'iJh?y were going too quickly; _;.$*ttfy/. \\-$y&, «9tearic3 to the hotel about .'tvfo or thl^ee hundred yards anay.,aitd wiieii they got there the Sal vation Army band drew \ip in front of it and .'played -'Do, not tarry.' . '. ! , *. :. ?.,?;* - *? ? The new Mayor of Hydu'py. \u\n an nounced ins watchwords — 15conomjT and Efficiency. Thatviias been the tefcerer» typed dreary old motto' of every mayor of every town sinceJ.tue beginning ol ijine. When arc we ^oinj; to jj^oi » little 'originality and find a mayor who, for a cnangc, ' will l»bldfy ajinouiu-e 'Rd'klcss lSxi»eiidjtui;e and (.Joas'you plciist; '* as Jiis policy ? , ' . * , .*? . ?' *? Among lliv'- many dolinitious of genius, says tho ; K-uilopk,M that «J Thomas A. Kdi^oti ;htt| the virtue'1 of brevity, nut to say. wit:., ''Genius is two per cent frisiHration and ninty cight perspiration, ' * :1*v ' ?'#' +'Dre^ed meat in the United States increased 73.8 wcr- cent in price lrou- 1899 to 1909, notwithsta tiding that th^ production kept pace witjh the inci'ease in jmpulation during that . period j ac cordiug to a report by tiie Census Bjircau. Tho total supply of all dressed meats fdjr both years was 10/ pounds fiei* capita, based on the returns of fil^ugh taring houses -»«ly/' Tho foregoing statistics cflcctiveiy clinches ivn-i$ charge «f robbery that has been hurled at tfse Meat Trust in Uncle aain's country. .''.-* : * '?? ? It has bt'en ascertained that /there are 84 cousuiuutives and 4,0 insane ir. t\\n public insiitutions of New Bouth' Wales who have arrived during the past three years from oversea. That doesn't speak too well for State-aided immigra tion. ?#???#. * Policemen iu Maiden, Massachusetts, have been ordered to take tango lessons at the State's expense, not that they may dacitee it, bttt thai they may recog nise it when they see it being danced, and put .into effect a new anti-tango law. * * »- Westraliaii farmers are agreeably as tonished at the suitability, durability, uud low cost of agriculturai impJementf tuTued :mrtntr tlprr^rte^igrirultTiTDi Impleuient Works. * * *. The German Government is proposing to create a State monopoly of lamp oil in order to protect the people from being robbed by the Standard Oil Trust. * * # The Speaker of the United Statei House of Representatives. Mr. Champ Clarke has explained --that' his refusal to a4itend a banquet was because he had been told that the public men who died in Washington due their graves with their own teeth. That was- a warning Against overwork which he took tr heart. Will George Reid take warning, before too late, or cannot it be that our gormandising High Commissioner is banquet proof. * *? # » ? At a thanksgiving service in London jne speaker, instanced Australia as the nily example of a nation being founded (vithout the shedding of blood. lhe shades of those early convicts flogged so bloodily at the **triaugles' doubtless hold a different opitiion. .'.-?* # * In Jvine next an American company will commence exploiting the beds -jf sponges in the neighbourhood of Thurs day Island. Legislation of a restric tive character *is being introduced iu respect both to tlu* Mediterranean and the Florida fishing grounds, witli. the view of preventing those 'beds neing wcrked out. At Thursday Island the sponge beds ha v« never been molested, ind it i« estimated by Mr, MajXf that the sunpjy thei:«' will not be exhausted in 50 years. * # # Jtwcciok thinks tlie vvorjj of the Fede ral Fru'H; Commission is done. Most, of members bold a contrary vjnw. That advance majority report, evidently haw disconcerted Joseph. 8o much did the lp.ss ol Calais to the Eimlisli Crown worry Quce.n Mary, daughter of old Bluebenrd, ' ili;i( sli-3 swore that the name Calais would be found engraved on her heart. Likewise oil e word Syndicalism, will be found on Llu- lump of stone Q at does service for ?i lip;irt of :i certain Torv journal in llrisbam1. * * * At tltu lndii^Lri:il Court iu Sydney la.';t wi'.i')- u OJu'iM'Ke witues.* wun sworn by the blowing out of :i match . 'But aren't you a Christian!''' ha «vus asked. He replied that he wa«. 'Then why,' was the further query, ''/did you swear Ijy blowing out a, match?' Smiling blandly, he replied: .'Kissce book, blotvee match ; nllco same me. I know Jod in heaven,. Day of Judgment come : illee same kiesee book, blowee match! — ?*- * * - . . - 'Genial Dan' O'Connor, a one-time prominent politician in New South Wales, died in the Liverpool State Hos pital during the past week. * # . . .»? 'And when I know how noble natures form under the red rain of war, I deem it true that He who made the earthquakes and the storms perchance made lmttle too.,' ' — Archbishop Alexan der of Armagh., i'igev, tiger, burning bright ! in the forests of tin? Nipit — Ravuning o'er thy prey m glee — Did He who made the lamb make theeF —Blake * * # A Melbourne paper, in discussing Australian public leaders, ladles the treacle, on to 'Victorian Premier .Watt..1 Mur.t b« fishing lor some fat govern ment ads. 1 * « « Wh««n out for boodle, 'Commercialism ?loer-ri't care a Barlow's curse lor native industry. Mr. Hector Marshall, boot tnanufacturer of Rir-jimond - Vitr.), told (he Interstate Commission that his nriii .vas asked io supply a thousand doKcn tiairis of boots branded as American amuufartiire, aiwl« to their credit be it said, thev refused to do so. 1 ?# # ? * . ; For a printing machine that can b- bought for £1(K) by a combine printing firm in Melbourne the price to a. non combine printer is £133. Trusts and combines have a legal right to do this so Jong as the people are fools enough to let them. * # # New South Wales Minister for Educa tion (Mr. Carmichacl) says that it is a mistaken policy to; depend largely on imported men. He is emphatic upon the question of Australia for Austra lians, and is strongly of opinion that it is better, in the interests of national patriotism, discipline, and efficiency, to select our brainiest men and send these abroad in order that they may return as well equipped as- an imported crew m' the world s intellect. The Labour Minister insists that Australians have shown that they can hold their mvn wherever they go, and so say all of us, barring, of course, the AntiNational ists. * * ? At the 'Farmers' Meeting; iu Warwick last week, Behbington, the windy wo.rdv member for Dray ton, was. cen sured for his hostility -to the Via Recta. If Warwick' farmers can help DobbiiiK ton out of Parliament next flection they'll do it. * * # Rev. Wyndhani 8. Heathcote, for merly Anglican clergyman at B'unda berg,__is now minister of the Unitarian Church, Eastern Hill, Melbourne. AVhen in.Bundaberp, Mr. Heathcote cV liye.rp.d some, notable Labour addresses displeasing to Fat. * ? * ?_ * _ ? \o\1 cart't- .Judge a book by its cover and you can't judge a man's nationality by his name. At a 'dinner to Mr. Wil liain M'Millau, a defeated candidate at thfe recent ,|\T,S. W^elections, the singers engaged_Jor „ the occa sion, 4ctuated_bji the best intentions, deluged the gentle man with Scottish songs, -qtiite 'unaware of the fdet that he is an Irishman. ' Use polities, !ia,v.s the veteran London Socialist, Hyndmanu, but don't Jet politics use vou. '? ? .- # The tenacity with which the Tory press clings to outworn arguments and mouldy ideae i« well illustrated in con nection with the election of N.S.W. Ministers by the whole body of the Par-' Hainfttitary party. The. rat press, is actually trying to jeer at Abe proceed ing, apparently oblivious of the fact that the process has come to stay, and that its own views on this subject were rather out of date in progressive circles as far back as the neolithic period. * . . *. # Brisbane 'Telegraph' continues to gird away at Federation with that hope less and incorrigible consistency which distinguishes the iu.sanc. * * # 'J often think1 what must be the feel ings of a girl working at a fashionable milliner's or as a waiter in one of the luxurious West End restaurants. If tlu»pt- people think at all they must be Socialists,' says Dean luge, St.- Paul's, London. * * * The Commonwealth Government under the control of J. Cook is once inore in the comatose state or the som nambulistic stagger. In Um matter of meteorological information,, the wide and vast State, of Queensland has to depend upon its data from the Central station at Brisbane. Thus where the telegraphic system is nearly always rup tured, the isolated cyclonic North doesn't know when to expect the next somersaulting turn from .1. PIuviub. Consequently the North is getting sick of losing thousands of pounds in one act and leaving D. Jones a. ship or two like the Yongala. Townsville decided to get a privately owned station under the control of Inclement 'Wragge. The wind and weather expert will commence the job during 'the next cyclonic season (about April), and iu the meantime will give the telegraphic warnings ut £5 5s. per week. * * * Another tribute is paid to ^he Queensland police, of which Air. Cahill is the boss. In connection with the al leged abduction case .at Bowen, it took something like 150 mounted '.specials' to run the prey to earth iu .something like eight days. It is an up-to-date de partment — the Special — alright. * # «? (Jeorgi; Kox, M.L.A. lor Normanbv, and Mr. A. Jtafl', M.L.C., 'crossed over' to the Great Majority during the past week. * * # Earl Grey, who has 'interests' in Australia, and who is President of the British Women's Emigration Associa tion, is sounding, the several States' Governments with a view to making arrangements \'or tho sending of thou sands of able-bodied women to Austra lia,. -The- iStntes will be asked to bear the coat : .01 building suitable hostels for their reception. The association will supervise the despatch of the women and' supply specially trained matrons to accomnany them. The, noble uEarl will 'jj himself accompany the firafr 'batch M -M 'abie-bodjid-'t --JJ«iB'terB and widows),^! who, presumably, are intended for 1 .domestic service, or as rui'al worker- 1 esses. ' I Consider the Insane rcckle.Ksneas of 'I tjie armaments competition between the I Natious. John Bull shoves another I brick, £4,000,00(3 larger than the grant I for tho previous year, into his National 1 bluey. In the meantime, the .poverty- 1 stricken British worker is wondering m where the next crust is coining Jtojh. S * * * j The Premiers' Conference—the old J annual humbug State political dog- I fight, is once more going to meet. The 1 State irightci (ojv tighter) will hop up 1 off his chair, bang his fist on the table, 1 call tho othor a traitor (withdrawing I each immediately), end up by saying he 1 won't »?ompromis-3 on anything, and I then go into the nearest pub and shout I for tne crowd and n;»y nothing was 1 meant! The subjects that will supply J the material for Mich a drama are. the 1 State Savings Banks, the hoary State j debts, and the costly matter of '\mj. I I'orm gauge, and a heap of sundiies. j Mostly the sundries will be attended to, I and nobody expects anything iuipor- ] tant in the way of the three National I items oozing out of the proceedings. J These will be duly l)pttled up, corked I down, and put in the dusty ' cellar of | forgetf alness for another year, when \ the dreary humbug will be resumed and 1 pat off again — ad innnitum. | Tiio t^uirensland iioiit.iciuu han ii-h\ a I bigger desire to keep in the political 1 pool and swim against the strong cur- I lent of vicissitudes than obstruct the J ''Superman' who risks the splash in I the limelight. Irrespective of whatever 1 political coat lu- wears (or bathing --os- 1 tunie — to preserve the tenor .of the j metaphor), if tbv Bunanalaud M.P. I aan wade through three Parliaments j he gets the royal political Siuino'ie I society's medal — the railway pass for J life. The announcement of the Cabinet, I which was ambiguous — no mention being 1 made about defunct luminaries— di&- 1 tui-bcd the ashes of the political dead. I and the old scalphu liters. are out after j the spoils that are going. The matter 1 is sub judice. 1 * * * I The Brisbauo 'Courier' flourishes its 1 tattered parasol some more (26/1/14): 1 'Cli^ Labour Socialists iu the metropolitan aif» 1 are again drogging )»ar(T ]K-lities iuto -h« I Municipal and Water nud S^weingc BdoiiI rice- 1 tions. It may readiJy i-v; toiictdcd ' tJifet there j is room for improvement in the adtuiniKlrntinn 1 of -thew -bodies, hat there is such n thing an a] yelling imt of the fryhnj jmit iuto the fire. IB Yea, verily, but on the old spinster's I own admission awhile back; in tvhich 1 municipal bungling wa*s exhaustively 1 expatiated upon, ft was never in the | frying pan and always. in the fire. The ' 1 Fevry atrocity and everything else that j the agents of Fat have handled have I sizzled iii the tire. In fact, it has been I a1l~fire. It was time the pan was put 1 on and some decent municipal steak I cooked. Labour will supply the goodt, 1 as it did in expediting the arrival of j the water and sewerage sysfem when | it got thecchance. '1 * * * 1 It is remarkable the fuss the world j makes over u mortal or his belongings 1 years after he has shown the. earth a ? 1 clean pair of heels. Thus the sword' I that Napoleon used at Marengo or | AuEtorlitz is esteemed to be of greater 1 value than the most. sparkling diamond 1 plucked from the earth ; and the poniard I which caused J. Ca?sar.to say au revoir j to Rome and Ambition would probably 1 be M'orth more in the audioncer'p ero J than lhe National debt. Likewise tlis j autographs arid M»S8. of great writers I have been worth more than a musical j score. The journals of Governor Mac- j quarie, which throw a flood of light en 1 Mi© dark and die-mal deeds of early Au:.- 1 trfrliaii settlement, were- purchased rs- I cently for ii\7^(\J Wine isn'l the oak I item that regulates its price accorduijs 1 t-?^ the greyuess of its whisker or Uie 1 duKtiuesfs of its label. 1 * * . # 1 Brisbane's chanter ct horrors for the I present and i)rc\'ious week amply makes j up for the tale o( crinu-s or ch.humHics 1 whiclj usually accompany the Chri-jtma? 1 and New Year holidays. The Wind;.-.'.1 I double murder and suicide, tho iUyiw . I wife-murder and subsequent cOiiff^MJi. 1 and the Taringa Salvation Home borror 1 involving the death by btirniiij.:.- or 1 otherwise of three women., and the i:.rM- j oiih maiming of six others. Jl- it- un «.J.'- I palling list^ 1 - - ; * * * I Acting Premier uud mvlsijp l^u-r:- i bus been 'approaflx'd'7 ajrain in i!'' j interest of the. Master Builders. 7.- h' j going to have the .Savings UaiiJ? IhiukI-'i- 1 tions and other .Uovcrnment bliP'll'i 'r' 1 done by Jogitimati.1 contract -or l;n-lr-' aM day labour? He declines to (oniv.'U rl himself beyond the assurance ihi'.t foi' I his own part ho would prefer contr- ??;!. I but caii't ignore tho depPTtmcntnl dr- I turn that day In hour i.^ nearly ;i )«?;'?-??? | cheaper, and — tbouHi bv doo.-ir'i '?' 'I so — Jess nasty. Hi«1i dnd{rr--^ nffnnl- I iugly among the Hintin A'nii'K :*«??! I l-iirsiULs of Tyro. It ;i Li'lifM'.il tlvwu'-^- J merit can't ?-«?? £iberii.l Lo its ? ' r| 1 backers where dues its vital fuiKU-w 1 come iu. Hey ? I LfTTLE GlllL; 'PIcBse, butchei, an uunce --f scrag m«.'at, off the neck, for fat Lei a breakfast.' ? IN THE 'DEAR' BUY AND BUY.  Weather in Townsville. CAPTAIX RHODES' STATISTICS Itn are Indeb'.nd lo Captain Rhodes. Harbormaster, for Interesting* official dftslls at to Town, vlllc weather tor the last 45 years. In the appended table It WIM tut noticed lhat durjnr ih« *' the yesr. There has only been one absolutely dry -May. h dry June*. IS dry Julys and August, 13 dry 8eitem ben, aae dry November and one dry December. Th» tBble of averaj-e falls Aua*ust 0.11 Itiolt Is ill' driest month. Of all the rain ivhlcli has fallen In the last 43 years. 24.61 per cant, or a February, and only 1.13 per cent In Particular? of r-Jnfall at TownFvllle ? Total fall tage Aver- wlcb Month. years, total, fait. mm. Jar.u-try . m.a ~.Jl ll.M — Fabruary .. UI.C7 ua 12.19 — March ? 3Sf» )?-s SCI - April ? 1TUI TS5 S.«9 — May ? «0' IT! 1 J.-i 1 June ? 6I.SC :.7J 1.39 r. July ? 3-Si ???' 0.8! 1? AuKiut .... :;.-] m tei i: Rcptembcr 29U 1.1: O.CC 1! October .... !*t- t.EI lli c Xovembrr 71 6:. 1.2; 1X1 1 December ..:-(-* 11.04 b 45 1 The fall In -S years was £229.43 Inch, and the aversi. A»M. A very Intereatlnff liat, alBD provided by Csrtaln Ithodes is thai appearing bc'oir giving the official Ust of nrea thcr disturbances In Toirnavllle since its;. The Srst recorded iras In 16CT. This waa a very strong gal'. The lat. Fred Hamilton was nailing a sheet or Iron on hi. verandah in Denham-street gust lifted the verandah roof off and after an erratic courae 4he^ roof with Mr Homllion still on top landed on a vacant allotment. In the 1IT0 cyclone Ihe Black Prince went ashore and her re-i-alKi ran still be ma at rrry low tide on the beach north of the Sea View Hotel. In thin blow Captain Major was got up later and the corner (now arltknmin and Richardson's) wan pur chaaru Dy nis menu [or a emeu sum. Captain Major had serious thoughts cf building an hotel where 4b. Queen's Park Hotel now In. In the North Ward. as all the traffic went over Ihe hill, but be finally decided on the Fllndera-slreet In Fllnaera-atreet so cloaely for value. Captain Major subaequently aold th. corntr to air John McDonald (or 06,000. He also acquired the cor ner opposite McKlmtnln'a for a small sum, and his heirs sold It for a tflg price three yesrs afo. The 1890 blow, which la deaerlbed as the centre vu a.1 th-» Pilm Islands, where the leaves were blown off the tree.i. This disturbance lasted from 7 p.m. Sunday till S p.m. Monday, and there wns heavy rain. A butcher's cart driver was drowned In attempting to croaa the dtpreasRm near the Mun dlngburra school, and when Joaeph Vldullcb. a boat builder, whoae work shop waa oppoalte the Uetropole Hotel. South Townsville, was washed out to sea at S pjnu while endaavor Ing to nave Ills property. 11 was thought the last had been aeen of him. Vldu lich. however, waa a splendid swimmer, he went with the flood hair-way lo the Fairway Buoy and undressed hlm .nd landed on th. beach opposite worse for Ills six hour*' battle with wind and wave. Sigma was the first of nur upto from ftaturday until 4 a.m. nn Monday. Mr Wragge had warned the shipping water. The ships, however., dragged their anehora. One lighter was cswl on the beach under the IMlut Station, and tb' llarroo nearly mounted the break but ii was the lrrr:n.- rain which did neitlblllly of e.ett;ns things dry. In I.eonln the b&r&mpf^r ffll morn lent lhan 'Sigma.' Had II laxtcd as lontr a« the Sigma gale did Towmvllle wciili] havo been hulf destroyed. Tli galr commencing Its severity about II a.m. reached Us highest at 1 p.m. and Mn Hie law or overage we are obonl an long a* tmm Ihe illack Prlnc* mate Hist tile 'b:owi' bntwn ihu-e rr deitruc'tlve claraclcr  THE APPROACHING RAINSTORM. Meru inteiost «¡ll !>«. talion in**the > in.storiii which tho I'ntniiinnwoulth Meteorologist >ays is approaching from tho westward. Apart from tho general rfiwro prevailing in Aio-tralia for tho break up ol tho dry s|x'll, which i.s now creating so lunch anxiety, tho piedic tion is intonating because it is an nt l Mupt to forecast loi a longer period ahead than is usually undertaken, lt i. moi about n ».*'k since Mr. Munt a 111111 n li i «'ii that there nasa disturbance coining from the west wlreh would give general rain» over a largo portion ol' Au-trali i. lt seems that tho de- pression, II Ireh is expected to produce tho iain, was evoi Wost Australia yes- terday on its ».iv eastwards, but on account ol' what ls known as an anti .vclone booie nie: lb. east const of Anstralin its progress was delayed and th" iain was not oNpsvtod tintl tho anti-cyclone mme* away. In tho nie Ul- timi' ram i.s h.ullv ne&lt;*ded in many of the iiil.iud districts. Not many dil vs ago Mr Wniggl* predicted a long drv si4.||. Ho bases bis foris'nst on eutirelv di lieront data to that IISIKI l.v the offi eial inotisiri.lngist.. ami his fons,ist extends over several veals. If there is ,i isininiis general downpour ol rain m Mr. Hunt's predicted storm it will rather shake confidence in Mr. Wrngce's drought. The two forecasts are. however, not directly opposed to each other. Mr Wragges prediction is that, there will lie a general shortage in the rainfall in Australia this year. There might, of ooursn, be a hoavv fall tliis month, or in any ono month, anti still ho a substantial shortage in tile total for the year. Mr. Hunt's for^ä-, oast does not discuss that iihaae of the subject. He predicts good general rains in South Australia, Victoria;.'and New South Wales this week, and tho end of the week is now cloie at hand. The effect of a heavy fall ol' rain now would be to postpone Mr. Wi'iiggo's drought until after the winter. ,  Central Queensland Notes. (For the "N.Q. Rejls'ar.'1! ! BARCALD1NE, January 21. j vye'have been experiencing to a slight degree a taste of traditional January we&thbr, that is, cyclonic systems as, the outcome of sojne M£*eontaa" or { "fidgrnaa." Mr Clement. Wragge, who rave the. pretty South 6ea albllant names to his tig storms in.the north some yeans ago, foretold.a!l the peculiar j weather we would have at the end of 1916 and the beginning of 191?, but little heed was tqkan of hie warnings. . Mr Hunt, our Commonwealth- mettorolO- j gist, has given numerous notes of ware-1 Ing, and gripping especially took notice I of his forecasts: Mr Hunt prepared us | forcfclonlc conditions and many have | been the wild rumors floating roujid the ; district' of remarkable meteorological happenings during the week* Happily nothing- aerlou* has occurred. Oirfiun- , day. night a big storm was experienced i in the Arama&lt;v district, and up to & \ couple of inches of -rain was recorded.: ! Xt. ,p£tyaldma, .raln ^t In at 8 and continued' Tor several hours, the i gauge marking CO point*, or a, toial of I £.04in., 90 -far for Jammt>-4io'l a vjry | big fait as compared with other parts of the dlBlrict. On Thursday a humid* oppressive atmosphere wasj broken by | | a sharp wind which lasted by 'a few ImlnuteB... Last night looked very 1 threatening for rain and the picture, phow habitues took a bly risk, but only j a few "fai dro^n fell. To-day so fori has been clove and thundery, with Light flitting, and AS. I write (4 p.m.) a thunderstorm is brewing. I I Contrary to anticipations, . our rail-1 I way service has been very erratic >dur-; I ins the w*ek. On Wednesday, Monday'* i I Rockharapton mall was brought along! and nothing further was received untiL i Thursday night late.. A tfiall train came] i through at 4.15 ,qn Friday morning, and i I the drivel let people know it, too. The . ! trouble is at the Dawson flats, betwieen, i the,Dawson river and Duarlnga- For I some ralles the -line over this flooded I area ha* been raised from Iptf. to.lrfi.,, ? th* banks on either ^slde being pitched i Willi stone, apd the'work woh finished ; tinder two years ago. There, hod been ! no rain^slnce -ot consequence to con Kolldate the bank, and the conBSquenfit j was that' when there was a sudden I rush of V/ater .the bank sucked It In like J I a sponge and could .not carry the ttaf*-' fir. The bank Would bulge oik.at either side. A small army of men have been employed day and night In . fixing .up.{ , the two miles or so, and everything i was. tafrly secure/for the light tnallj i train, which eafely crossed at a snail-1 I llke^pacK the passengers-the train wis1 | packed-looking for a .soft place to fall . on should a *nl*h&|j-occur. 3>heh ^sazne j i the back waters, which tihttld all' the temporary /repairs, and made the $l£ce of lin« worse than ever It was. > k\ ' passenger who passed oyer. It on Wed*1 I nesday told me that the line was In I I very bjid order indeed-like an elongated | I corkscrew and a switchback. There i I was indeed great.risk while negotiating | the road, and a elgh of relief was j heaved nrhen the train errivedait Dua* rlnga. The Hallway Bepar tment has done wonderful work, but the job will be an expensive onfe. and «om« time] must elapse.ere traffic 1* perfectly re- j stored. The mail train due at lJto p.m.) yesterday afrtved early this morning 1 «cd will leave to-morrow ait the usual hour, and it-is expected the regular ser vice win be maintained right on, but 1 probably a bit late. A train load of sheep jeft on lYiday for Rockhaxnpton, - and it rot through safely. I No wool was despatched during: the j ' week, And owing to the ^condition of1 I the roads "very little stock movement*. Twenty-nine nixed oattie and 10 calves,' j I the property ot Mr JL Richardson, Pat* rick, were despatched to Alpha by rail, Mr G. J. Aldbardsoh In charge. I un derstand Mr B. J. Richirdeoa b*M taken up some country in the Beta I dieLr let; -$700 ewes, fiimerab to Atarunoa Downs, Hears owner, Moore In charge, passed, also fSOO wethers from Kywong to -Baroaldine, where they have been shorn during the week, and are bow en j route to Mirven, Edmund Jowdtt owner, J. MatiDoeald in charge. The , Aramao ranger reports 4000 sheep, [ Tuaburra to fiarcaldlne, and 6906 ewes | to eame destination, Fairbairn %nd Co. owner*. E. MaoDonald in chancel M70 I mixed ^heep from Powell* to Boongoon* doo, C»ark and Tatt aimers. J. Roberta In charge ;edir1i lots to Lee Brtltaln's shearing shed. A special mealing of ih? Aramuc 6hire Council has been held, when a bylaw wan passed Increasing all freights oilier than live Btook, and passenger fares on (he Aram&c tramway. As wages Increase, bo do freights and fares, and In a like ratio the cost of living. So (hat there te no (benefit any way, Mr Clifford** plant has finished up the long drawn out shearing at Hpringv&le, but MlMura won't atari until the wea ther Is taor-e settled. A number of men left this afternoon per motor car for Evesham, where Mr J. BaUinger has the contract. Ere you receive this you will have the reeult of our summer race meeting, j and It is only necessary 10 say here j that prospects at present appear very l bright. There Is ah average of 13 for each race. The track is la tovely con- 3 dition and good apart Is assured. Sev-! eral horse* arrived by roods train lust { night. It appears a farce, though, to have bpCh days gazetted as public holi days. M Unlike other localities, our local auth ority has taken no action In opening a subscription in aid of the sufferers by the Clermont floods,' the only move in the direction of assistant* being by Mr J. Nash, who gave a picture show benefit which realised £14. At Aramac the Shiro Council opened a list with £25, und Councillor A. X. Templeton, of Acacia Downs, gave £25. Donations are flowing' In freely. Perhaps in Barcal- j dine jthe big hospila! effort scooped j the pobl. 1 The Aramac hospital people are happy I again, for the Institution has again a I fair credit balance, thanks to the reccnt I hospital race meeting, which realised j £IC1 8r 4d-a really meritorious effort. ! At* the usual monthly meeting held1 ! last week a hearty vote of thanks was parsed all thoee who helped to mako i the meeting such a success. After I payment of current accounts there re- | ! malned a crodlt balance In the bank of ( £5S4 3«s 3d. j A bright little kiddy, the 2ft-year-old I I son (Charles Thomas) of Mr and Mrs ! I Charles Johnson, of Dartmouth* died , ! Jn the hospital on Monday from dlph- : theria. The little chap was stricken I down'with the tell disease, and local! remedies being unavailing he was I brought into town, but the diphtheria' was too far advanced and Dr Cook j was unabta to do anything, and death, speedily foHowcd. Much sympathy ftas j been expressed for the eorrowing par- j ents. I The annual meeting of parishioner! In connection with St. Peter's Church , 6f England, Barcaldine, was held on Monday, the Wcor, Rev. J. W. A. Mac kenele. presiding over a fair attendance. The report* were rather lengthy, but' Interesting as showing the nro^ress of the church since ilie painter had bren cut from the Bush Brotherhood.' The finances era considered good, but more direct giving was urged and less re liance upon socials, bazaars, concerts, etc., for income. The ddbt on the clear* age ha& been decreased by £10, but | there was still 1830 wanted. The vicar'a report showed that a great ideal of coun try had .been traversed during the year i aqd places visited .In the parish where a clergyman had never before bfrcn seen. In lieu of buggy and horses a car would en&Me much more outside work to be done. The officials far the ensuing year are Clergyman's war den. Mr W. Vale; people's warden, Mr T&lt; C. Gray (who also acts as secretary); parochial council. Messrs J. Allitt, senr.,' C. J. James, T, Smith, y7. D. James, J. II. Fra«wr, J. Sargood, J. Ley land, H. Lun5, W. «C. Sillier, J. H. Camjibell, W. 'G, .T. Uradfcfd, and H. Ashtfurn. It. was decided (Clasue circulars and collecting cards and to w.crk up the financial business generally. The coun« oil approved of (he vicar's suggfcsttoir thnt a Sunday be -devoted to Hospital Sunday. After some considerable deliberation the Barc&Idlne 4?dledonian Association have decided ta abandon "the proposed Easter sPorLs. H being considered-and 4 think rightly BO-that the' men will he all out wording at tjiat tjrae, and without the crowd po ftrianodal succes^ .could, of course, be assured. It 'la pro posed, alt bring well, to liaVe "a big thing" next New Yearns Day. There was unfortunately a loss of £27 In out lay over the Intended sports last New Year's Day, and which had to* be aban doned oji account'of wet weather, ex penses pf Judges and drummers Having to be provided for in addition to the erection of platform at the P.A. and H. Society's grounds, prlntihg and adver tising, etc. It was decided to hold a Burns' Night on Thursday, 26th inst The Daylight Bavins BUI has created a considerable amount of local amuse ment, dissatisfaction and approbation. It has been argued tht the Sill should irtt have been applied to the northern latitude-such a£ Queensland and .the Territory-where the nights are,already long; but, of course, "Hughes'a time/' as It is.called, having been settled by Act of Parliament there is no redress, until March &!, when the eld time will be reverted to. ft is argued/ &lt;00. "that the days are already plenty long enough j out here to get through all the work | that Is needed without starting _lt an I hour earlier than usual. The'majority j of the people In the bush time them | selves by the euh, and at sunrise stretch j themselves and -get up Irrespective a« i to whether the clock says C o'clock 'or 8'o'clock, "but he doesn't go to bed a minute earlier than usual, whether the clook points to 9, 10-or II. The hotel keepers growl at having to Bhut up at 10 o'clock (original time), as ttie-streets | are then full of men, and the picture ehow habitue, cannot, get a drink -when the performance closes, But with car bide at £6 a drum *he saving is worth I having. Business places feffect a sav ing, small It Is true, and at the churobes on Sunday the cervices f/tre Almost completed before it was jtecessary to light two or three lamps. At many private house*, toft; the aaving is COD I siderable. The evening1 snealjs par I taken .of before sundown, and Just when i It is ordinary tim* to light up there's the pictures or some pother kind of en tertainment to go to and upon returning home very IHtl* llfftit is required, as It would be >10.80 or 11 o'filook parlia mentary time. . . Private J. C. Grlbble, who was aotne time ago wounded in France, Is now convalescent and returned &lt;o duty. A cablegram also 'announces -the «afe ar- ' rival in. England ot Private Reynolds ("Ren."), Vale. Both jada bail ffom Barcaldlne. ' The annuat sate of papers and periodi cals in connection with -the JJarcaldlne School of Arts was held on Wednesday evening. There was a fair attendance The sale realised 18 6s fld, which was tl or more better than for Several yarn past . , i .22nd.-'Yeeterday afternoon'#-- storm : passed all round iis and our afiare was I only a few polpts. On the Alice, which I continues to run lightly,1 a party of | fishermen who went out on Saturday 1 raport this morning a big fall of rain, probably half an laoh. We were pot over-burdened with flab this morning, j -v» iha.i the catch was poor. The water : i« too fiJtfti y«f. " j 1 hear Westbourne gels a way on ] next Monday with shearing and scour* j lug. I A considerably quantity of mail mat ter left here on September So, including cakes, clothing, etc., for ;ihe local boy* at the front, and an Sydney would be reached about the 29th, and the Arabic j took mails accumulating between Sep- j tember 28 and October 3, all have been I lost. Mr C. J. . James Sras anxious | about his flnt Christmas remittance for ; smokes for the Queensland boys tut the j front, aent earlier in the month, but he { last mail received acknowledgment from 1 the'Overseas Club in London of the' amount, £30 3Qg Sd- j  ADVICE AMD FORECAST. I * | LOOK OUT FOR ULYSSES. I Petersburg, April 1. I Mr. Clement Wragge issued this fore cast t'o-day: "Having just one spare evening .in the quiet of our bedroom, surrounded by n cyclone of papers, instruments, literature scattered all over-, the floor, I have de termined-to utilise it by having a general look round upon the impending weather conditions of Australasia. Imprimis, the great; Antarctic disturbance named j 'Ulysses ' is about 500 miles south-west i from Albany. That he looks vicious is to I put it mildly. Within the time assigned in my forecast published on March 27 he will influence the area of the Great Bight and sweep thereafter in majesty i towards the eastern States. His eastern umbra is, however, running a day late, having been blocked by the western iso bars of the high pressures which acted much as the cushion of a billiard table repels the ball. 'Ulysses' will mainly operate between -the parallels of 37 and 50 degrees, but his eastern and northern edges will cause warmer weather in South Australia, under winds from between north east, north, north-west, and west, with occasional nasty local blows and foxy dust spinnies, by which hats will go flying to leeward and opportunities oc-cur for snap shots in the streets. These conditions will also affect Victoria, Tasmania, and southern New South Wales in turn as the disturbance passes eastward, and thereafter the winds will shift to south-west and south, followed in course generally by more bleak weather and rain as the baro ;meter3 begin to rise again. Sydney and ' the region thence to Gabo, Hobart, and Melbourne will get another good 'doing' before twelve days from this date have elapsed, and thus ample warning is given to passengers and shipping. 'Ulysses' will reach New Zealand before April 15, and he is expected to renew the floods and rains in the South Island and elsewhere. Thus the Dominion is warned. The wes tern half of 'Agamemnon' caused the re cent deluge south from Dunedin and the bad weather in Cooks Strait, and even ysb this lastnamed disturbance has not cease'd to influence Maoriland. "Surveying now the far north-west, the monsoon named 'Anan' (having already caused heavy rain and a lot of bother north from Geraldton) is still much in evidence. Local willy-willies are yet likely under his sway and shipping in those parts cannot be too careful. Later, on 'Anan' will push his way inland and _ cause a renewal r.f muggy swelter, especially in the northern, parts of South Australia, with probable electric storms. Queensland will enjoy charming weather and we see nothing at present to threaten that State. "One last glance at 'Ulysses' because we are immediatelv concerned in his advent. Remember, good people, he is coming au-,1 is bound to affect you more or less. Not only eo. He will probably be followed by a satellite or loon' named 'Sinon,' after the perjurer of the Trojan war. with a lot of coastal rains. So April will witness a merry time, and those in harmony with Mature will relish it like a mollyhnwk en joying titbits from the pantry. _ Pax vo biscum! Let readers study Vii-gil. and the Iliad of Homer."  NORTH METEOROLOGY. AFFAIR. ' Straight Criticism. i Tint letter irom Mr. I-lunt, Government meteorologist (says the "North Queens land Register." shows that the tlie un expected determination of the North Queensland people to pay ' their own meteorologist in the cyclone season, lias shamod the Federal Government some what. tl Air. Hunt's weather prophecies are no better than his arguments, we are sorry for his department. He urges that the creation o( a meteorological bureau in the north would lie of uo value, because telegraphic communication might lm interrupted. Wliv not establish n ow- ppwered wireless station at Cairns suf ficient lo reach To'wnsville on one side and Cooktown oil tho ' other. II, is ridiculous to imagine that a port of the commercial importance of Bairns cuii he deprived ot tlie benefits or wire less communication. With three wire less stations in operation in the cyclonic zone, tho danger uf interrupted laud com munication need not he considered. The Meteorological Department lias liecn shamed into doing suniethiiig, and is now wiring to each port in the cyclonic, zone, three times daily, the state of the baro meter and otiier weather intmmaliou re garding the otlior northern ports. This is a valuable addition to their previous ef forts, hut unfortunately there are few up north who can deduce the course uf a cyclone from such Information. The Government arn giving, us the material, but not the man 'to make use n! it. If Mr. Wragge were in tlie north, ho would, when the indications became sinister, immediately advise as to the section of tlie coast likely to lie affected, it is pleasing to note, however, that tlie department have been moved to do something, and mayhap before next cyclonic season, a northern meteorologist, for the dangerous season, will he ap pointed. in the south, where tlie weutlior Is never heavy enough to r.cri- ously threaten a .well found vessel, weather forecasts only serve to reassure or warn timid travellers as to the ex tent of their seasickness, or to advise the elite of Melbourne or Sydney that it will be fine for the Governor-General's garden party or the A.J.O. ruces. In North Queensland, in tho cyclonic months .weather advice may save a couple of hundred lives. Yet, with true love of 'concentration, the. Meteorological Depart ment takes Uie garden paitv. and the nice meeting lo its bosom, and calmly allows the unannounced cyclonic storm lo pur sue its devastating career, Truly tho ways ,of the Federal .Meteorological De partment are wonderful.  OUR WEATHER. SETTLED TILL 1930. DRY AND WET SEASONS. MB. WRA00E AND TEE SUHSPOTS. In thPfo daj-s. wbeo tbDse once honored pro phets ot the weatner— Ihe corns anil Kouty Ifmbs o( our elders— have given place to sclen tlOc forecasl. the farmlns communltv- bang* with bated breath upoa tbc utterances of the experts. The Auckland 'Star.' copies of whlcb arrived by the b.b. Rlvcrlna. lnlrrvle«-'d Mr. Clement n'rscgv. F.H.G.S.— Me onc-timr Queensland Go verDmcnl MeieoroloElbt, and the foreteller of the disastrous Australian drought*— at bis hnnu nt Rlrkenhead the other day. Mr. WraBge wllllnely acquiesced wben asked If he uould venture a torccast. The celebrated weather prophet lives |Q Intimate communion with the weatber portents. An odd-IooklDE barometer was at his elbow in his queer, work sbopllke study: shelves of meteorological tomee iloed the room. Outside was a boxllke structure which, to the uninitiated, might have been a meat safe or a bird cage. It waB. lo t*ct a rolntatore obBervalory, id vblch clock work and electrical InstrumeatB reglittred ibe vagaries ot Ihe atmosphere, or lurneo turtle, by ao alarum arrangement, to tell the state ot ibe temperature at a liven time '' ntgbts. THB EUJB1VE SCSBPOT. Tbe meteorologist fetched a buge telescope, formidable as a macnlno .gun. pointed it at the BlantlDE rays ot the sun. and allowed a bright half-crown ot IlKbl from tb« lens — the photograph of tie sun— *o plaj on a white blot ting nad. 'No eunspots and no rain iuet yet,' was his ruetul %-erilltl. 'I've been eiDcctlns one lust lately. H should appear to-morrow or the neit day od the edge of ibe sun, and wben It works to the centre, conditions Kill be favor able to rain.' Tbe prophet next gave the b&rotntter s pro fessional rap. Jotted down a figure, and duV ousl? said 'Umpb.' Producing a chart ot tbe Australasian regions, be went outside lo lest Ihe direction ot tbe wind and to find Ihe iBy ot tbe Ion* atmospheric pressure region, and Uien comrafDce to rapid]? draw wavy 'Isobars' on tbc chart. LOOKING AHEAD. Air. « raKKr nas [ampuiea lurec&Kis lar ma sratous ol Australia up UU 1930, and those, be says, are applicable to New Zealand, with slleht modifications, owing to pfe-fatca! aD-] eeoKrapbiial reasons. During 1914 and part of Jl'lE, be hays, ibe ralnfsll, taking Australasia as a whole, will bo under the average. Thla by no means Implies that there will be no rain. On the contrary, good lolri-fcnlng ralna will occur, and the last part or ibis period will be titter than tbc first. From the middle ot 1915 onwards, tbc rainfall «lll markedly In crease. «ml from 1916 t.i !'?:': lurluslrr, tbe j-ca-K-m- »IM be dlitlc.lly com), with *2raB4ant -precipitation. Aflrr 1921) Ibe mlofall will begin to steadily tall ofT. and the n-orst part ot the out great 'under-average' period will be 1933 and 1924. Australians will tic Justified In calling that a drought. In 19:6, nutters will bf/cln to Im prove, and good seasona will prevail from 19Zti to 1930. These forecasts, explained Mr. Wragge. are mainly baBed on the physical condition of the a-uo with rcspot-l lo its maxima and minima moods, moving In cycles of eleven years. Just DOW we arc nearlng the end of the solar mini mum — or the period wben the fearful cyclonic winds around the tun, of mbtch we on earth had bo conception, were least violent Tbe maximum period would commence at the end or MS. and until tlrn, althougb lie did not expect the seasons to be so bad as they bad been, abnormal ruins tnnat not be anticipated. I&terreBloc rains )n Kew Zealand should give a heavier fall than In Australia. In the droughts he predicted. New Zealand would not suffer to tbe ssme extent as Australia, owing to Its climate being Insular, whereas that ol tbe latter was continental.  MEN AND MATTERS The result of the poll taken on Friday for the Kalgoorlie ' seat in the Westra- lian Legislative Assembly was : M'Leod (Labour) .. 1462 Boileau (Liberal) ... 774 Only 55 per cent of the total voted. Sententious remark of a Sydney day- lie: "But South Africa is neither Australia nor Great Britain." Let us hope not. And we further trust it isn't Alaska or India either. It works—that Denham Electorifica- tion Act. In the Paddington electorate there were 5565 names on the old roll. On the gerrymandered new one there are 4348! What a lot of "left," "lost," or "dead" suffragists for the "old cemetery" constituency. The kind of justice which women may expect in a place where Toryism has full sway was shown in Victoria last week. An effort was made by the Labour party in the Legislative Assem- bly to have the wages of women school teachers raised to the level of men doing the same work. The House re- jected the proposal on a party vote, and another amendment to provide that women should receive at least four- fifths of men's salaries was also re- jected, tbe Labour party and one Libe- ral only supporting it. Women of Vic- toria, advance—backwards. Munro-Ferguson, Governor-General, elect, is described as a prominent Im- peralist, a hater of Land Reform, as an owner of 26,000 choice acres in Scot- land should be, and an Ulster reac- tionary. From this it seems that the change from the rather democratic Denman is scarcely an improvement. Still, fortunately, the G.-G. has very little real power, so the difference is of small consequence. Digbydee has been trying to bluff ttie London press that the rise in meat prices is not attributable to the activi- ties of the Trust. The rise in prices, he said, was due to the increased num- ber of consumers and the diversion of Australasian shipments to America and the Continent. Exactly. But who engi- neers and controls those American ship- ments? A reprehensible practice exists in our police court methods. It is the haling of all accused persons, or such as are brought from the cells, before the bench minus collar and tie. The effect of a coat over a collarless shirt is such that even the most respectable and right- thinking person assumes a second rate and low-down appearance, so that an unfortunate is distinctly prejudiced by the half-dressed way he is bundled into court. The least they might be allowed to do is to don collar and tie just prior to entering the chamber. At the monthly meeting of the Dar- ling Downs Federal Labour Executive, held on January 31, it was decided to put the candidate. Paul Bauer, in the field at once and arrange for his visit- ing every centre in the electorate. The Darling Downs is to have a good stumping on this occasion: In response to a deputation from the Sydney Trades and Labour Council, the Minister for Labour indicated pro- bable legislation this year in the direc- tion of establishing a State Registry Offices. If the Minister would only dis- guise himself as a penniless out-of-work and go around a few of the Sydney registry joints he'd not rest until such legislation was accomplished and the private registry rook totally abolished. The director of the Immigration and Tourist Bureau notifies that a scheme is in hand for overcoming the domestic servant problem. Any person in- terested in the same is invited to call at the Immigration Bureau, where the scheme will be explained.—Sydney news item. "The Worker" has a scheme of its own which doesn't require the elabo- rate or mystical explanation which that of the Bureau apparently does. It is here given, gratis for the benefit of Mrs. De Potts Point: Do your own domestic work. It seems that it isn't "hayseed fever" but malignant "Cook-Kellyitis" that has precipitated the G.-G.'s resig- nation. Australia has reason to feel dis- quietude, over the messing and medd- ling of the Cook crowd in regard to the Northern Territory. Ever since it crept into office its baleful eye has been specially fixed on the Territory. It is tinkering with the railway scheme; it is desirous of re-introducing the evils of freehold ; it wants to import cheap Maltese labour; its administration of public enterprises is unsympathetic ; in short, it wants to hand the province over to the boodler lock, stocK, and bar- rel. These sinister moves want watching. N.S.W. Opposition leader Greg. Wade laments copiously in the Bydaey press over the iniquity of the Labour conference's proposal to swamp the Legislative Council. Whyfore the weep ? Hasn't Greg's crowd taken the care to swamp that chamber with pre- ponderating numbers of their own colour all along? What sort of Labour representation did brother Wade ensure in that House? Isn't it logical that the majority in the elected chamber should be properly backed up in the other place—while it exists? So stop squealing, Gregory. "England's difficulty is Ireland's op- portunity," used to be the old "Sedi- tious"' cry. Npw it looks as if Carson's contumacy leaves Asquith and Redmond no Ulsternative but guns or submission. The Ma State's big saw mill and tim- ber yard in Sydney was destroyed by fire during the week. And Ma hadn't that timber yard very long. Lets see! Whose interest was it to block Ma's public enterprise venture becoming a successful lesson? Jasper Harvey, who was prominent in Liberal politics and contested a num- ber of elections, passed away during the week at Brisbane General Hospital. He had been ailing for some time. The "Liberal" Jokook, with doubt- less an industrial afterthought at the back of his head, has created another Federal Department. "The activities ot this branch of the Home Affairs de- partment," says he "have grown so much that the Government has decided to remove them from the control of the Home Affairs department, and create a separate department, to be known at the Works' Construction department. The affairs of this brauch will be ad- ministered by another Minister. This will mean the allotment of another portfolio in the Cabinet." Who'll be the other "Willie" Kelly ? The deeds of the N.S.W. Labour Government will be watched with in- terest by Labour's eyes throughout Australia. The Holman team have a splendid chance to make history for themselves and the movement. Commodore Toni Welsby and the 'yotting' fraternity gerietally, will be sorry, but there is no help for it. The fiat has gone forth. Instead of being handed over as a pleasure reserve, St. Helena is to be retained to serve its ancient mission as a place of punish- ment. The inexorable Appel has seen and approved of the sketch plans of new prison buildings of brick and con- crete, to make them more resistant to fire than the present wooden buildiugs. The location would be higher and bet- ter, being open to the prevailing breeze, so that there would be ample ventilation. The prison would be on the most modern and up-to-date lines. Single cells would replace the asso- ciated cells, and provision would be made for lighting the quarters of the prisoners who secured privileges by good conduct. In order to justify their unspeakable conduct towards the Labour leaders in South Africa the brutal Botha brigade claim that they have proof of a plot by the deported leaders to capture the Botha Ministry, or put it out of the way, and to declare a Labour Republic. The details, it is said, are to be revealed when Parliament meets. Is any more evidence wanted after this that Botha, Smuts, and a few others want to be examined by a specialist in mind diseases and hallucinations? A member of the Canadian House of Commons introduced a bill the other day for the purpose of abolishing titles to Canadian citizens. There being evi- dently a majority of title hungry Lili- putians in the Chamber, the bill was defeated on the second reading. We in Australia can very well afford to dis- pense with these differentiations. A flagrant act of betrayal of the people of the Commonwealth has been performed by their National (save the mark) Government, which has renegged on the national endorsed policy of day labour under departmental control for the Transcontinental line, and passed the tit-bit over to its private enterprise pals. What do Australians think of a spineless Government like that ? Henry Deane, Engiueer-in-Chief to the Commonwealth, has resigned his job. Considering that the calamitous Cook crowd have now handed over the big Transcontinenta railway to their private enterprise friends, Henry ap- parently had little choice in the mat- ter—though he officially attributes his action to ill-health. Archbishop Duhig has suggested that Government pastoral stations for train- ing young men should be established in North, Central, and South-west Queens- land. Agricultural Johnny White says that "the Agricultural College at Gat- ton has now provided for that to a very large extent. There, instruction in sheep raising, wool classing, and every- thing connected with sheep is given. Once a week students are taken out by the principal to give them the points on dairy cattle, fat stock, etc. Ob- viously Johnny is a man of boundless faith. Aaron Burr, Vice-President of America iu Washington's time, once undertook to define judge-made law. "The law," he said, "is whatever is boldly asserted uud plausibly main- tained." They tell us Socialism will kill men's ambition. Let's see. The average man's ambition to-day is to hold his job and save enough to keep himself from going into the poorhouse when he gets too old to work. Seems like we might dispense with this kind of am- bition. Socialism will guarantee every man a job and banish the fear of losing it, his ambition will not be ilmited to the mere getting of a living. Because he resented the deserved lash of the paper's criticism, Tory Pro- mier Peake of S. A. has boycotted the Labour "Daily Herald" by refusing to see its representative or supply the journal with administrative news, Really, Peake ought to go to school again. A Canadian politician recently adopted a hunger strike so that he might escape examination at the bar of the House. We recommend the idea to G. H. Reid as a pleasant alternative to advertising Australia by rather over- done guzzling exhibitions. The Flinders 6ft. over its banks and the Barcoo at Tambo half a banker last week, must have been like angels' visits to the denizens of the Central and North-West. Inconvenient, per- haps, but wholly conducive to cheerful- ness, as, ordinarily, those renowned streams are anything but Mississippi- like for depth and flow. A certain Q. farmer who, with a lot of other mugs, was bluffed by the Rand moneybugs into taking part in the Boer war is apparently still hypnotised by Capitalistic cant. In speaking of Botha he said he had had the honour of fighting against him in the South African war. Honour ! Honour of fighting for rascally landlordsl ! 'Tis a strange world. An erudite Sydney paper refers to the German Premier, D. Bethmann von Hollweg, as Dr. Hollweg von Beth- mann. If it isn't careful it will be describing the Fusion leader as Mr. Cook Joseph. Juarez Franciso Guzman, who figured prominently in the revolt against the Madero regime, has been executed in the yard of his house.—Cable item. Come to think of it "executed" does sound rather politer than "murdered," which is the term the rough man who calls a spade a spade would use. "The longer the civil strife lasts in Mexico," says the "Courier" in dis- cussing the position of the armament makers, "the greater will the harvest of those gentlemen be." Good gracious! all along we've imagined that there was a blood-thirsty slaughter going on in Mexico Now we learn it is quite a civil proceeding. Only the poor are troubled by their consciences. That's why they're poor. Some weeks ago when the North, in desperation on account of the Cook Government's torpor, threatened to start a meteorological bureau of its own, it spoke belore it thought. It now appears that the weather station will cost more than the enthusiasts can afford. Telegrams alone make an item that would form the nucleus of another national elebt, a rough estimate show- ing that at least £1000 per year would have to be earmarked for that purpose. So if the Inclement weather prophet, Wragge, can't be decoyed from Windy Wellington on five guineas a week, the cyclonic North will have to do a little amateur star gazing off its own bat (that hasn't a hole in it) ! "If politics are impure and dirty," observes a prominent politician, "then it is important that women should enter them for their improvement." The City Council has a lamentable lack of delicacy and consideration for the fair sex. Looking around this dusty, insanitary metropolis, one espies no public conveniences marked "ladies," while not a public waiting room exists on the black landscape. What a shocking disregard for the gentle half of the race. The genus "gentlemen" seems to be the only af- fair studied in the matter at all—and very stingily at that. Surely the cor- pulent "littlemen" that run the municipality haven't forgotten the charming section of the law of etiquette which says "ladies first." If not, why not? Some people have strange notions of what would do women good. An up-country-newspaper, in noting the successful career of a venerable man who had recently died, made the start- ling statement that he "was born without a shilling in his pocket." We can understand the case with which a fool and. his money are parted, but what puzzles us is how the fool got the money to part with. Dr. Gilruth's summary summons to Melbourne to confer with the Federal Government on questions of policy (?) in taken as an indication of the early resignation of the N.T. Administrator. Manifestly it is the aim of the Fusion- ite Liberals to reverse all possible Labour administration, and to hound Labour appointees out of office. But there are hardly enough Liberal hounds to accomplish it. The same old coterie of stupidity has once more emerged from the municipal ring victorious, and so the squalid sloth and blunder will march arm in arm for another year. Labour on its first trial was beaten on electioneering points. It may be relied upon to put up a more conceited struggle next time. The rebuff, as usual, was due to the lazy sympathiser who stopped at home and left his most tangible form of sympathy—the vote—unrecorded. It is this sleeping type of supporter that has kept Labour standing still and put back the hands of Democracy's clock by decades at a time. And it's not too soon to set the alarm clock for the threatened Federal elections, and to get things shaped for the State ap- peal early next year also—thought it may happen sooner. Peake, the S.A. Tory Premier and his 'Torney-General arc endeavouring to bring the "Herald" (Labour Daily) to heel by refusing to give them any Government news. Some Brisbane Tory potentates wanted the same course taken with the Brisbane "Standard," when it started, but to Denham's credit he wasn't on—or wasn't game. Lifted from a Toowoomba Tory rag: Officers of the inquiry branch of the Lands Department report that the number of people regarding land since the beginning of the year constitutes a record. Included among those inquiring are many New South Wales settlers. who desire land. The officers are unable to account for the feature unless it is due to the result of the recent State elections in New South Wales. The foregoing is a choice specimen of the kind of pap the average Tory paper fancies its readers can mentally assimi- late. We think the movement is just as likely to be due to sunspots or the eruption of Sakurashima. * * * A deputation of country magnates waited on Railways Paget during the week and asked that the valuations put on the land in the benefited area of the Pittsworth-Millimerran line should be re- duced. They were dead scared that the valuations for Federal Land Tax pur- poses would be on the elevated rate of the railway valuations. It would be interesting to know whether any of these worthies would very readily let their land go to any prospective buyer at the rate they desire them valued for taxation at. Adniir.il Tirplitz, German Naval Minister, says Britain's ratio of 16 battleships to 10 was still acceptable, but a 'naval holiday' was unrealisable. It's realisable enough—but no good to the armament and iron trusts. These, apparently, are the parties to be suited. Mr. J. W. Bleakley has been ap- pointed Chief Protector of Aborigines in succession to Mr. R. B. Howard, who recently resigned. Mr. F. Loose fills Mr. Bleakley's shoes as Deputy Protector. Lloyd George says that it cost Glas- gow, as a community, and a fool com- munity at that, a quarter of a million to clear a slum area which the land- lords should fittingly and properly have been compelled to clear as a nuisance— at their own expense. Is there a point in this for Brisbane, Mayor Jenkinson? The economic iniquity of the indi- vidual pouching the profits, or unearned increment created by the instrumen- tality of the general community, is strikingly illustrated in the case of the Earl of Derby, whose offer to sell cer- tain of his property for £1,5o0,000 has been accepted by Baron De Forrest. Thee latter, writing to the Earl of Derby, remarked that the site at Bootle was bought by the Derby family in 1724 for £7000. The annual income from it to-day was not less than £100,000. Some call this speculation— others robbery. Anyhow ther's a mighty big moral in it. A notable instance of practical frater- nity has been afforded by the action of the A.W.U. Conference, now sitting in Sydney. Mr. R. Semple, the well- known organiser of the New Zealand United Federation of Labour, appeared before the Convention to make an ap- peal for a loan to the N.Z. Federation and the Social Democratic party of £1000 to enable those bodies to carry out a vigorous political campaign. On the motion of delegate Harry Coyne, a resolution to grant such loan was unanimously carried. The jingling of Bananaland's bor- rowed beans by Victoria has ended, and the £500,000 that Barnes didn't want, at a time when fuming deputations all over the country were shouting for those promised railways—has been re- paid. The big heartedness cl this stony-broke debt-ridden State in lend- ing its impecunious Tory brother this sum while the bleeding country was famishing is really beautiful. Tory charity always begins away from home. What brotherly love for the foreigner ! In South African Parliament Minis- ter Smuts tabled a return showing that 38 secret outrages had been committed or attempted during January, includ- ing 12 finds of dynamite on the rail- roads. Perhaps Mr. Smuts could dis- close the names of the Ministry's agents who put the dynamite there if he cared to! As to 38 alleged offences, if such a large number of strikers were destructively bent, 38,000 would be a nearer figure. Smuts, Smuts, get the cap and bells.  -:o:- . Now that "Zulu" has managed to make "Black Paddy" turn it up after 15 rounds, he surely has established his claim to a seat on the University Senate. We confidently look to our colored contemporary to speak up and demand justice for its colored protegee of yore. • 9 » Looking very wise and important these days is James Watson Brown, lawyer, who latterly, in conjunction with Von Arnheim, has joined forces in the "shark" business. J.W.B. may not be the best man in a court row, but a better adviser or office man it would be very hard to find, and a truer, better Bohemian old. bloke does not exist on the golafields. • * • Dr. Swanston's death is reported from New Zealand. Somewhat curi-* ously, he succumbed to typhoid, a disease from whose clutches he, and the nurses, rescued many hundreds of lives on the fields. True, "Swannie" strode trouble here; but a multitude of Westralians nevertheless, or perhaps rather the more, will learn with regret of his clouded a'nd untimely end. The proudest man in W.A. during Easter week was Jamie Lapsley, boss of the Fire Brigades. The little Scot had his love for brass buttons, gold iaee and burnished fire appliances indulged to the full—and a brave sight the latter presented. If Jamie's brigades were only half as useful as they are handsome, W.A. wouldn't grudge the money annually thrown away on them. * * • Clement Wragge, the weather prophet, bobs up to announce that if the Central Weather Bureau of Brisbane, hadn't been wiped out by a parsimonious Government, we should have had at least three weeks warning of the cyclone which caused such, a cataclysm on the Nor'-west coast. Presumably, the inclement one means that such would have been the case had he been the controlling genius. • * • David Solomon Ellis leaves Kalgoorlie for Sydney in good repute. Dave is a sawn-off, little Hebrew, and doesn't leave the fields dead broke—not by any means. Tis goal is Sydney, "the only place worth*living in on this island." Less than even twelve months ago David was almost a millionaire, and if that dreadful awful (well we might be pulled for libel if -we give details) Bull finch had not happened, David's several propositions • might • have materialised. • A helofa swell in Ealgoorlie during the week was no less a personage than Randolph Beech, bandmaster, musician, ex-pressman, hustler; and bustler. "Randy" banged the ivories for the Howard-Has san-Leis—(mostly Laurence) s^ow, and a marvellous good job he made of it, notwithstanding that he "wore Joe Strong's dress suit—eleven sizes too big for Him, Randolph improves on acquaintance, and his art on the piano ranks pnly with Mark Hambo org's. • • » Emily Soldene, who has just died in. London at the age of 68, was wellknown, in Australia in the midd^e rejLgh-, ties as an Operatic arti^. wW'^ai^lt' -company of her own. Always having literary leanings, she wrote a few books which .didn't set the world in a ferment of excitement, and. for some years acted as London correspondent for a Sydney paper. Emily. was a kindly soul, but either as actress or writer, never got much out of the ordinary ruck. ' • , Hard things . are frequently - said .about Billy Burton, of Kalgoorlie. His envelope momricker is W. K. Burton. Although he is not evena JJP., notwithstanding that on one almost historical occasion he was Mayor of Esperanee. Billy cin battle better than the majority, especially when an insurance deal lops on the scene. A heap of footballers are after William to again take on the presidency- of the GJT.L. and try and bring that queer combination into the possibilities of civilisation. We Wish 'em luck—all hands. • * King O'Malley, who has -been stirring things np, politically, in W.A. during the past few weeks goes East again on Tuesday next The strain of political life has told on the Minister forExteraal Affairs, and he has aged considerably in appearance and lost much of the jauntiness that distinguished him on his previous visit to tills State. His enthusiasm and energy, however, remain unimpaired, and whatever failures he may meet with in the future, will not, at all events, be due to the apathy with which so many others of • our "great • men" are cursed. » Matron Hornby Brown, who is head of the 'well-known private hospital in Mandurah-rd., South Fremantle, leaves &lt;5n an extended trip to England during the' present month. During her years of residence at the Port, she has made innumerable friends, and has won widespread , regard for her kindliness and consideration to the sick and suffering, and many people have good cause to feel the greatest gratitude towards her for her tender attention. Though Nurse Brown is a native of England, she cherishes an affection for Australia, and intends returning to take up her mission as a "ministering angel" in W.A. after her well-earned holiday. Frederick King, F.RA.M., who will be known in musical circles as the selector of musical tests for the colonial examinations, has been promoted to a seat on the board of the Royal Academy, London. On the death of Signor Randegger, a vacancy occurred, to which Mr. King was elected. Mr. King has taken over some of the pupils, among them Miss Beryl Hinde, of Kalg-oorlie. Thus, after having been under a Mr. Arthur King's training at Kalgoorlie, after four years, she again is studying under a Mr. King. s this master is credited with reat ability and is much in request, the fact that he placed Miss Hinde on is- limited list of students augurs well or the Kalgoorlie aspirant. J. J. Simons writes from New York to a member of "Truth" staff concernng an Australian who has made eood , hem all. He is biasing the sign of ustralia high in the heavens. Give y best regards to all good friends at ome. We will be back in May brimful f happy memories, but still convinced here Is no place like Australia." n America:-"! have spent a sooddeal f time here with James Francis Dw- er, an old associate of yours. Dwyer s right up in the front rank of Ameican magazine writers, and is one of he 'headliners' in the leading monthies. A story of his on Lincoln has rought him fame throughout the Unied States. I learned of this from some f the leading educationalists in this ity. Dwyer is held in high esteem by f I t b w h i f s h h a t p u e l i o W t p at b ^ w tnaSu w c s n m s p f e  BREVITIES. Out of the £29,327 prize money, awarded at the A.J.C. Spring Meet ing, locally trained horses won £2*1,550. Victorian horses only se cured £1800, while £780 went t:- New Caledonia. At the inquest on Henry Williams, 80, who was found dead in a tent at Orange, a verdict of death from heart failure was returned. Fivo thousaud odd acres of laud were disposed of during the past week to new settlers in the Dunedoo district. ; . At Quirindi a boy named Bradley, while visiting some relatives, was cracking a whip, when he injured his eye, and will probably lose his sight. Mrs Bell, the gatekeeper ab Bedford railway crossing Gunnedah, had her leg broken in two places, and sustained injuries to the body and scalp, through an engine dashing into the gates which she was opening. Edith Bingham has been committed for trial in connection with the death of her brother, James Bingham, keeper of Lancaster Castle, England, from poisouing. Colin, aged 7, son of Mr Augustus Gaddes, of Burrapine, died from lockjaw, caused by an orango thorn running into his - leg while- he ? was - descending from a tree. Lieutenant Conneau ('Beaumont') while testing a monoplane ab Rheims, capsized, and, falling from a height of 30ft, broke his leg, and was otherwise injured, but not, it is bhought, fatally. During the past four years the white population in Papua has rison from 609 to 1032, and the territorial revenue has increased from £21,813 to £43,455. Fifteen hundred members of the Commonwealth Forces attended the funeral in St. Kilda Cemetery of the late Sir John Hoad. The Mount Lyoll (Tasmania) miners on strike have decided to refuse the offer of the directors, and a long struggle is now expected. It is expected that Brigadier General Bridges, Commandant of the Royal Military College, will be ap pointed to succeed the late Sir John Hoad as chief of the general staff, Commonwealth Military Forces. A child named Pollock died sud denly ab Quirindi from convulsions, which, it is supposed, were caused by eating lollies from an old tin. About 400 tons of sugarcane were burnt at a fire which broke out on the Windermere Station, Queensland. During a thunderstorm at Broken Hill on Tuesday a lad John Tonkin, aged 16, was struck by lightning while cycling down Lane-Street and killed. A sculling match took place on the Thames on Tuesday between Wm. Albany, of England, and Jack Arnst, brother of the champion. The match was won easily by Albany by four lengths. Arnsfc rowed a very plucky race, but Albany's superior water | manship made the contest an easy thing for him. Since the 31st July 2000 immi grants, with capital amounting to £20,000, have arrived in Western Australia. In addition 6400 had been nominated, including those al ready at sea. Paris is going one better than turn ing its swords into pruning hooks. It has just melted 300 tons of . discarded cannons into pennies. Mr Wragge has issued a seasonal forecast, and he speaks of a* dry sum mer and a small rainfall. Though he deprecates alarm, he declares that 'water must bo conserved ' London newspapers publish eulo gistic references to tho character and ability of the late Mr Batchelor, Minister for External Affairs in the Commonwealth Government. The new British battleship King George Y. has been launched at Ports mouth. Princess Christian christened her with Australian wine. ? An infernal machine in a cafe at Toulon, France, exploded, injuring five persons. Others were injured in the ensuing panic. The total trade of the Common wealth last year . amounted to £134,505,501, an increase on the amount in the previous year, when the figures were £116,490,732. Messrs W. A. Redmond and R. Hazelton, M's.P., and Donovan, Irish Home Rule delegates-, on arrival at Melbourne from Sydney were wel comed by a large gathering. T. Reeco has challenged George Gray to a billiard match in London, 9000 up, level, with bonzolene. balls, for £100 a-side. The Queensland sugar crop is not likely to come up to expectations. This is owing to the cyclone in (I10 Mossman and Port Douglas districts some months ago. The list of candidates who lost their deposits in connection with the West Australian election numbers 16. Mr V. Carr, of Rydal, was loading a revolver, when it exploded, the bullet penetrating the left hand. He was conveyed -to the Mfcbgow Hos_ pital, where the bullet was extracted. Edward Lance was struck dead I y lightning on Eyriewald solection, near Corfield, Queensland. It is feared that the Mount Lvell (Tasmania) strike, if it is protracted, may involve other employees. Mr E. J. Pownall, Crown lands agent at Armidale, has been trans ferred to Hay as chief clerk and land agent. Mrs Robert Sheridan, of High Knoll, Collector, fell, and died, while walking in the garden at her brother's residence, Goulburn. The body of a man identified as that of William Higgins was found in Burke's Creek, near Wagga. Higgins disappeared in June la?t. At the in quest a verdict, of found drowned was returned. A plebiscite taken on the question of the lighting of the town of Mur willumbah resulted as follows: — For gas 90, for electricity 36 ; on the roll thero aro 476 voters.  A WAKNING- TO SHIPPING' ..HIGH OPERA" HOUND THE OOA.-ii WHEN "DIMON" COJiES ALONG. Mr- Clement L. Wragge has further ter rors in store for the people of South Aus tralia when his fearsome storm "Pinto" .has passed onite away. late last night he issued the following picturesque forecast of the, weather for the next week or so:- ? '"The energetic disturbance 'Pluto' will now affect the entire region between Syd ney, Gabo Island. Tasmania, and New Zea land, and Adelaide will lcive liner weather under the gradual approach of relatively higher pressure. Yet 'Agamemnon" is looming up over oceanic areas south-west from the Leeuwin, and will surely afiect this fair State later on. as already advised. An ugly-looking mdnsoonal depression, . named 'Dimon'" is hanging off the north-/ west coast north from Shark Bay, and we! would earnestly caution shipping in that locality to be on -the alert. He will pro bably affect also the Northern Territory with rain and generally enervating con ditions, and may later send a tongue or extension into central Australia. If 'Agamemnon' and "Dimon' ultimately coalesce, as seems not improbable, electric disturbance is sure /to result. In fact ere a fortnight has elapsed, we expect that high opera will be in progress around the sicks and segments of .. the anti-cyclonic and, cyclonic systems. iconic people imagine that meteorology is a study dry as dust. It is nothing of the sort, it is all music from bass to ttible,- as the winds sweep in [ rhythm round the contouring and gra- | dients of the isobars. Moj*e anon." 1  Meteorology and the Seasons. Various theories have been pro- pounded as to the influence that va- rious phenomena of nature exert in regard to the seasons. Not the least important of these theories is based on what are known to scientists as solar storms or sun spots. It is held as a correct theory that the weather or climatic conditions of the earth depend to a large extent on sun spots, and that several extreme va- riations of climatic conditions that have been experienced on the earth have been co-incident with equally extreme phenomena noted by meteor- ologists and scientists. Not the least of the savants who have held decided views in regard to the sun-spot theory is Mr. Clement Wragge, late head of the Meteorological Depart- ment of Queensland. If we study the predictions or forecasts of Mr. Wragge, one conviction is forced up- on us. We would find that his fore- telling, even as far back as 1906, was singularly correct. In that year Mr. Wragge stated that — The pre- sent solar maximum (sun-spots) is, in my opinion, gradually coming to an end. The time from the maxi- mum to the succeeding minimum is 7.55 years, and from the minimum to the next maximum 3.53 years. It, therefore, follows that Australia may expect, with the gradual ap- proach of the next minimum, a de- creasing rainfall and drought, and on the whole, especially in the central areas, with more bad seasons before the end of 1912. I will not go so far as to say that the next drought will be as severe as the last one, but I am certain of the fact that it will come, as it is possible for anyone to be certain of anything in physical life. The question of water conser- vation should be undertaken with the least possible delay, and forest con- servation is also of prime import- ance. All meteorologists know that forests tend to equalise climates by the increase of rainfall and the prevention of excessive eva- poration ... The clearing of ag- ricultural areas is, of course, essen- tial, but it should be done in the right way. Ringbarking should be carried out in the form of the letter V turned upside down, because that was the shape of the prevailing; dis- turbances. Broad zones of native timber should be left, especially on the eastern, northern and western sides for protection. Other eminent scientists have ad- duced sound theories that sun-spots have a powerful bearing on terrestial weather conditions. Professor G. E. Hale, who has charge of the greatest telescope in the world (the "Carne- gie"), has demonstrated that the sun is covered at times with immense electric vortices— known as sun-spots —which speed away ovci: its surface like cyclones upon the earth, but with a development of energy that is appalling to contemplate. The dark spots seen with smaller tele- scopes are apparently the bases of these solar cyclones where they whirl upon the fiery surface of the solar globe with a force that would set- the earth spinning like a top in a furnace blast. Every such explosion of energy in the sun appears to have its repercussion upon the earth. There is reason to believe that the secrets of the earth's magnetism, and of electro-magnetic storms, which have baffled science for many years, lie concealed in these electric whirls upon the sun, and when the new telescope is ready to study them we shall, beyond doubt, have a grasp of the problem of solar influence up on the earth that may result in the most astonishing practical discover- ies concerning the weather. Hot-water-bottle dolls are the la- test novelty in America. They are made on the same principle as the ordinary child's rubber doll, and when filled with boiling water retain their heat for a long time. They have been christened Patty Com- forts, and, according to one adver- tisement, "feel like a live baby, when filled with hot water." Every effort is made to make Patty look like a real baby, for she can be ob- tained in various styles of dress which can be put on and taken off.  MR. WRAGGE'S PREDICTION. Renewal of Cyclone Foretold. Iii Auckland on 3rd February Mr. Cle ment Wnigge, the well-known Australian meteorologist., predicted that further atmospheric disturbances would occur in the southern tropics, including the north ern portion of Ne\v Zealand. 'Atmospheric conditions,' Mr. Wragge said, ''are very perturbed within lower lati tudes than that of Auckland, rypecin'dy over all North Oaipc, the Kermadces, Tonga, Fiji. New Caledonia, Norfolk Island, and the coasts of Queensland and New South Wales. A close watch should be kept on barometer. The disastrous storms in Queensland, coupled with the floods, are sufficient indication of the general type of weather, and in various parts of the east ern 'half of Australia there may, and pro bably will, lie a renewal of such before 1st April, hence every precaution should be ! taken. As stated in January, the const of Western Australia, north from Shark Bay, may be affected by winds of the hurricane type, and the pearling fleets should be on ?the alert. I. am confirmed in the opinion that the southern edges of the tropical dis turbances will pass further south thau usual, and their penumbrae may even ex tend to the Bay of Plenty and Hawke's Bay, N.Z., under current.', from between south-cast, east.,' north-east and north, shifting westerly, blowing strong, and with a very considerable rainfall, before two months have elapsed.. These conditions are mainly due to abnormal solar in fluence.' - ' . . j  THE BRISBANE OBSERVATORY ' ? WOT UP-TO-DATE MR. WBAGGE EXPLAINS. ? To, the Editor. ? Sir - A paragraph has appeared j in a Melbourne : paper which stated that Senator Maughan had, requested in the Senate that a more effi-, cient eystem -of "weather warning stations should be established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast, and that the Commonwealth' Meteorologist has intimated that the Brisbane meteo rological observatory is not up to date. For 16 years I was head of the Queensland meteorological ser vice, and -during that time ' I established, as. Mr. Eobert PMp a former Premier, fully admitted, "a. mfr teorological and weather warning system second to none in the*, world." I had everything fixet class when I left Queens land in 1903, and as everybody knows I used to issue weather forecasts for every part of Australasia, which were verified to 96 per cent.-in accuracy. Mr. Hunt has done me a cruel wrong, and I can only look 'to an impartial and just public ana press for', some measure of redress. The -Commonwealth Meteorologist talks of Installing new instruments, specially .suited to the northera climate. Allow me to say that I personally. fixed in posi tion in Queensland the very best stan dard instruments in all parte of the country, including Cape York Ueninsula, and the t$x west. Such instruments ace available all the woiid over, and the sooner that, the :MiniBter in charge and Senators generally realise this and -ask a iew pertinent ^jnestiens in the House the better it will be for the general pub lic and shipping.. My vote was only £1500 a yeai, and the amount how grant ed to the Weather Bureau exceeds, I un derstand, £22,000 annually. Great good ness ! What do they do witlvjljye tnoneyf What have they done witlvv^jt J, S The Koombana went.-down, aad*"so did the :Yongala, and not i word of warning ap pears to.-have been issued1 by the Fede ral .Meteorologist, who just lately has been conducting a series of crofcesgue ex periments in Melbourne, showing how ithe lastflained -steamer must have foun dered. That is great -consolation, truly, to widowsgndorphartedehiMren! . If the -Queensland- "Hjeather BureA' .had been operating "under my regime most ample warning would have been given. In existing circumstances'a special wea ther bureau ought to .be established -at XSalins orT-ownsviUe before the hurricane months, entirely-independent of -Federal control, and : the eooner th is is done the better. "The .whole question" is in the. hands of the pnblic, and so I leave it. I»ei justice be don®, though the heavens l am, . ?'V'?--'."?OXflEMEXT H WBAGGE.  FAITHFUL WE.ATIHER PREDICTION. When the town.of' Mackay,; i; Queensi land, was destroyed early in the pre sent year Mr. Clement: Wragge pre slicted -a recurrence of -the tempestuous weather, adding that it would pro bably affect- New Zealand seriously. La"t-..week the prophecy was fulfilled so far as portion of Qpeensland is con cerned. Now New Zealand has had its visitation,, as the following, tele graphed to' the Argus on Twuirsd y by its Wellington correspondent shows : "The weather conditions- in' Ne- . Zea jand arei assuming 4 somewhat serious aspect. There is- every indication of the arrival of the cyclone which the Government meteorologist predicted yesterday. Manganui reports that a big bush and grass fire is raging, aind is fanned by one of the heaviest gales ever experienced. At Westmere the Presbyterian church has been lifted bodily over bloc';s by the gale. Worse news comes from Ohakune, the centre of a saw-milling district., on the lanin trunk line from Wellington to ,Auck land. Raetihi township has been al most) destroyed, and mann vettllts have been burntout.. Relief trains are tnk ing people to Oh??,ne. . Cyclonic wind-stonms have been raging in the district since vesterday . Shipping. has been. considerably delayed in . parts. There "was a north-easterly gale at Nel son, accompanied by- heavy rain. Por tion of the town is submerged, trees lhave been uprooted, and a flood is feared. Details are awaited, especially fromn Auckland, but are unavailable owing to the almost general break dows of telegraphic comimunication."  Wragge's Prophecies. The weather prophets of this dis trict, with whose reputations the func tionary controlling the weather de partment of Nature's administration has played skittles, may take some consolation from the fact that the big gun meteorologist, Clement Wragge, has badly missed, not only the bull's eye, but also the whole target at which he did some long distance shooting in 1914 (says the Dubbo "Dispatch"). Looking through old flies of the "Dis patch" we find that in October, 1914, lie rashly essayed to foretell the wea ther conditions for a period of 10 years. "During 1914," said Mr. Wragge at the time stated, "the rainfall will be under the average. This by no means Implies that there will be no rain. On the contrary, good intervening rains will occur, and the last part of this period will be belter than the first, from the middle of 1915 onwards, the rainfall will markedly increase, and from 1916. to 1920 inclusive, the sea sons will be distinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to steadily fall ofT, and the worst part of the next great 'under average' period will be 1923 and 1924. Australians will be Justified in calling that a drought. In 1925 matters will begin to improve, and good seasons will prevail from 1925 to 1930." These forecasts, ex plained Mr. Wragge, are mainly based on the physical condiiion of the sun with respect to its maxima and mini ma moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we are nearing the end of the solar minimum—or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we on earth have no conception, were least vio lent. It would seem that Mr. Wragge's prophecies, like dreams, must be in terpreted by contraries. In other words, if Wragge says it-is going to rain, you may bet your bottom dollar it will be fine. As Mr. Wragge pre dicted that 1918 would be a fat year, and failed miserably, there is reason to believe that, instead of a bad period being entered on with the advent of 1920, the earth will give forth its fruits in abundance, and Jupiter Plu Vius will be in benignant mood. We aro also inclined to believe that if Mr. Wragge would confine liis investi gations to things mundane—as the Dubbo weather prophets do—instead of straining his eyes looking for spots on the sun, he would be a better wea ther tipster.  West Australia Perth, Wednesday The collections for the relief movement for those affected by the wreck of the Koombana taken up at St Georges Cathe dral . memoriam service on Sunday amounted to about £35 10 s. The £?orgori which has arrived ait F remande brought down the door which shjs had picked up .it transpired that it belonged to the State room. JFhen the Jjfalwa arrived from Colombo she reported that Major Dowset, a passenger for. Sydney had contracted Small | Pox. The passengers for F rem an tie- will be sent to quarrantirte for t\Venty one days. King Omailey intended] Returning by the Malwa, but] in view of the outbreak of Small Pox has deferred his departuffe. The New 5outh Wales team of bowlers who are on the way to England arrived by Ortranto today" and tried conclusions with a local team. When the last shot was made the scores West Australia 82 points, and JVew ^.j&'outh Wales wei;e 77 Clement Wragge, the astronomer, who is now in Victoria, writing to a Perth, paper states that if the central weather bureau at Brisbane had still been in existance, the annual vote for which did hot exceed &lt;£1,500 per annum, three days warning, at leastj ?would have been given of the recent, cyclone on the North West coast The Premier has received a cable from Sir NeWton Moore on behalt of the West Aus tralian^ in London, expressing sympathy for the relatives and friends of those on board the Koombana, During the search operations j considerable interest was j manifested by the London office ] A list of the passengers and crew will be cabled; Ki'tgnbrHe. Wednesday JIforey and Ki3° George fought twenty rounds at the Boulder Stadium last night, fflorey had a slight advantage in the first few rounds, but 1 George then gained in eve«*y round and won a splendid fight. Penh, Thursday The £othie has arrived with 630 immigrants. The Malwa small pox patient, J/ajor Dowsett is progressing favourably. The Fire Brigade Association results are a? follows Y coupling - Coolgardie 43 2 5th seconds, Day Dawn- s 44 2 5th seconds, Brown Hill 47 seconds Hydrant race-East F reman tie 12 1 5th seconds,, Cue 12. 2 5th seconds, Leonora ,1 % 3 5 th seconds. Hose practice-r-Sandstone 37 3 5th seconds, //eekatharra 40 1 5th seconds, Guildford 41 1 5th seconds, Reel race - Cufc 13 % Siti seconds, Trafalgar 14 £. 5th seconds, Brown Hill i4 3 5th seconds One man Hydrant Y coup ling - Jl/eekatharra 22 1 5th seconds Baown Hill 24 seconds Leonora 25 » 5th secdnd3  Mr. Wragge's Forecast. ii, Mr. Clement Wragge, F.ILG.S , Iwrote on April 19, 1915, from Birken-' head, Auckland (N.Z.) that the fol lowing were his forecasts of of Aus tralian seasons 1913, to 1930, based on the nhvsical conditions of the sun tlie astronomical positious of the moon; and periodical swing of luuar declination and planetary perturbat ion operated by etheric or wireless waves "Daring 1913-14. and part of 1015 the rainfall, takiug Australia as a whole, will be under average. This by no means implies that there will be no rain ; ou the coutrary, good intervening rainR will occur, largely due to lunar tides, and the last part of this period will be better, than- the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards the rainfall will mark edly, increase, and from 1916 to 1920 inclusive, the seasons will be distinct- : ly good, with abuudaut precipitation, but slightly lessened by lunar in fluences. After 1920 the rainfall will begin steadily to fall off, and the worst of the next great under average : period will be in 1.923 aud 1924, and Australians will be justified in calling it a drought. In 1925 matters will : again begiu to improve, aud good' seasons will prevail from . 1926 to 1930,. inclusive. Throughout will the moon and planetary perturbations exercise a modifying influence. The .periodirom. the end of 1930 to 1935 has not yet been calculated. Herein have I giveu ray very best.. -I was not very far out in my seasonal fore casts 1901 to 1912, and I conscien--' tiously believe that the others will be . verified to a considerable percentage pf accuracy also." . I Our Cattle Attracts Them— A J firm of Auctioneers who are in a large way of business and specialise to a great extent in cattle are ex pected to shortly open a branch at Macksville. Cyclone at Macksville— Coonan's Fashion Emporium was right in the ! centre of the disturbance, and. prices have been knocked down ."regardless of cost, the storm sale is still raging. A Costly Shout — -A man who was fined for drunkenness at New castle. Police Court stated that he had drawn £10 due as wages and had spent the whole amount within four hcurs "in booze by shouting for a lot of drunks.'' Missabotti School.— In reply to representations he has made in rela tion to the necessity for the erection of a new school buildinsr at Missa- botti, Mr. H. D. Morton, M.L.A., has been informed that the Depart ment's Architect has been instructed to prepare plans andjspecifications for a new building with a view to the invitation of teuders at an early date. This Beats the Nambucca— Mr. T. A. Frearson, Shire Clerk of Win- douran, reported to. his Council last month that there were no arrears of rates at the commencement of the year, and that he was again able, for the eleventh year in succession, to report that the whole of the rates and rents for the current year had -been collected. ' 1 Lodge Doctors.— Victorian Medie co's who. are now ou strike hav- offered the following terms to the -Lodges: a minimum payment for medical attendance only at the' rate of £1 per annum per member in Melbourne, Ballarat, Bendigo, and Geelong, and £1 6s. in other places. It also provided for au income limit in respect to those who might join the societies subsequently, the limit being £4 per week on joining, and, any having joined, passing the limit of £6 per week would become ineligible. New Air Gas Plant— Mr. Robert Melvin, of MacleaD, Clarence River, has invented a. simple attachment to 'convert existing acetylene plants into airrgas without trouble. The new apparatus has no weight, no engine or machinery being required, and sufficient gas cnu be made by a hoy of 10 for a night's supply for. ;a household in a very, short while. The gas produced can also be used for lighting, cooking, aud heating, and is non-explosive ; the cosi of installa tion is small, and the cost of . mainten ance one-third that of carbide. An Astounding Assertion. -Mri Marion, secretary of the N.S.W. Alliance, told the people' of Manly last week how the huge debt arising out of war expenditure could be paid. He .said that , it had been estimated that by June next our war expendi ture will have reached £51 4.000.-000. _ 7 — w wwj y j and that the interest charge on this would be over £8,000,000 per annum. It would probably astonish, tliem to know that the drink bill of this State alone in a : normal year was equal to that total interest charge. " In Aus tralia," declared Mr. Marion, " since the war began fully £70,000,00.0 have been wasted on alcohol." Two hundred Stings on the Face. — A man named Hartley, a resident of Darke.'s. Forest, was savagely attacked by swarms : of bees/and sustained injuries necessita- tiuff his removal to the Ula'warra Cottage Hospital. Hartley had pur chased three hives of bees from Mr. P. J. Garrack, of Clifton, and had put the boxes in his cart with the in tention of taking them home. When crossing the railway line near the old Clifton railway station, a number of bees got out aud attacked the horse, which bolted, causing still more bees to joiu in the attack upon Hartley and the horse. Several residents who witnessed the incident succeeded in bringing the horse to a standstill and rescuing Hartley. It is estima ted that upwards of 200 stings were withdrawn from Hartley's face. Soldiers' Superstitions. — The most generally-accepted superstition among soldiers is that of the danger of using one match to light three cigarettes. It is a crime almost for anyone to light the cigarettes of two companions with the match he has ijust usea to ngnt ms own. xne reason, it is said, is that such action means the speedy death of one, if not all three of the group. In proof many stories are told, but one in particular. A group of men were billeted in a house far back from the battle -line. There had not been a shell dropped in the village for several weeks. A recruit suddenly passed a box of cigarettes among his. newly-found friends. . He struck a match, and before any of the group had realised it, three cigarettes had been lighted. When it dawned on the group what had occurred there was a deep silence for fully a minute. The offender, on being reproved, tried to laugh his fears away, but he .couldn't.. Two hours later the first shell in. a week struck the billet, and, the lighter of the three cigarettes with the one match was killed instantly.  COUNTRY DISTRICTS BABINDA NOTES. (For the 'Post' and 'Herald.') _ If Clement Wragge was a resident of this area at the. present time, and was asked to -expresse an opinion on the weather, no doubt the verdict would be very, peculiar, owing - to tropical disturbances. The mornings are hazy arid foggy, and then when old Sol takes sway, the heat is al- ' most unbearable — -hot, humid, stifling heat, with scarcely a breath of na ture's pure, fresh air — thbse condi tions last until about mid-day, and, then comes another change. Far away to the north the dark and threatening- clouds begin to gather, and, the continual rumbling of thun der and vivid flashes of lightning pre dict that we are in for a good old thunderstorm, but so far, as the nig ger would say, it's only gammon. Certainly we haye had a few smart showdrs, and on the nth we had a young cyclone; but it was that light and of such short duration that it is scarcely worth recording. However, there is no occasion for any person to predict a drought for this area, for no doubt it is only a matter of time when, tbe usual bountiful downpour will come in earnest, and our present con ditions clearly loreteu tne coming ot heavy rain. There is and always has been a peculiarity that exists in those sugar areas, and that is the number of strong and apparently healthy-looking men who will make your acquaintance quick and lively. Their trouble is al ways a shortage of cash, and they have no hesitation in asking for a bit of yours, just enough to tide them over their difficulties, and once more allow them to enjoy the good old pot of beer. This privilege, I am sorry to say, is hall-marked, and held exclu sively by the Britisher, for on no oc casion have I known the foreigner or colored gentleman to take on this bailing-up game. All sugar areas can boast of this unmanly piece of busi ness, and Babinda is no exception to the role. Mooliba way the same old condi tions are still in existence, and the battle against weeds and pests is a heartbreaking ordeal, and means for the producer a lot ot worry, hard toil and an early grave. On Buckland's road it is much about the same, and after an inspection I only saw one holding that could be classed as a farm, and was fairly free from weeds; bot this part is not alone in its efforts to go straight while crooked legisla tion wills it otherwise. From the South Johnstone and the Burdekin I have received letters that tell the same old tale — toil all day and worry ail night, and no prospect of any ease or pleasure in the future that has to come. It is glorious for the producer to be always staring at a sea of dif ficulties and carrying a mountainons load of anxiety and worry. Babinda mill has stopped chewing cane for this season, but some of the machinery has to be kept in motion during the dark and lonely hours of the night, for the State Hotel must have light There are some who are not in the know, but would anxiously like to know, if this bit of expense is going to be added on to the accumulated load that the producers are carrying, or will the beer-suckers have to' bear some of the burden. I was always under the impression that we had a sort of 'fix your prices affair.' Per haps I was dreaming; but I know that I get a shock from stern reality when I go for the daily allowance of bul lock — one shilling per pound, please. Just fancjVone shilling per ponnd for scrag in civilisation. It is simply a case of fix your prices right enough. During the *week Babinda has been well supplied with amusement; and the picture hall has been kept going at high pressure. The Archer Com pany had a :crowded house, and it is really wonderful where all the spare cash comes from in this part I notice where Dr. Rcowles is go ing to make a bid for the Shire Coun cil- It is to be hoped when lie wins the position he will invent some usefal method for extracting the load of sorrow that the shire employees are carrying in their boots. For the few .months ahead there are bound to be washaways and holes on the various roads that will require to be promptly repaired It is really marvellous the number of men who come lookiusr for work and then won't take it on si the work happens to l-e close to a hash-house. You might get some to put in a week or two; Inn if it means erecting your own camp, it generally ends in % case of nothing doing. The old-timer, who loved to be tree and independent, and enjoy the liberty of his own camp, has vanished and became a dream of the past. The members of the School of Arts held a meeting on Friday, the nth. In sugar areas institutions of this sort generally have a -difficulty in being successful, as the sugar workers are mostly unsettled for a part cf the year, that is, during the slack season. An other tiring, as. a rule they don't in dulge in good clean reading matter — a Buffalo BUI or some German in spired -rag satisfies their wants. How ever, the Babinda subesribers are to be congratulated on- their present po sition. The number of subscribers is only 42, which speaks for itself in a thickly populated part, and where so many are enjoying constant employ ment. At tbe present time there is a credit balance of £34/14/-, with the Government subsidy to be added, and the library has been enlarged by the addition of a fair number of new works. Among the names on the committee I noticed Osborne^ Carter, Johnstone and others. Where the name of Os borne appears, subscribers can rest as sured that they will get a square deal Mr. McLean is secretary for the in s citation. The Babinda farmers also held their meeting on the 13th (lucky number). Naturally, it is the same old state of affairs — some are contented, and with others you can add the 'dis ' It hap pened when Sam Griffith held - the reins, and was giving us a dose bf what he called 'Democracy.' Billy littlt introduced an ' affair that he called the Central Mill system. On paper it looked all right, and the skite of members assured us that it would raise the poor and honest landowner to a state of affluence and prosperity. Experience has taught us to cry false hopes, and also to add, 'never put your faith in a jawbone breaker. Our local . auctioneer held a stock sale on Saturday. The Babinda dis trict is a picnic ground for stock at the present time. There is grass in abundance, and instead of it being a blessing it is quite the reverse. There are many who bathe with impunity in Babinda Creek. The old hands generally make use of the shal low water, as they do not care about risking a battle royal with the nimble, saurian. I noticed a nice specimen the other day that an abo. had cap tured in the creek. Perhaps this may have the desired effect of making the numerous youngsters look before they leap, and it is the duty of the parents to caution them from bathing in the »deep holes. The Red Cross workers of Babinda have been a credit to the district in the past and by their efforts a fair amount of cash has been gathered for the heros who are at the front As i have not seen a . report appear in the 'Post' for some time, it is to be hoped that the Society will still for ward their usual report for the bene fit of the general public.  , LESSONS FROM CALAMITIES. Whoever will carefully read the story of the cyclonic visitation on our northern coast may learn a lesson as to the caution horn from experience of former calamities. Our memories are- tender and keen of feeling coneerning the loss of life suffered ou our northern coast when the Yongala went- down to unexplored depths of the sea. Even at that time; there were prudent ship commanders who, fore seeing the evil, took shelter from the storm. Experience is a faithful teacher. Now wc know, having so long sat at her feet, that ou our northern coast at this season of the year, cyclones mpy prevail. It still is vividly in memory that Mr. Wragge's .Sigma .wrought so much mischief aE Townsvilic, .threatening almost to carry' away the ugly bluff headland that looms over the city. So far, on this occa sion, it appears liuit no lives have' been lost. This "welcome stale of affairs indis putably is due to the prudence with which shin commanders have managed their crafts in those dangerous northern waters, ..dangerous when cyclones arc roaming the | sea. It is. said that the Innumincka is aground. For' the present we may sur mise that her commander deemed risks near shore to U- less than risks in llie open water, whilst a cyclone was raging. Until otherwise informed— and we hope it will he impossible to supply the infor mation—the immunity from loss of lire this tiirre experienced is .due .to the lessons in prudence taught' h'y the calamities that befell us wlii'ii..|Jn' Yoiigiila foundered.  THEY SAY That the health authorities should pay more attention to insanitary Shacks. That many a breadwinner goes down to a disease caught in.a dirty dwelling. That the advent of workers' hornee will be a boon and blessing to Bill Bowyangs. That Tattersall-s Club is pleasingly convulsed over a billing match be two Of the leather-lunged. That the battle royal took place at a leading Kalgoorlie caravanserie last Sunday night. That si gilt-edged presentation is being prepared for the challenged, who proved the victor. That thc challenger's darkened op- tics will have lost their funereal ap- pearance before he returns. That -the typewriter is the latest fad "of- a seaside celebrity. That he spends a good deal of his time learning how to manipulate the magic keys. That although his studies are pro- longed and earnest he isn't making much progress. That the fact of the teacher being young and tasty probably accounts for his backwardness. That the Needham-Forrest comedy was paralleled at a Perth splicing. That a bottle-O refused to attend a weddVig unless he was given prece- dence over the bookmaker's clerk. That because the cabinetmaker kiss- ed the bride firsts the slaughterman "went sour." That the sawn-off Senator is to be qpHC&led to to settle these delicate points of precedence. That a Claremont madam is offering a reward for thc miscreant who dyed her dog. That having painted the "sooner" purple they sooled him along the streeL That it cost the owner half a sove reign to get the canino cleaned. That Ute greatest incentive to the success of Chow laundries is the white variety thereof. That one of the most-boomed white washpries takes a fortnight to cleanse _/ ciothes. That while an exasperated public can't get its clean collar the Mon- golian makes money. That the antediluvian section of the Liberal League arc wondering what's in the wind. That the whisper of a new political organisation is disturbing the placid air that breathes around the has-beens. That they fear an Inclement Wragge kind of political cyclone that will un- roof their ant-eatcn habitat. That a recent levan ter got away with £1500 of thc very best That the favorite song of his friends is "He'll Never Come Back." That thc watermelon -. wolfing mat cues of America are eclipsed at Os- borne Park. That a party x»f Perth sports deter- mined to try the new asparagus cure. .That in their sublime efforts to. turn vegetarians they ate..the roof of the garden. That if it had not been for the pre sénce of a Tyler they would have mas- ticated the bush fence. That on: a recent railway tour two commercials discussed a recent wed . ding. That thc parties to the bitching were in the yery adjacent half-compart- ment. That in the midst of the cag-mag the bridegroom broke in and made things willing. That the Government's action with regard to the dairies should bc a warning to butchers. That if the State can protect the public against impure milk it can also prevent the sale of putrid meat. That some coastal butchers, run in cag-mag to customers when they get a chance. / That our health inspectors should get a move on and put them in their place. « That a West Perth boarding-house is in a state of Sherlock Holmes. That as the mysterious widow is sus ; peeled of being boodled every male . paying guest is on her track/ . That they are collectively spending - pounds per week in trying to. locate the amount of thc lady's lucre." That if her Mulgaland hubby gets wind of the ioke he will hurry down and cause Cain. That a well-known high-diver isnt w doing any more from Canning Bridge. That having arranged to leap from the top rail he left his togs on thc. sand. That on returning for tb cm some unfeeling pirate had been there before. That he was compelled to borrow a chaff-bag wherewith to ambush his blushes. That thc worries of a local bio. man have increased since vaudeville turns were introduced. That parents of precocious singing' brats waylaid him on the road from home to the hall. That he now avoids being, bailed UP by residing in the pub attached to the pictures. That he gets in to rehearsal by burg- ling through a window in the wall. That a recent voice trial at a local picture garden recoiled on the jokers. That baring kidded an alleged ama- teur vocalist to warble a collection was taken up. That thc chief conspirator who in- tended to donate a ha-penny threw in a sovereign. That before the error could be rec- tified thc bénéficiaire had fled. j That an ex-councillor is earnestly; asked to gag his tendency to talk of his travels. That on a recent steamer excursion he cooled the coffee with "wot 'e saw in Paria" That he never failed to let the com- pany know how many francs each feed cost. That his description of the Coliseum recalled a peroration by Pink-Top. That an absent bio. patron came near annihilation last week. That having gone out in the inter- val to see a cove about a clove he came back in the dark to thc wrong seat. That as soon as he was seated he prospected for thc pa«- of his partner. That he was immediately made aware that he was fondling the wrong fist. That South Beach was last week en- livened by a howlsome happening. That the dad of four buxom daugh- ters objected to thc fat butcher's at- I tentions. That In order to rebuke the beau I the old man waded into the water. That when he had thrown a jelly- fish at the . flirt he discovered he ha"3 pelted the wrong person. That the scandalcats of Yarloop are to have a new camp erected for future corroborées. That the site chosen is to be ad-, jacent to thc powder magazine That Yarloop's earnest prayer is should the powder explode the most garrulous gossip will be missing.  SThOR OF THE UNIVEltSE .- *-.-- WVONIDERIS OF TIll SOLAR SYSTEM. IN TiE TAIL OF A COAM?17 The fame of Mr. Clement L. Wr:agge as a scientist assured him a big audience in Launceston when lie was announced to unfold tile story of the universe, and it was consequently not altogether a surprise when many scores of people had to be turned away. The Mlechanics' was packed, and as everyone was charm ed with the "eutertainment"'-if such a term may be used-the success of the season, which embraces two more lec tures, is certain. Mr. \Vragge has added to his scientific attahinents the platform skill of the professional lecturer. Iie speaks at a terrific rate, crowding into two hours an enormous mass of infor mation about his subject, which is illus trated by beautiful photographs and punctuated by a very happy wit. Not for one minute out of the 120 he spoke was Mr. W\ragge dull. He had the house in his grip all through, and had the lec ture been twice the length he could easily have sustained the interest to the end. A fascinating story is that of the uni verse. Yet how imperfectly is it un derstood. For instance, what does the average man know about the sum, the earth, and the moon? What does lie care so long as lie has three meals a day and the other necessaries of civilised life as we know it to-day? The roomful that listened so intently to Mr. \Vragge's telling presentment of the marvels of the universe had more than a treat. They participated in an education. Mr. Wragge opened with a description of the pecu liarly wonderful properties of radium, and incidentally mentioned that it was obtained from pitch blende, which was worth £500 a ton, and which might ex ist in Tasmania. "Why not go and look for it?" he remarked. "It would be better than seeking to make a fortune through the medium of George Adams." Proceeding, the lecturer took his audi ence in a voyage through the universe, prefacing the trip by some remarks on science itself. No scientific man, he said, could be an atheist, for science and re ligion were one. "If 1 were a parson," said Mr. Wragge, "I am afraid I would be very unorthodox. I would have an astronomical observatory attached to my church, and into it I would take my congregation and show them the wonders of the Most ]igh. I would give them food for the mind instead of bothering about Lot's wife and all that sort of thing. (Laughter and applause.) As tronomy makes people think as they never thought before." (Hear, hear.) Later on Mr. Wragge said if lihe were Director of Education every school in Tasmania would be equipped with a tele scope. (Applause.) Screening sundry, photographs of the heavens, Mr. Wragge opened people's eyes as to the immensity of the universe and the countless number of its stars suns in every stage of development and decay. Incidentally lie mentioned that there was no such thing as death-what they knew as death was only a change. If one single electron were destroyed the whole balance of the universe would be upset. By the aid of graphic pictures lie contrasted the insigniicance of the earth as compared with other bodies in the universe. "And yet people put on side," lie added, "and think they are tile hub of the universe." Mr. Wragge devoted a good deal of attentioni to our sun, explaining particu larly the nature of what are knowsn as sun spots and their influence on the earth. These spots lie pictured as raging cyclones, *to the tremendous for ces of which the earth quickly responded, and which were respoonsible for earth quakes, volcanic eruptions, tidal waves, droughts, etc. It took only 81, minutes for the inlluences of these vast forces to cover the 03,000,000 miles to the earth, and it was known that all the recent great earthquakes had occurred at pe riods of great activity in the sun. Some very fine photos of solar eclipses were ex hibited, the coronal and hydrogen flames being distinctly shown. Naturally, the lecturer touched with regret upon the inability of the different scientific par ties to obtain a view of this month's eclipse, and used lis plides to illustrate what those unable to see the phenome non had missed. However, another eclipse would be visible next year in Tonga, and he advised his hearers to take a holiday and go and see it. The trip was well worth spending money on, and, after all, what was the use of money if people did not enjoy it? It was impossible to transfer it to their account with a Bank pf Australasia on the Astral Plane. - (Laughter.) . Aftr, a intterval Mr, Wrarnge a ssed on to the moon, describing its lifleoss ness, its awful cold. tid stillness. Some times a man was told to go to a place that began with an "Ih" and ended with an "1." Why not, hio suggestcd, tell him to go to the moon? Nothing could be more terrible. Then the lecturer came to lialley's comet, and explained tlha:t at 22 minutes past 12 noon to-day the earth would enter its tail, and remain there for an hour. There was no dan ger to fear from a collision between a: comet and the earth, because if such a thing did happedi-a- very remote pos-i bility-it would be the comet that would suffer. There was no risk of collision, but there was no avoiding the earth's passage through tile comet's tail. It had been reported that cyanogen gas had been detected in the tail of Halley's comet. and later it had been stated thlat no traces of it could be found, so in that respect they hardly iknew where they were. Cyanogen gas, lie explained, was highly poisonous, and if anybody felt its effects the only thing to, do was to prat. tically seal himself up in his house until the earth had got through the comet's tail. (laughtier.) Personally lie might say' hie was not going to shut himself up, and if they were to go well, they could all go together. (Loud inughter.) Speaking seriously, Mir. \\'rage assureu .his audience tlht they had nothing to fear, and advised thelm to mllake use of it piece of smoked glass with a, view of trying to see the passage of1 tlhe comet across the face or the sunl. Ife closed his lecture by a lanllelflul descripltion of tilhe tour of a iliu. who prayed to tile Almighty that he mliguilt see the tulverse, anrd was given his wish. Arn exhibition of radium fol lowed. To-night Mr. Wreagge will give hlis second iceture, the subject being "The l1Majesty oI Creation." The next witi be on Satulrday night.  A Fine Old Pioneer Mr. Thomas Muir, of "Deeside," near Manjimup, whose photo appears above, is one of the pioneers of the S.W. and S. of this State. Although he has passed the 82nd milestone, he is still hale and hearty, and ''hustles" at cat- tle-hunting and other bush work as vigorously as he did a generation back. T.M. arrived with his parente at Fre- mantle in January, 1844, in the little &nbsp; barque Ganges. From Fremantle the family went to Albany in a whaler &nbsp; skippered by a Capt Cunningham who was killed afterwards in the South Seas. The family, which hailed from Star, in Fifeshire, came out to Mr. G. Cheyne, of Cape Riche (70 miles east of Albany, who was T.M.'s uncle. In cidentatly it might be mentioned that the branch of the Muir family to which "Tom" belongs claims Fifeshire as its native place for many genera- tions, and one offshoot—an octogena- &nbsp; rian named Jeannie Muir—is one of "'Bobbie" Burns' great-granddaughters. T.M. remained seven years at Cape &nbsp; Riche, but as he approached manhood he struck for higher wages—he was &nbsp; getting but £2 per month—as shep- herd. Not getting a response, he went to Forrest Hill (near Mt. Barker), where his father had settled some time before. The "wanderlust,"' however, &nbsp; soon got hold of him, and he and one of his brothers trekked W.N.W., where they at length struck a big sheet of water, about 20 miles east of his pre- sent home. This, which was named &nbsp; &nbsp; Lake Muir, is adjacent to a holding of another of the Muir family. It was in 1852 that "Deeside" was selected. During the '50's T.M. and brother Robert followed the Denmark down to Wilson's Inlet in search of pastoral country, but they found nothing but poor land. In one of these trips to the coast they met with the deserted huts of Leake, Lander, and Crutchley, who in 1846 went there on an unsuccessful attempt to catch and cure fish for the Mauritius market. In 1861 he married Charlotte Her- bert, whose parents came from Northampton (Eng.). Mrs. M., who was the first white woman on the Warren, died ten years ago, leaving a large family of sons and daughters, nearly all of whom reside in the dis- trict opened up by their father. On hearing of the Forrests' trip to Eucla, T.M. and one of his brothers went there in two trips of the brig Emily Smith, with about 1000 head of sheep and horses. They made many trips inland while in the Eucla dis- trict, which Mr. Muir describes as poor saltbush country for the most part. After putting in two years there, dur- ing which they went to Fowler's Bay (S.A.) to learn the art of well-sinking, they got as far as Port Lincoln, whence they left in the schooner Grace Dar- ling for Adelaide. T.M. then made for his home at Deeside. Since that time he has made only one inland trip, when he and his brothers travelled in the district in and around where Wagin is now. "Tom" wanted to take up land there, but his brothers were not will- ing, and matters were allowed to "slide." In 1912 he paid a visit to his native country and the Continent, but re- turned to the land of his adoption be- fore the close of the year. &nbsp; A Yalgoo correspondent writing to the "Geraldton Express" says:— The great benefit the summer rains on the Murchison has been to the farmers and settlers on the coast is evidenced by the enormous amount of starving stock passing through by both road &nbsp; and rail for the last couple of months. Yalgoo is not in the portion where the grass is like cornfields, although there are numerous patches of good feed around, and local stock are all looking well, and the lakes and water-holes are all overflowing. Yalgoo fortunate- ly missed the cyclone that recently visited various portions of the State, although the wind was sufficiently strong to raise clouds of dust. Only a few hours after we had a rainfall of 160 points. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; A correspondent writes: The tornado &nbsp; that visited Dinninup at the end of last month was very severe. It had pass- &nbsp; ed through Lillydale, levelling fences, trees, and outhouses, also the kitchen chimney. The stable, cartshed, barn, and cowshed were all replaced in Janu- ary last. They were rebuilt, both larger and stronger, the hay, seed and manure being stored. In the storm of Febru- ary 26 the roof of half the shed was completely turned over, and the poles that were in the ground pulled out and pointed skyward. I had just released the dogs when a large gum-tree fell on &nbsp; the spot, both dogs and myself having &nbsp; a very narrow escape. I was alone, &nbsp; and the storm beats description. I was glad when daylight came. Says the "Southern' Argus":— The commencement of platelaying on the westward line of the Wagin-Bowell- ing railway has meant a considerable increase in the men employed. There &nbsp; &nbsp; are now some 160 employed on the &nbsp; construction altogether. The rails are &nbsp; laid out for five miles, and it is ex- pected that they will reach to 16 miles out within the month. The clearing and formation will then be continued, and some of the men will come back on the 15 miles for a time to ballast &nbsp; and complete it. It is hoped this short length is not to be the total con- structed from Wagin, and that the balance is to be built from Bowelling. If so, it is just as well if our civic fathers ascertain the exact position, and get it taken on at least past the Albany-road from Wagin. Says the Moora "Herald" — The de- sire to get as much land ready for the plough this season as possible has prompted Mr. A. R. Richardson and some of his neighbors to form them- selves into a party to operate a large tractor for scrub-rolling and other pur- poses. The Mindalla company is there- fore in existence, and, armed with a 26-h.p. J.H.C. tractor, operations have begun. Last week this massive piece of machinery arrived from Perth in charge of S. Wake, and it was interesting to observe the ease with which its driver moved it off its truck to the railway platform under its own power. Subsequently it drew a considerable load of benzine and stores packed upon a trailing waggon out the 32 miles to Myalling, where rolling is to be pushed on with at the utmost speed possible. Mr. Clement Wragge has computed a forecast for the seasons of Australia for the next 15 years, based mainly on the physical conditions of the sun with respect to its maxima and mini- ma moods, moving in cycles of 11 years. During part of this year, Mr. Wragge says, taking Australia as a whole, the rainfall will be below the average. This by no means implies &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; that there will be no rain. On the contrary, good intervening rains will come, and the last part of the year will be better than the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards, the rainfall will increase markedly, and from 1916 to 1920 inclusive the seasons will be distinctly good with abundant precipi- tation. After 1920 the rainfall will be- gin to fall off, and the worst part of the next "under average" period may be called a drought. In 1925 matters will begin to improve, and good seasons will prevail from 1925 to 1935. From Kumminin: Judging by the &nbsp; &nbsp; quantity of rain which has fallen since the beginning of the ycar it looks as though we are at last going to have a bumper season. The self-sown wheat in sprouting nicely and should help to tide settlers over the shortage of feed difficulty whilst preparing for seeding. Farmers are complaining bitterly about the methods adopted by the Assistance Board. In some instances applications for assistance have been in for three months, and up to now no one knows definitely to what extent assistance is to be given. The wheat muddle is bad &nbsp; enough, but there seems no earthly rea- son why there should be so much de- lay in letting us know the quantity of super it is proposed to supply. Some of the merchants in Perth appear to be in possession of these facts, vide &nbsp; circulars issued to farmers soliciting their orders and stating that the ap- plications had been approved by the board. It is rumored that there is go- ing to be a shortage of tarpaulins to cover the fertilisers when they are &nbsp; sent forward, and if such is to be the case, why not rail some of it right away so that the truck coverings could be utilised for sending later consign- &nbsp; &nbsp; ments? There seems to be plenty of &nbsp; ted tape; why not swathe the super in some of that? Some months ago the Government made a great song about &nbsp; the way in which they were going to provide assistance, and in making application on the prescribed forms one &nbsp; naturally expected to be informed to what extent in regard to each item of the estimated expenditure assistance would be given. The months are drag- ging on, and up to the present no one appears to be enlightened on the sub- ject, with the exception of one item, "Stores." The bachelors are feeling &nbsp; very grateful to a benevolent Govern- ment for allowing them fifteen bob a week, and the question now asked is, if it costs a farmer (cultivating 300 acres of wheat land single-handed and producing 3600 bushels valued at 6s. per bushel) fifteen shillings a week to live, what should be the cost of keep- ing a gaseous politician who works on an average six months in the year and picnics the remainder.  NEWS SUMMARY. Don't miss to-morrow's races, at South Murwillumbab. Wodburn voted 16 for Wednesday half -holiday, and 12 for Saturday. Work should commence early in .the New Tear on the Ballina-Booyong rail way. Cheap meat will be available at the Cash Butchery, Coolangatta, during- the Christmas season. Go 'to White's for that Christmas Pre sent. Anything for big or small' at White's on the spot. The poll on the Saturday half-holiday question in Lismore and Bailina, is ex- cifing a lot of attention. Aviator Pickles has Qiad a further ac cident down . the Coast and his trip to Grafton before Christmas? lias been fur ther- postponed. " Boxing Imperial Hall, -to-night. Good programme guaranteed., Wednesday's storm, though, very patchy from the point of view of rain, fall/ was the most brilliant eleetrieal dis play seen locally for some time. - Owing to the continued, scarcity . 01 butter supplies are still; being Teceivcd frbm Victoria. No famine is anticipat ed. as long as shipping space is avail able. - /Every £1 you spend at Jay's -two stoves this month means a 3/ Gift of Croekery, Glassware- or Electro-plate, or you anay take Drapery to tlie same value if you so desire. / The "Freeman's Journal," Dublin, has been suppressed for' publishing state- . ments likely to disaffeet the -.police. The type and vital ' portions of the plant were removed. , ' ... ' A special meeting of the Murwillum- bah Municipal Council called' for Wed nesday afternoon to further discuss elec- - trie iighting matters, lapsed for want of a quorum. , . . / , It will be about a fortnight the final figures are completed for the House -of .Representatives and the Sen ate, ' although 1 the position of . parties will be settled ere that. / Another hotel change is that- of the/ Federal Hotel/- Alstonville. Mr. W. O 'Brien, junr., of Mullunibimby, . has bought this from Mr. J. J. Kelly, who take over Wells'. Hotel, Tweed Heads. Boxing/ Imperial - Hall/ to-night . Good .programme guaranteed. Mr. Lloyd George; -speakmg in , the House of Commons, said that in - order to remedy, the fall of exchange between France and Britain the British Gov orn- rneht had agreed to issue a French loan. In a' southern- court the other day, a prize, lien, the subject of a dispute, was .produced, and she laid "an 1 egg in tlie court. : However, she's not .the first fe male tq lay her domestic., troubles, before a judge. / _ . Several cyclonic storms were reeordea in Queensland on Wednesday, that at Warwick, being the : most severe, -many buildings, including the Anglican Church were unroofted and ;thc damage, is osti, mated at many thousands of pounds./ Owing to a mishap; tne " Daily" miss-;. ed the "line" mails yesterday morning; for the first time for many months. It is anticipa'ted ' that matters will be so ar ranged that this and future issues will not be so delayed. . American reports stating that Italy has been given sovereignty over Fiurne are incorrect. M. Clemenceau and Mr. Lloyd "George have informed the Italian Minister for Foreign Affairs; that -Pre sident Wilson adheres to r -his former standpoint, therefore, the only solution of . the problem „was to hiaker Fiume au tonomous. r" / . _' Boxing Coiitest, Cox v. - Cable, Imperial Hail,,' "to-night/ ' -. The' contemplated split -ih. the Nationa,. - lists ' ranks following on the adoption., of proportional voting, and. the Labor swing . in t-liis State -is possible early in the New Tear. It is conceded t-liat the antl- National vote in' the divisions is mainly due "to the influence of Mr. Holman anu his evident desire to stick, to Mr. Gra- hame despite the wheat . inquiry, disclos- , ures. " . . Boxing Contest, Cox v. Cable, Imperial ; Hall,, to-niglit. - / / / Some people seemed to be disappoint ed that the Wragge's promised' general/ mix-up due to sun storms due on Wed nesday, apart from a thunderstorm did not materialise. Anyhow, early in the morning a rumor was current, that Lis- . more had been laid flat by a cyclone and a huge lot of other damage, including numerous ship-wrecks was also given to the credit or., discredit of.- the sunspot. Handbags, Wallets, Fountain Peiis_ Gift Books, Xmas Stationery and Cards at Moore's, Tlie Value Shop, A Conciliation Committee has arrived/ at an agreement between the .Municipal authorities- and .the Health Inspector's ; Association whereby Murwillumbah will require to pay its Health Inspector £255 ; per annum plus travelling ,oi\ ot-h.er ex penses ..while 011 duty. It also provides; for a fortnight's holidays, annually, on full pay." Bailina and Keinpsey 011 the Coast will pay the saniG. Lismore is to have two inspectors oiie at .£250 and. one , at £240; Cameras.— Kodaks, . Brownies, for Xmas at Moore's, Kodak's expert' agents. '/ The N ew York " Times '. ' W ashington correspondent states that, the Agricul tural 'Committee of the House of Repre sentatives "tabled a resolution to7 repeal tlie war-time prohibition, 'tills de stroying the holies of the anti- proliibi-tioii : - forces. V" The liqror in terests estimate they . will lose 1,500,- 000 dollars because of their inability to dispose 'of the huge liquor stocks before January 16,' 1.920',. when the prohibition. ' amendment comes "into force "for (iama- : ges. Some -hope is helcf quf tliht the Su- ') preme Court may/ declare "against . the. ( , prohibition law. ; , j Extra supplies of Kodak Filmy Plates, . laid Priiitinsf Paners at Moore 's 3 The -.joke of Woodburn on Saturday was the- error made by a well-known La bor enthusiast. Duriiig the morning he was. heard; instructing others how to vote. When lie came out :of the booth he confidentially informed a friend that he had given "three votes to O'Dea, two to Steel, and one to that fellow, Green— and that was one more - than he deserved!" When he woke up to the fact of what he had done he disappear ed from the street,: and was -seen no more; for the rest of f he; day. : ; . Novelty Folding . ' View Cards (12 views), procurable only at Moore's. : - A 'fire occurred on Tuesday -night in tlie cargo on the Boonah at Albert Docks chiefly among war material captured from the Germans. This was burning strongly at mid-night. The vessel was due to proceed to Hull, on. Wednesday. There have been recent outbreak 011 Ger man liners, for example on 'the Swaliop- mund and Hubertus also on 'the ex-German raider Dekalb, in America, and the Cape Verdo in the Thames last week loading; for Australia. These are at tracting suspicion as being organised in cendiarism. . . No need to argue, Moore's is the place for toys. Responsibility for any artiele in this issue required to be signed in accord ance with the Commonwealth Act is taken : bv W. . Baker Qmen Street, M'ur-' willumbah. .  GENEBAI NEWS. THE BUDGET". I Tln.-> alternóos in the House of AsHeiribly \he "Treasurer (Hon. Ç.. Vamrhtin) will de- liver his &econd financial statement pince 'talrine office in the \'errau Government. | The Estimates of expenditure, the state- ment of Ways and Means, and -the appen- dices will bo laid upon the table prior lo the House going into Supply, which will be the first business on the paper. It i»¡ ?not likelv that there will lie any airing of I Grievances on the motion to go into coru | mittee. as- it is a sort of convention in Parliament that a Treasurer with a finan- cial statement to deliver shall not be sub ' jected to any unnecessary »delays. Mr. | Vaughan expects to occupy from an hour and a half to two hours_ in his compre- hensive survey of the position. _ Although | the _ present season is not without its anxieties owing to the lack of rain in cer ! tain parts of the State, the story to be told j by Mr. Vaughan will for_ the most part be of a cheerful and an exhilaratinc eharac I ter. The revenue from taxation has I been even better than was expected, and I the income cenerallv has been large. After j ziving it review of the operations of the past vear the Treasurer will supply fleures j concernine the various heads of revenue. [ such as railwavs, land, income, and stamp taxes, as well as nrobate and succession I duties. He will devote attention to I land settlement which the Government are doing everytbinc in their_ power _ to en courage. Considerable interest is mani- fested . concernine the new taxation pro- posal.« of the Government, and it is ex [ pected that the policy of last year in re ; spect to increased land taxes will be submitted aeain. accompanied by a pro- posal to exempt earnings below £300. a year from the income tax. The pre I sent exemption is £200 a year. RETURN OP THE ENGINEéR-rN GHIEF. Mr. Graham Stewart, the Enginççr-in. Chief. who has oeen on an official visit to England, the Continent, and America/ in I search of machinery for the construction I of drains in the South-East and other works, will return to Adelaide by. the mail j steamer which will reach the Outer Harbor I on Sunday next. Mr. Stewart left Ade- laide at the end of January, and made London his headquarters. He went to America on a short business trip, and abo I visited countries on the Continent in search [ of information as well as machinery whicn will reduce the cost of making the big channels necessary to' drain the South-TSas ; tern swamp lands effectually. Mr. Stewart I made enquiries on the subject of construct- ing locks on the River Murray, and had consultations with several experts, .wha are willing to come to Adelaide to report on j the Murray question. Soon after his re- turn he will have an interview with the | Commissioner of Public Works, and com- municate his opinion respecting the most | suitable man to be commissioned for the ! special work. The Government will pro- bably act on his advice promptly, so that within a few months an eminent engineer ought to arrive under a special engagement to examine the river and raport on the best sites for locks and other matters con- nected with the scheme for improving the navigation of the great waterway. A BDSY TIME WITH COMMISSIONS. The Select Committees of the two Houses of the Legislature" on tile Ice Works and Produce Depot, met on Monday-the House of Assembly committee in the morning and the Council committee in the evening. The Sedan Committee spent the whole of the morning examining the Railways Com- missioner, and .the Eyre Peninsula Railwuy Commission were engaged far three hours taking the evidence of the Railways Com- missioner, the Surveyor-General, and Cap- tain Weir, of the Governor Musgrave. Later in the day the members of the Coin mission inspected the mono railway, which was laid down on tho Jubilee Exhibition BTOund. fo- the recent Show. The Bonier Railways - Commission spent two hours on Tuesday considering their report, aud the Wharfs Commission devoted a similar time on Wednesday to the taking of evidence from Mr. Arthur Searcy and the con- sideration of the report. The Legislative Council Committee on the Ice Works met again on Wednesday evening, and this afternoon the Border Railways Commission I will leave for Melbourne to meet the Vie-| torian Commission, which is investigating ¡ the same subject, for the purpose of cn ' deavoring to finalise the work of the two bodies and fixing up the report. To-mor ! row morning the members of the Water i Supply Commission will leave for Pasko I ville to inspect wooden pip?8 put down ' there as an experiment. Next week the i Wharfs Commission will assemble on Wed- nesday morning to consider the report, and in the evening the Electoral Rou Irrcgu | larities Select Committee of the Legisla i tive Council will hold another meeting. On j the afternoon of the same day the "Eyre , Peninsula and Murray Lands Commission | will leave for Pinnaroo to make enquiries I concerning the stisgestcd line from near ' Peake to Butcher's Soak. The members of the Commission will proceed in tlu Melbourne express to Murray Bridgo, where tliev will remain for the night, con- tinuing the journey to Pinnaroo the next morning. On Friday thev will drive out to look at the country in the vicinity «if the Soak, and on Sattirday will return to Lameroo in order to inspect the country to the north along the proposed route of the new railway. FROM PLENTY TO SCARCITY. A fortnight ago some of the, market packers were busy exporting to Victoria .every cabbage and cauliflower they con M spare, as the demand over the border was so great that almost any price asked for .was obtainable. Fortunately the supply here was fairly good then, but a complete , reversal of conditions has occurred, and the quantity available is extremely limited now. At Wednesday's markets the ab- sence of cabbages and cauliflowers was particularly noticeable. The prices of cauliflowers have advanced 100 per cent., and those of cabbages have gone up 50 per cent, within the last few weeks, accom- panied by a downward movement in quality. Instead, therefore, of being able to export the vegetables to Melbourne the packers are anxiously looking for sufficient stock to meet the requirements of local i trade. The explanation of the shortage is ' that the young spring crops in the hills gardens are not ready for cutting except in small quantities, and the warra weather of this month has caused the balance of the crops on tlie plains to go to seed. There are large quantities of cauliflowers on the* plains, but they arc not ready for picking in bulk lots, owing to the dr\ spel] recently experienced having retarded the development" of the flowers. The showers which have fallen within the la-st .week tvfll help the crops a little, and the packers and dealers hope .shortly to have .better supplies. Fortunately peas are , coming forward in considerable quantities, and they should relieve the tituation. THE SPRCCG SHOW. ( A full report of the Adelaide Spring j Show, with a description of the exhibits I and a list of the prizes won appears in j '"The Chronicle" which is published to-day. There arc also four pages of portants j and photographs relating to the Show, j Some of the pictures ore particularly artis- tic and the whole issue forms a splendid I souvenir of an exceedingly successtul ex- hibition, and one admiiably adapted for dispatch to friendo at a distance. Por- j tniiUs are given of his Excellency the Go- vernor, the president (Hon. W. B. Rounse-1 veil), the vice-presidents (Messrs. R. li. Crawford and J. W. Sandford), and the | secretary (Mr. J. A. Riley). There is Tine general group of the officials of the j society, with tlie Governor, the members | of the Ministry, and other distinguished visitors, comprising over 100 .persons, all »f whom are readily recognisable. A page ii devoted to the cattle, the magnificent Hereford bull, May Dyke IV.. being in the centre, with eight other splendid animals ranged round him. The crowd at the ma- chinery stand, the throng watching the horse events on the oval, with the stud 'cattle and the draught and roadster stock are the subjects-of four other lino illustra- tions. The champion merinos, the chain- j pion stallion aud mare, the hackney cob stallion, the jumping liorseS; "thé hacke;, tte à ponies, and a group of hacks 'with Isa] riders make up another page. Snapshot of competitors in the harness horse an&lt; pony classes are also included. The col lection of pictures is both comrprehensivt and artistic. SUNDAY WORK ON MAIL STEAMERS Por a long time members of the Pon Adelaide Working Men's Association havi objected to Sunday labor on mail or othei «tt-amers. except in cases where- pcrhapi risk-to life was involved. To a large ex tent they have in this respect enjoyed thi 'sympathy ol' the Legislature, and Sunday work has been'avoided bv the various ship ping companies. Montlis have elapeet since a mail steamer from London arrivei here on a Sunday. Consequently th( ¡ question of Sunday work has not beet raised. It whs. however, revived at Port Adelaide on Wednesday in conncctior with the Orient Company's R.M.S. Ormusc This vc«sel was a day late in getting t&lt; Colombe from Port Said, and she failet to pick up lost time in the run to Pre mantle, wliich was reached at 1 a'.m. 01 Wednesday. Before leaving the Westen Australian port at 9 a.m. for Ade luirle her commander advised tin agents here that he expected te reach the Outer Elarbor at noon on Sun day. Tlie vessel lias (JO tons of genera merehandiFe to unship here, and th&lt; working men were asked whether, if a spe rial permit were obtained, they would worl on Sunday. Thev considered that to di i so would establish a bad precedent, and re fused. As a result the work of dischàrg ins: tile cargo may begin at midnight or. Sunday, or the steamer may. to save time take the Adelaide merchandise on witl her to the eastern States. RAIN IN PLACES. Tiie farmers are'beginning to look witl: some anxiety for heavy spring rains. Al thcugh it would lie an exagération' to sas that the condition of the wheat crops any where in the State is critical, a soakinc downpour would be welcome. The Gov ernment Meteorologist, in his report lasl night, stated:-"'fhiring the 24 hours enden at S.30 a.m. on Wednesday fairly genera! rain was recorded south from Melrose. The falls were usefirl^ and some of the higkeal amounts were:-Uraidla, .W points; Angas ton, 40 point*; Watervale 28 points; Ka punda nnd Clare, 27 points; and Burra, It points. Scnttei-ed showers only were, how -ever recorded in the South-East. Tin weather chart shows that the succession oi low pres-sure wuves from the West con tinuej another being- located south of the Bight which is being followed in turn by the usual anti-cyclone. The wave of low pressure, however, does not seem at pre sent to have much energy, so that indica' tiona are for fine weather for the most part, with perhaps a few light coasta. showers." PARLIAMENTARY BREVITY. ifv. T. S. Byan. M.J?., ond Mr. E. H. Coombe both huvo some ' long «peech« to their credit in the Parliamentary records of the State. On Wednesday however, cadh gentleman was as brief nf it was possible to be in submitting :i proposition of the first importance to the House of Assembly. Both meirtbere ubed the same phrase and nothing more. Wheo the line on the notice-paper referring te . the adoption of the first report of the 'Royal Commission on the Adelaide Uni versitv and llighor Education was reached Mr. Ryan rose and said, "Mr. Speaker, 1 move the motion standing in my name." "1 second that,'' said the Premier, and if the leader of the Opposition had not inter- vened the resolution, which meant an ad- ditional grant of ¿£1.000 a year to the Uni- versity, would have passed without another word. When the fourth order of the day, "Proportional Representation »Bill, second reading," was called on Mr. Coombe used exactly the same words as Mr. Ryan. He was not so fortunate, however, for where- as the first motion was carried his was adjourned. The session would be soon over if tlie example set hy Messrs. Ryan and Coombe on this occasion was generally followed. SECOND CLASS SLEEPING CARRIAGES. The Railways Conrmissioner intends to provide second class sleeping accommoda- tion on long-distance journeys within the State as soon as possible. Between Ade- laide awl Melbourne this must be a matter for interstate negotiation, and as far* as Broken Hill is concerned it must wait for the completion of the now carriages. The question and arrangements for a dining car "between Adelaide and Scviceton has | been carefully considprcd, but the expense of hauling such a carriage over ihe Hills line- is prohibitive. " " ROBBING THE RAILWAYS. Tlie Premier (Hon. J. Verran) chocked the members of the house of Assembly on Wednesday by announcing that in the space of about, a month, during August and September. 10 decanters and 222 tumblers had been stolen from the car- nages on the South Australian railways. Mr. Rudall asked if the articles were not branded. The Premier replied that they were taken away, brands and all. He con- sidered the face to be a great reflection on the honesty of the travelling public. There is no doubt that if such depredations con- tinue the Railways Commissioner will be cliary about providing articles of a movable character for the convenience of passengers by the trains. THE AWFUL MOON. Tho Goddess of the Night, to whose pale beauty poets have sung praises, was given an awful character by Mr. Clement L., Wragge in the course of his lecture at the Sydney Y.M.C.A. Hall on Saturday night, says the "Daily Telegraph .1' 'ihe moon, .he said, is fast crumbling co decay." In- cessantly great pieces are breaking off the cliffs and mountain tops and tumbling to the arid plains. But not a sound is beard. A dead silence covers the scene, for there is no atmosphere surrounding the decaying orb. For the same reason there is no vegetation, and. while the portion bathed in sunligltt is for the time hotter than a furnace, the other half-night timer-« I colder than the nose of a Polar bear-250 ¿eg. below zero, as a matter of calculation. In point-of fact he could not conceive of a greater punishment to anybody than to cousign him to the moon, if such were pos- sible. And nothing was surer than that the earth would eventually be in the same .predicament, and become exactly like the moon. But she would still be fulfilling her part in the universe. Ether waves would be passing from her decaying and crumb- ling surface to light another planet created for the purpose. I MAIL STEAMERS. I The R.M.S. Ophir, of the Orient line c royal mail stcameriä. is expected to reac. the Outer Harbor from Melbourne at a.m. to-morrow, and will leave for Londo; the same dav at 1 p.m.. . The last specia will leave North-terrace at 12.1 p.m. fo the Outer Harbor. /die Orrnuz is ej pected to arrive at the Outer Harbor frou London at noon on Sunday, and will sai for Melbourne at 4 a.m. on Monday. Tin last special train will leave- Xorth-terrae for the Outer Harbor at 9 p.m. on Sun dil» TI1E ELECTORAL ROLLS COM- MITTEE. The Select Committee of the Legislativ«; Council, which has 'been investigating tin alleged irregularities in connection with th&lt; Central district of the Legislative Council has been unable to" hold meetings lately oi acconut of members being otherwise _ en. gaged, but arrangements have been made to resume the enquiry on Wednesday next No action has been taken with respect to tlie two witnesses who refused to answer, questions until they had made a state- ment, and considerable interest will attach to the meeting next week. IN OPPOSITION TO GAMBLING. At the Baptist Church Conference on Wednesday afternoon the following mo- tion was carried at the instance of the Rev. Frisby Smith:-"In the interests of the young people of the State, this Con- ference rc-ailirms its decided opposition to all forms of gambling, and views with great concern the large increase of money now passing through the totalizator." Mr. Smith, who is assistant secretary to the Anti-Gambling League, said the amount of money which had passed through the to- talizator in South Australia during the past year represented 2.3/ per head of the popu- lation. Even in the pleasure-loving and gambling country of France the money in- vested in similar channels was only 7/6 per head. In New Zealand the amount per head was £2. Ile said he could submit the motion -with a great deal of earnest- ness because of the knowledge he had ob- tained during the last few months. Within five years the amount of money passing through the totalizator in South Austra b'a had doubled. COSTS OF BOARDS OF ENQUIRY. Referring to the disproportionate cost of Federal boards of enquiry as compared with the importance of the matter» they liavc to investigate, the Federal Public Service Commisi-ioner remarks in his re- cent report:-""In one case the dep«ir:mcnt framed 16 charges against an officer, and a boan! of &lt;m-,uiry was appointed to investi gate these charges. The enquiry extended I over eight days, during which the time" of I officers and witnesses was taktn up to thei explosion of ordinary departmental busi-! ness, while the accused officer was put to serious expense in engaging counsel to de j fend himself. The officer was found partly I guilty op one of the charges, tlie remaiudor' being disproved, and it was demonstrated that the fault lay rather with the system adopted by the department m carrying out its work than with the accused officer. This officer was under suspension for a period of five weeks, he was compelled to pay legal expenses, a penalty of £5 was inflicted, and an increment withheld from him, responsible officers were withdrawn from their work, and practically a whole branch temporarily dislocated, and for ' what? To prove a charge which was capable of proof in half a day. Had the law permitted it, I should certainly have recommended the Government to reimburse the suspended officer the amount of his legal expenses, which would not have been incurred only for the unnecessary multipli- cation of charges against bim. The case was one which could have been readily dis- posed of without a board of enquiry." ISLANDS IN THE COORONG. Tlie South Australian Ornithological Association recently leased some ol' the islands in the Coorong for the purpose of protecting native birds, and allowing them to breed. On Tuesday the secretan' (Mr. J. W. Mellor) left to inspect these islands and furnish a report. It is intended to erect notices forbidding trespassing. Na- tives also will be prohibited from mo lestine the birds. Mr. Mellor will pro- ceed to Goolwa, and there join the inspec- tor of_ fisheries, who is proceeding to the Coorong in the departmental motor launch. ' TRAINING SHIP AT THE SEMA- PHORE. After about a month's stay at Port Ade ; laide, the fine Danish training-ship Viking , was towed to the Semaphore anchorage on I Wednesday morning. The vessel, which ' has attracted considerable interest during . her visit, is fully loaded with wheat, ' shipped by Dalgety & Co. Her destination is the United Kingdom, but she will not sail for a few days. WINE TASTING. The annual wine tasting in connection with the> recent wine- show was conducted i at the Jubilee Exhibition Building on Wed- nesday. Among those present were:-Mr. Paul Kitz, of Messrs. Kitz & Son, Mel- bourne, and Mr. J). Reid, of the Orient Com- pany, Sydney, a. recognised authority on wine in Australia. The awards of* the judge (Mr. W. W. Senior, of Victoria) ami the merits of the different wines were .freely discussefl by those engaged in the trade. i VISITING SCHOOLBOYS. By the Melbourne express on Wedncsday there arrived six masters and 25 students of the Melbourne Continuation School. The j visitors included the principal (Mr. J. I Hocking, B.A.I and Miss Hocking, Mr. ! and Mrs. J. Ackeroyd, Mr. and Mrs. C. i G. Waters, Mr. E. Witherington, Mr. A. James, and Mr. J. B. Cooke. Mr. E. Triplet will arrive by the express ' to- day. The visitors were met at the station bv the principal of the Adelaide High School (Mr. W. J. Adey). The scholars are member« of the Melbourne school foot- ball tetvm, and will piny the A.H.S. team on the Jubilee Oval to-morrow afternoon. The masters will meet the Adelaide teachers in a tennis match on Saturday morn- ing. A good programme for the entertain- ment of the visitors has been arranged by Mr. J. G'uis (sportamaster). MOORAK ESTATE. Applications have been received at the Surveyor-General's Office from'271 persons for blocks in Moorak estate. There are 149 blocks, including 37 under one acre in area. A few of tlie small blocks were not applied for. HIGn COURT OF AUSTRALIA. A sitting of the Full. High Court of Australia will .begin in Adelaide on No- vember 6. RAILWAY REVENUE. The railway earnings for the week ended September 16 amounted t'o £44,948, as against £44,201 for tlie same period last' year. THE NEW GOVERNMENT GEOLOGIST. The Treasurer (Hon. C. Vaughan), when asked on Wednesday whether many appli- cations lind been 'rcceivetl ,for the jHtei'.ion'' of Government G-ologist on the retirement of Mr. Brown next month, said a fair num- ber had come to hand from, men in Aus- tralia with- exceptionally good qualifica- tions. THE MURRAY SWAMPS. The new excavating machine for work at the "Murray swamps, which was imported from the United States, is now being as- sembled near Murray Bridge under the supervision of an American expert. The Treasurer will visit the swamps to-morrow in company irith^the Acting Director of Irrigation (Mr. Kellett), and he will take the opportunity of having a look at the ma- chine, which .has a great reputation. It is proposed to give an exhibition perfor- mance before members of Parliament shortly. . "THE CHRONICLE." -This week's issue of "The Chronicle" is an unusually interesting one, because it contains a full account of the Show, and several pages of show pictures, in addition to a mass of other reading matter and illustrations relating to a variety of sub- jects. ?> Special articles on agricultural matten?, horse-racing, and sports and pas- times generally are contributed by expert*., and there is abundance of local news apart from ¿lie contributions.sent in by country correspondents, while on other liages will lie found the news of >the world in cou densed form. In the illustrated supple- ment, which this week consists ol eight pages, there are several excellent group, photographs, in which nearly every indivi- dual can be identified. The delegates to the Baptist Union and Churcli of Christ Conferences are represented in two pic- tures. The delegates to the United Labor Piirty Conference are sbown in a group with large photographs of the president and secretary at the t-ides. Tile staff oí the Railways Department at Port Pirie, the officers and others who were present on the occasion of the installation of Bro. Phillips as W.M. of the Masonic Lodge at Petersburg, and the members of the Local Government Association are seen in large photographs* One of the most successful pieces of work of the kind ever seen in the press shows the delegates to the. first con- ference in connection with the Liberal Union held in the Adelaide Town Hall last week. It occupies a full page, and all the faces.can be'recognised. There is a picture of the Dutch training ship Viking, and two pictures associated with the soldiers' memo- rial service held last Sunday. Four gene- rations of tlie Bradford family, of Monteith, near Murray Bridge, are. seen in a "small picture. Tbe Eastern Extension Telegraph Com- pany report», that the latest telegram from Adelaide which arrived in London up to 10 a.m. on September 20 was timed 5 p.m. on the same day. The time occupied in tran- sit was 1 hour 58 min. Tlie Trade Commissioner in London tele I graphed on September 19 to the Govern- : ment:-"Wheat market very dull. Liver- pool market-steadily held, but not active." A meeting of the Justices' Association wül be held on Thursday n-tKt Mr. James Gordon, S.M., will deliwr a le-cture. At 6 o'clock to-nieht the exhibition of Mr. Blamire Young's watercolors closes. Pictures from this collection have already ! been bourzht i>v the National Gallen" of i South Australia, and private buyers. In I the afternoons the callery ha» been crowded with visitors.  ? PROM VARIOUS SOURCES Running a country newspaper 1b not all sunshine. A rural editor gives the following hint:—"The fellow who can play billiards, smoke cigars, have six penny drinks, shout for others, trip it to Sydney, go to the races, etc., should not overlook the fact that he owes us a couple o£ quid." "D'yer see that there old cove com in' outer Jones' pub?" remarked the way-back leg-puller to a new arrival. •'Well, 'e's the champeun boozer ov this locality. He's been drunk fur a quarter ov a century, an' if 'a wos ter wake up some mornin' an' find 'imself sober I do believe the shock would kill 'im Twelve months ago 'e wos bitten by a tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too." "Did the man die?" the new chum asked. "No," replied the bushman, "but the snake got blind paralytic j drunk." , ! Beauty is only skin deep, but curves is curves. "The Secret of Smart Dress," runs a headline in a contemporary. Some of the costumes we have seen recently had nothing secret about them at all. "Johanna" tells this one in the "Bul letin"—An exalted military gentleman in Melbourne found himself beset by aD untidy young woman of about 25 in a suburban street the other morn ing. "You're , ain't you? Well, Bill can't &lt;;o to the war." "My good woman, I " "I tell yeh straight. Bill can't go to the war, an' 'e won't, so there. Bill's engaged t' mo; then he goes and enlists t' fight the Ger mans. Well, he. won't go, see. He's said he'll marry me, 'a' he ain't goln' t' got off so easy. I give you my word." Can't you picture Bill in a snow-filled trench, with a bullet in his neck, getting off easy? All men are born free and equal, but the majority of them marry later on. Of troubles connubial, jars and di vorce, This, we believe, is the fruitfullest source; A man falls in love with a dimple or curl, 'Shen foolishly marries the entire girl. There was a man in our town And he was wondrous small, lie bought a big barometer And put it in the hall. And when the mercury went down Because of wind and rain, [Ie climbed on the umbrella stand And shoved it up again. If everybody on earth spoke the truth and nothing but the truth for twenty-four hours, we should find our selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution the world has ever known. Last week (writes "Gossip," of the "Stock and Station Journal") I had two schoolboys staying with me, who were on their way from Bedale's School, in Petersfleld, Hants, to Scot land. I took them to all the things we had time for, including the "White City," and the play of "Grumpy," at the New Theatre. They had the time | of their lives. We visited the Tower j of London, and they saw the "Traitor's > Gate," the site of the scaffold where people used to be shortened, the idle soldiers, the ancient "Beefeaters," and ail the armor and the guns and swords and crossbows, and weapons, of mur der. They were greatly interested, and when wo came out I said, "Now. boys, what interested you most about the Tower? What is the strongest im pression that you bring away from the old place?" The bigger and older of the two (nearly 15) said:—"Well, my strongest impression, after seeing all the armor and the weapons of war is that the people of those times were fools." Before I had time to express my views, the younger one said, "Well, we're bigger fools now." "Amen," said 1 to that, and then we talked! "Northerner" writes:—Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain which promises that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the | case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to tlie extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those dimes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons, are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti-' cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it.  WEATHER FORECASTING. . ' A MR. WRAGGE'S THIRD LECTURE: ' Mr. Clement \Vragge was certainly in a con genial element last night. When ho" lectured' before 'a largo 'audience In the Y;M.C.A.-hall on tho Science of weather forecasting. - Many people, In Queensland particularly, and 'in Australia generally, . have attributed 'miracu- lous powers to Mr. Wragge. He cortainly did forecast with astonishing .accuracy, the occur-, re'nee' of a 'succession of cycloulo ' storms In Queensland (which he named by the letters of the Greek alphahot, the moro notablo being "Mu," "Nu," and "Sigma," which, dospite his warnings, wrought considerable havoc on the' north-eastern Australian coast. Tho lecturer was, perhaps, a llttlo too discursive In his ex position, probably- swayed by the belief that hiB subject was a dry one and neodod the re lief of extraneous Illustration. The puroly selontlfic portion of the dlscourss, however, completely held hip audience, and Mr. Wraggo would bo well . advised in this locturo ot hlB series to give a straight-ahead, systematlsed account of his methods of charting the weather over tho continent, and placing the trimmings upon tho train. With certain more or less apropos excursions, ho explained that tho sys tem of weather forecasting consisted in col lecting and adjusting barometric data sent from observatories established at certain ap propriate stations throughout Australia at a definite hour, and constructing from these , nn lsobario' chart Indicating the locality of high and low pressure systems.: With- this chart before him tho meteorologist was nbio to pro- diet with reasonable acauracy, from an obser vation ,of barometrio pressure nnd atmospheric gradients determined by tho contiguity and rate of declining air pressuro, tho probable velo city and direction of tho wind, and tho likeli hood of storm and rain. Tho relativo posi tions of high and low pressuro (or, as they aro called, anti-cyclone and cyclone) systemB fur nished an almost infallible key to the secrots of future weather.- Mir. Wraggo will lecture at Parramatta on Tuesday evening, and at Granville on Wod- nosday, returning, to Sydnay for Friday . and Saturday. To-night, at the Y.M.O.A.-ball ho will give what Is described as the most imprea- slvo bf his series ot popular scientific:, lec tures, "The Flight of a SouL through Space.". The lecture will- be Illustrated by some . uniquo, photographs 'that havo never' yet "been shown-' Tho/plon,is at Elvy.'fc. . ...  "Examiner" Corr eponmdente.-On refer cnda day (Wednesday) our country cor respondents will not be required to wire the results of the vote. They can obtain details and forward them by post. Theosophical-Inst night at the lodge. rooms Mr. IV. IL Dawson, of IHobart, gave to a woe-attended meeting a lecture en titled "The Sceond Coming." The lectu rer reviewed briefly the previous mani festutions of the divine that were kanown to history. Band in the Parki.-l n the City Park last evening music-lovers were given a musical treat in the form of a concert by the Railway Band. The weather was rather chilly, baut nevertheless there was a good attendance. The band rendered u programme of high-class Items, which was most enjoyable. Police Court-Unimportant businessen.. gaged theo attention of Mr E. L. Hall, P.M., at the Police Court on Saturday morn. ing. Henry Ambler was fined 5s for the use of obscene language; and in the case of George Smith, charged with ex coeding the legal limit in driving over, a crossing, a caution wase administered. English Mails.-4-{lTe Orient Company's R.M.S..Osterley, with British files and let temrs to date March 25, arrived alt Adelaide at 8.30 a.m. on Sa6tairday. Thb mails for the eastern states were -rforwarded by' express tramin, and the Tasmanian portion may be expected to arrive here to-morrow by the Loongana. An"Obstiento Prisoner.-The police were confronted with a dificulty last evening in'regard to a man who was apprehended while on the premises of the T.R.C. Hotel. Enquiries as to his name and I is business in the hotel were of no avail. The stranger remained as dumb as an oyster. There was nothing for it, there fore, nut to place him in safe keeping until such time us he divulged the infor mation require. At the police station the manrt was charged with being on the premises of the T.R.C. Hotel for an un lawful purpose, and was then put away ill one of the cells for safe keeping. Visit of the Sheffield Choic.-All those interested in the great Sheffield Choir are invited to meet at the Town Hall at 7.30 p.?. to-day in order to urge upon Mr. lingo Gorlhtz the importance of in cluding 1aunccston in the scheme. Mr. Gorlite, who represents Dr. Charles lar riss, the director of the world's tour of this great organisation, will deliver a brief leture on the importance of this visit as regards the influence the choir's visit will have on music, trade, and im migration. As MrI. Gorlitz will have to cable Dr. IInrriss in Chicago, it is de sirable that a large number of ladies and gentlemen, nmgical and otherwise, should be -present at this meeting. Masonic.-The annual insLtllation.of af fices. in connection with Lodge Meander took place at Deloraine on Friday even. ing last. The ceremony was performed f by 3LW. Bra. R. J. Sadler, P.G.M., aeisat ed by. oflcers of the Grand Lodge. After the ceremony the usual social gathering ,took place, at which the customary Mas sonic toasts were honoured. 'lThe follow. ing oflkers were instlled:--W.M., Bro. P. J. Fleming; .P.M., Wor. Bro. L. CG. L Elliott; S.W., Bro. W. C. Atldins; JAV., Biro. 'V. Riley; Director of Ceremonies, Wor. Bro. -Jas. Seott, P.hL; Treasurer, c Wor. uiroe, I. if. Wragg, P.M.; Secretary, s Wor. l3ro. W. C. Cameron, ?.M.; S.D., Blro. c C. IIL Beresford; J.D., Bro. E. . Murrmy;. t I.G., Bro. E. T. Johnstone; Tyler, irae. A Galloway. Harvestb Festivals-IThe interior of St. Jolm's Church yesterday was be autifnlly n decoroted, the occasion being the aluual 'thanksgiving services in connection with f- the Intrveot festivaL The Rev. G. N. Watson preached in the morning, and con * duscted the service, insisted by the Rev., G. C. Raswlins. In. the evening the rector (Rev. J. S. Bryers) occupied the pulpit. Some very effective choral numbers were .rendered, the organ being supplemented by the addition of a-orchestra. The col loctions i a sid of the general church fund :C amounted to £35 18s. At St. Paula o Church the services in the morning, after s soon, and evening were conducted by the rector (Rev. J. W. Bethune). The con. gregatione throughout the day wore large, uand the collectdonein oevery , ag'g s .tiz B-alfour -railway.-Our Stanley cores--, -rondfent wired yesterday:-The Go-4' vernm r and Acting -Eremier luar ' acoolrced a invitation to be perýoent ats the opening cernmony of the Balfour? Rlaviway 'on May d. HIis E~ifllency, who tjll turn the girubsod, will motor from linrrie, arriving here a 1o.30, u ana l will r1eemin for the night, retuning to ýto Burnic mnet morning. Arrangements tree are -being maa.de for a big public demon- ?er sitrotion and proe?ssion of school chil dren. Several Farliaaunoetary represen tativ-es have alrceady accopted invitations,. .an and e nl infeenltial -party is expect-Led re- to presenting the Mount Balfour Copper?- pr Mines Company, Melbourne. Racecourse Accidents.--A -couple,-of -?ae cident., neetssita?ting surgical attention,? I occurred at M3owbray on Saturday dnl,-o ing the progress of the T.T.C. Easter .neecting. Duggan, who a few days ple "viously suffered from slight concussuion, 1 through a fall at Deloreine, came into. contact with some barbed wire owing to0 O Lis amount, Teddy Father, becoming un. manageable in the Maiden IHurdle Race, and received a had scratching about thi -face. A boy named Bruce, uttached to: D. Virtue's stable, met with painful in juries in the Autuumn IHadicep. War .song was restive at the barrier, anr kicked Bruce on the leg; but, ap:trt from se, feeling a numbness, the lad felt right, and participated in the race. it was not, Showever, until rhe comenceld to ride his :mount in the finish that he met trouble on account of putting his weight on the, injured limb, and a full resulted. It was found on examination that lshd bone of the by leg had been broken, and the theory was aO advanced by the surgeon that apparently be the bhone, although broken, had not parted vc until the boy bad put his weight upon it of ,There were a couple of other-falls,,but no Ci injury was ststnincd. Iomsneopatlhic Hospital. - The usual nmonthly meeting of the board: of mSnage-nC meat of the Homeopaihic flospital was held on Friday evening. Present-Mr.s Henry 12itchie (in -the lhair), Mrs. John s Guna, Dr. B. Douglas Slmib, M?asr. P P t t Oakley. Fysh, J. 1I. Taylor, O '. MWigaen, and F. Styant Browne. Apologies were. received from Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Bell, Mrs. 8tyant Browne, and Mr. W. Mosey, The matron's report showed that 12 pa tients had been admitted, 20 discharged, and 7 remained- is the hospital. Donations and fees 'to the e?mount of £.71 1s Gd hadt been received, and.aecounats amounting to o £64 Bs 5d were passed for payment. Tnhe following donations are thankfully ac lcnowledged:--Mr. ?. It. -orn, £1; Mr. J. T. Wing (Preaton), 10s; case-of apples, D Miss Barrett (IKunoola) and Mr. Bonner (SIottsdale) ;case of quinees,iter. Ricaln d C Smith.; fish and r?bits, Mr. Milbourn.e (Kirnerloy); pickles, Mrs. Murray; vege- tables, .r. Pearton, iMrs. Lee; old linen, i irs. Day; caskes, "Old lPatient,' "S.GP '; 'tomatoes, Mrs. Wigan; flowers, hliss l?amb; vegetables, "A Friend?'; jna', "Old , IPatient"; preserves, "'rienad'; eggs, "Old i Patient"; flowers, "Friend"; "Examiner' "Telegraph," "Mercury," "Oourier," "WVar Cry;' "W\Vtchmnan," "Monitor;' the pro- I S-prietors; "Rlustrated London News,;' and -magazinca, Mr. H. Ritehie. The Week's Weather.---The synopsis oa t Sthe weather for the week ending Saturday indicates that anti-cyclonic weather pre. 1 -'ailed during the early part of the week, with clear skies and heavy dew at many stations, nbu .on Monoday a slight depres sion appeared with warmer temperatures I in the south, and very light to moderate rain fell generally, Zeehan receiving the maximu?m-52 points. This "low" passed away rapidly w-itlh west to son.th-west t winds, and another "high" advanced,. The barometer did not rise so leigh this time, and fell again on Friday, as another de e prestion appeared with northerly winds. This caused moderate rain in the west, and heavier in the north, but only a very few Spoints in the south, east, and midlands, though cloudy skies and cooler tempera tures prevailed. The maxhnum fall was 68 points at iDevonport. The temperature SwIas cool and pleasant, the maximum atr a Ilobarat varyihg from 07 degrees on the Y 17th to 67 degreeo on the 18th, with a minimum of 45 degrees on the 11th and 20th; and at Launceston, from 60 degrees don Ithe 11th to 62 degrees on the 21st, wvitlb a miinmum of 36 degrees on the 19th. The rainfall for the week -was as follows: Nontdhern--Stanley, 13; Irish Town, 22; I Burnie, 71; Devonport, 68; Launcestcon, 74; Beaconsfield, 45; Low Head, 29; Scottsdale, 73; Sheffield, 7. West Coast- ' Waratab, 84; Zeohan, 156; Cape Sorell, a 149. Derwent--Hnamnilton, 1, East Coast S-liBoobyalla, 1; dldystone, 22; Ringa. a ooma, 77;- Gould's Country, 18; St. Helen's, 13; Mathimnna, 26; St . Mary's, 20; ,' Swansea, - . AMidlands - Oatlands, 17. t. South-East-iElobart, 5; Springs, 25;. loke. ,e by, 4; Ilyihe, 8; South Brudty, 23; Port yr Cygnat, 12.points. y Loyal Orange lestitt?iocn.--The 20th an. in uIral meeting of thle Loyal Orange Institu te tion of Tasmania was held in the lodge room, Town Hfall, Devonport. R.W.G. Mas. te Cte rro. G. It. Simmons, presided, the offi cers pIesent being Bros. W. Hallam, D.G. d Mbaster J.B. Burge, LP.G. Master J. Piper, C. G. Chaplain; R. Scott, G. Secretary; A. 4 Cartledge, G. Treasurer; F. Davis, G.E. iL. Committee; and other Grand Lodge or. r flcers and a large number of delegates . of the subordinate lodges from all parts ,, of the state. At 0.15 the lodge was . called to order and opened withl prayer an by the G. Chaplain, irr accordance with the he rules of the instutution. -The Grand Mai. St-er's address was , powerful utterance, gand was listened to with the deepest 't tentidoi and frequent applause. It con cludedd withl' an earnest appeal for 50 unity, co-oporation, and enthusiasm. iZ The Grand Secretary was received with at cordiality on rising to present his interim on report, w~hic proved very, satisfactory., n- The Grand 'Teasurer submnitted Ihis report Ir. and balance-sheet, which showed Gist the r- institution was in a moat satisfautory p o of sithon. The Grand Lodge adjourned at . 12.30 for lunclheo at the Peoplle's Palace, us resuning basinens at 2 p.e., -lhen "i great r'5 amount of importat matter wa-s hundleeL m- The proceedings, which were of a most to oncouraging character throughout, were le- closed with the usual formalities. Sle tohe evening a banquet ewas given by d the brothlers of the Loyac Devon Lodge, who de.-erve great credi~t for the manmer 4- in wlhich it uwaM carried out. Many loyal er toensts and songs were rendered by the . brotlhers, sisters, and friends, and a very Spleasant meeting was terminated withbl-t?e ,t National. Anthem. ng ThatW:. edding or .Birthdny: Gilft--nc.ol tL- e most importanrrt fe-atures of our stere " is the supcrb' display of silverware and ro. jewellery. W9 have on hand the largest G. and most varied assortment imaglnable; V., and compared piece by piece, set by set, eos, or beauty of design and quality, a.lto or, gother In unequlcled in Tasmania Call ry, an ingleet a perfect assortment at mode ,o rate rices.--Fi . and W. Stewart, 119 y Chaeles-strect, Latmeeston. 'Phone, 52?.* A Fishing nadf.er garden hose, hose f?or water or steai, engine packings, etc. India Rt.uliber Co., CGorge-street, Land St ceston.* y Trinity T-ong Meatn's Club.--Theis Evon uel ing theo anmual meeting of Trellty Y.TL ith Club wil. be held in'the club-room, Trinity N. Iall, Carmeron-stree, at 8 o'clocl. Fel on- lowing the meeting a Welome banquet v. will be given -to tho club prosident (Rev. o .I , . Barraey), on ens return fromn hils trip st. Soeieoty of St. Vincent do Pa.ut--f¶te ?re '?rc aident aeknowledges swlth ?tanlks the-xe td capt of 10s 6td froam Mr. li. GriflfiL cr col- ·the Very Reva. Dr. O'M1IFhony. nd ate lia Or.atti.-fIntcnding ex?hibeitoem.t u1 ltOhe forthoming -Ats nad Cxtal.t Exrlbi ter- tion are renmindleld dit oetrietraree duoto-t the oday. ge, ?uather successful flights tbt heens i,?n- -sno by d. .aa..... .......agro.. -3-------  Town and CountryK | NOTE.-AU commrajoitlona inten-« Oed for this column will have to he «ccampatiied hy thc Hame and ad- dress of the sender. -Let your toilet soap be Violet Oatmeal. It's a pure sonp free from excess of soda or fat-9d cak,?, 2/ , box. Kelly. Chemist., * -Mr. S. K. page is spending a iew days at Double Island ,polni. -Mr. F. Thompson, . returned t0 Port Douglas yesterday ba the Mourilyan. ? ' -Miss Beatrice Holloway is pay- ing a visit to Double Island ipoint. -The Premier, Hr. I>. F. Denham, passes through by the Suva this morning for Cooktown, returning to- morrow night and proceeding on to Townsville, -Nothing harmful in it' pleasant to tate ; the children like it. I've sold a lot of it and will sell a lot more, its so good. Pine Tar Cough SyçuH VG bottle. Collins, in Lake St., Cnemist (by exam.) -Mr. R. 'A. Hay arrived from)'Mel- bourne jnsterday to join the mechanical staff of the "Post" as paper. ruler. -Mrs. J. Earl returned yesterday, from the south by the Mourilyan. -Mr. P. J. McDermott, Chillagoe, ?was a visitor to town 0q Sunday for the funeral of the late Mr. Munro. -As soon as word came through that the strike was declared ofT, rush was made for Ililluian's shop for now suits of thc very latest pat- tern^ and prices to snit the times. Hillman's, the home of good tnilor : taft. Abbott Street. Cairns. * . ... ->*ursè- .Rr%:~'TWb^Â^iveïi" from the south by the Mourilyan yesterday to take np the position matron of the Cairns Hospital. -Mrs. E. Helmnn arrived from thc. south yesterday. -Mr. J. G, Anderson, representing Warren's famous teas, returned yes- terday from n visit to the Ingham and Johnstone River districts, and_ leaves this morning for Port Doug -Doherty and Co. for Mineral Wntero «nd Cordials Double Soda and Horehound a speciality. Sachs street. Cairns.* -Mr. D. R. Dodds, who tas been on holidaji, has resumed his posi- tion as ? third officer of the Marloo. -Mr. and Mrs. R. C. F. Gelling I returned last evening froïa a visit | to Double Island Point. -Mr. John Mann -will address tho Cairns electors in the Shire Hall [ this evening, and he issues a cor- dial invitation" to ladies to. be pre- sent' -It's worth while using Electric Nursery Hair Wash occasionally. It strengthens and keeps the children'r heads clean-1/ .bottle. Kelly, Chem- ist.» The "Tableland .Examiner" last week apologised for literary short ïvnings on account of the Illness of the editor, Mr. Collinson. It is to he' hoped the necessity for a repe tion will be obviated by his rest0raf tion to health. -Yesterday, (Easter Monday) was observed as a close holiday in town. There were several picnic par tics to various localities, and 300 excursionists visited Port Douglas in the Mourilyan. -Two hundred remnants of Lino- leum, we would like to have but as there ia only a limited! number, get along to A. .T. Draper's "as soon as you can for the bargains will quick- ip sell.» - -The steamer Mataram, en route to Singapore, arrived at the an- chorage yesterday, afternoon. Tho vessel shipped a quantity of ore at this port and was expected to resume her voyage nortjh at an i early hour this morning: j -The Marloo leaves lor southern] Ports to-morrow at 5 p.m. j -" Our Jack.*'-Look .. for . tbi" j brand on Coffee Essence, Ccrry S i-'owder. Pure Pepper, Hot Punch, ¡j .Telly Crystals. Soup and ? Gravji ' Essence, Baking Powder, etc, etc. They are perfect.* -Mails for the south by the Mar- loo to-morrow close for packets aril newspapers at 2.45 p.m., ordinary letters at 3.45 p.m., and late iee letters . at 4 p.m. The southern mail bji the Suva tq-morrow closes at 7.45 P-mï -5fr. Andrew McLadfian, for. manjV years a. highlji respected miner ot I Eidsvold, and father ot Mt. veter ilftLachlàn, M.L.A., diedi in Brisbane a ow dnys ago, aged 79 years. j ' -^fr. Clement iL. Wragge .vrites from Chiltern (Vic,), under date ,of 1 March 29 : -'Just alfow rúe o say, in simple justice, that if the central weather bureau in Brisbane had \)cen in existence-the annual vote for which did not exceed £1000 ur an- num- three daysj warning at least would have been given of tho re- cent cyclone off the north-west coast bf Australia. -Remnants of linoleum are now hoing sold at A. J. Draper's Curni [ lure warehouse. Be an early bird and get away with a choice bar- gain.» -Mr. John MacKiehan. formerly the manager of the Union Trusten Company^ and previously a well known grazier, died in Malvern (Melbourne) a few days ago. Tne deceased, who -was 73 years of age, had been connected with the com- pany! since its inception. His wife predeceased him some years ago and he leaves three daughters and two sons. -The Hon. R. Philp left by. tho Demosthenes from Fremantle on his way to the Old Country. -Mosquitoes are still rampant and Craig's "Skeeto-3ane" is in greater j request than ever. Gives sure pro- tection from the sinful pests. 1/ boitles. Tosted 1/3. Robert Craig Chemist,-* -Mr. R. 'Stewart, manager ofR0ss» River meatworks, left Townsville by the Grantala on Thursday for Bris- bane, where he will assist in. ? tho direction of the company's operar tions at headquarters during the absence of Hon. R. Philp. . -It isn't sticky. You can úse on jour hands and draw '. on. ' your ']"tlcû~arr^?ôi "irectOc ~-Sit' gooO al- together for the skin. "Thora:" Freckle Cream, 1/6 pot. Collins, in T.ake Srreet, Chemist (by exam- ination).* . . The Government Statistician cives the population of the Tinaroo Shire district (including part of Eacham Slhire at the time included m. Tin- aroo) at 3rd April, 1911 :. Males. 2092, females 1152 ; total 3214.. -For aching heads, rheumatism, and neuralgia there is no remedy like tîie "Mulgrave Headache Cure," lt. cures quickly and surely, con- tains no opiate or injurious drug, and should be in every, home. 2/6'.a bottle. 3/ posted. Sole" proprietor, Robert, Craig, Chemist.* -Over SO tons of tin concentrates were shipped from Herberton last week, being the product of local mines. Thursday's train conveyed 45 tons of tin, the result of a fine crushing of the Rainbow mine, valued at £6650. -Mr. J. Hooper, Cairns, was yes- terday married to Miss Lily Walton, in St. Alban'sChurfh of England, by the Rev. H. Wooilger (says the "Tohnstoni; River Advocate" of the 4th instant. The wfdding presents were numerous, -lust landed another supply .of Bishop's Citrate of Magnesia-in large bott'es orj? shiHin-i each. Cit- rate of Magnesia is on? of the most, valuable of rooVng m"Uirinis. and being very pleasant to take, is es- pecially nriapte'd for the young folk. Robert Craig. Chemist.* -The steamer Palmer arrives to da.v&lt; en route to Part T>ou^.las, hav- ing temporarily replaced the Ku- randa.  INNISFAK. NOTES. I JFor tie "N. Q. Register.") INNI0FAIL, January 27. General. | La at week weather conditions were very much disturbed, On the Thursday and Friday we had very heavy rains, but not sufficiently to cause much alarm, Jsiit on the second day our river came down with very great force, in dicating that a large amount of rain had fallen in the Hinterland. In con sequence residents generally were very much afraid that they were going to have a repetition of the big January 3pod pf last year. However, on Satur ay morning, we noticed that the fresh had exhausted itself, and th&£ the river presented its normal appearance. The big rush of waters affected the North Johnstone branch, with the re sult that four or Ave spans of the bridge from Goondl to Darajl were car ried away. This bridge was erected by the C.8.R. Company tor the purpose of getting cane over from the Daraji side, and to renew same will mean a big expenditure by the company. The s.8. Muriel was tied up at the Goondl sugar wharf, but when the fresh came down it was so strong that it carried away all her lines, and Captain Campbell decided to proceed down the river and make a* aeehorage near Banana Island. On Friday, Battird&y and Sunday the flood waters were over the Goondi wharf. Owing to their sub. sidence, the Muriel was enabled to load a full cargo of sugar from Goondi Mill, and leaves to-night with same for Cairns for transhipment to Bris bane. The Tully arrived from Townsvllle this morning, .and the captain advises 1 that he experienced very stormy wea ther on his trip up. The consistent Lass oKJowrle, which usually puts in an appearance at daylight on Sunday, did not arrive tmtil after 9 a.m. For the next two months we must expect disturbed weather conditions, aad it is pleasing to note that the Townsvllle people are raking efforts to secure the services of Mr C. L. Wragge as meteo rologist. At present we are like the man who locked his stable door after the horse was stolen. What we want is forewarning, and as far as our com munity is concerned, greater confidence would be felt if we knew that Mr Wragge was watching the vagaries of the elements, and would give us timely notice of any cyclonic or flood visi tations, thus enabling us to make pro-1 vision to protect ourselves. i This really Is a matter for the Fede I ral Government, but our experiences In I North Queensland are no matter which | party is In power we get no consldera | tlon whatever, and all we have to do is pay our taxes and grin and bear it. | At a special meeting of the Johnstone Shire Council, Mr C. E. M. Qr&ham was elected Chairman until the.. first meeting of the new Council. Mr.Gra-, ham has ptaved himself a first rate representative, and no doubt at the meeting of the new Council he will be selected for the ensuing year. On Friday next, SOth Inst, a general meeting of subscribers to the School of Arts will take place; It Is to be hoped there will be a good roll up. The elec tion of ofifcers and the financial state ment win be dealt with. I On Wednesday last Mr Bert Jones 'met with a.very painful accident; be | was driving his delivery van along Rankin-street; the cart was heavily loaded with short wood, and on top of. it was a bag of maize. Owing to the1 cart getting into a rut the bag moved, and endeavoring to secure it, Jones fell from the cart, with the result that he sustained a fracture of the arm above the wrist. Dr. Willis attended to the injury, and now Jones is on a fair way to recovery. | What might have resulted in a ser ious accident, but fortunately owing to ' Driver Woolf getting his engine under control, was presented. This par ticular night the train was rather late, and for some unexplained reason the points near Howard Smith's wharf were open, with the consequence that instead of the engine running on the main line past Chapman's sawmill, it i was diverted into Howard Smiths Com Mfty'fi shed, with the Tesult that half the building was pulled, down. As it happened on this particular night,; there were an unusual number cf children and lady passengers. They experienoed a severe shock, but for-1 tunately no one was injured. The anhual meeting of the subscri bers to the Innlsfail Hospital took place last week. The newly elected secretary, ; Mr M. J. Nolan, explained he could not give a proper statement of affairs, as be had very few documents to guide him: he really bad to' rely on the bank book. At the beginning of last year the Hospital, according to his figures, had a credit of £122, and during the year £1461 6s was received; this left a credit balan'ce at the end of the year of £120 17s 4&lt;L It was shown at the meeting at that date tho Hospital was in credit to the extent of 1286 16s lOd; this can hardly be correct, as it is generally understood that the hospital funds are on the other side of the ledger. However, as Messrs. King and Job are being appointed as auditors, they no doubt will go into matters and get a balance-sheet issueS. At the meeting, Mr L' J. Duffy was elected vice-president; Mr It. G. Dalryniple, treasurer; and Messrs J. A. Mensles, H. Parry, T. Carey, C. E. M. Graham, W. J. Gilbert, and J. H. Payne. Ow ing to a technicality, the chairman ruled that Mr Frank Shaw's nomlna-: tlon as chairman was informal, like wise the nominations of Messrs Mc Donald, Stephens, and Reid as com mitteemen. It was Interesting to no tice that subscribers are taking an interest In hospital affairs. It is, how ever, to be deplored that elections should be carried out on a party or, political basis; the whole of the com munity should be unanimous In work ing for the welfare of this fine Instl-; tutlon. When, however, banking com panies and other firms who have con- ( tlfiually subscribed to hospital funds are debarred from any voting power . by their representatives it may tend to prevent them subscribing In the future. { Mrs E. Barclay left last week on a holiday trip in the North. > | r,^; J^°t|tf tt|>B0.w- "tat""* on wepvrcmeqcn Business. ,« H**FranJc&lt; Arrtrftrong left feife'Thurs d&y for Townsvllle. Mjp E, Barclay, representative of the Goondl Cane Growers, leaves for Cairns | to-morrow to attend a Sugar Growers' Conference. Mr W. Beckett (Ingham), Is visit* lng Innlsfail. Miss Garbutt, Townsvllle, Is visiting Innlsfail, and is the guest of her bro ther, Mr Bert Garbutt. Mrs Pearce (Goondl), has returned after spending some time in Towns vllle. Mr O. Randall arrived to-day from Townsvllle. I Mrs Frank Armstrong arrived to-day after spending three motiths ih >Syd- 1 | ney. Mr Armstrong went to Townsvllle to meet her. Masters W. Shaw and A. Stltt leave on Thursday for South to attend school*  Primeval Earth (To the editor of the Horsham Times.) Sir,-The anticyclones and cyclones are governed by eternal law and order like other manifestations in an endless universe; and by their interaction and mutual interdependence we get rain and sunshine, calms and gales in accordanee with the action of minor laws and effects in relation to latitude and physical geography. Does Mr. Lawson, who is an aggregation of corpuscular mites crystallised into dense corporeal form like the rest of usin an all pervading ethereal ocean, really mean to say that if he prays to the Most High, asking Him to change for his (Mr. Lawson's) benefit the contouring of the barometric gra dients so as to produce rain when his neighbor that he should love as him self wants fine weather for washing day his prayer will be answered? It is high time that Mr. Lawson — and my best salaams to him — got a higher conception of that Eternal Energy Whom men call God. Let him pray for enlightenment and Divine wisdom. As to Faith, I ask him point blank to answer for the public benefit, directly and without evasion, each of the following questions: (1) What have you to say from your point of view about the human skull lately found in Correze, France, dating back 300,000 years, and of the other skull just discovered in Spain going back to 600,000 years, which were pictured and specially referred to in the Illustrated London News ? And do you think that the geologists and anthropologists of Europe are all fools ? (2) How do you account for the discovery of the remains of tropical flora and fauna by Commander Peary near the North Pole, and of coal mea- sures by Sir Ernest Shachleton near the South Pole ? (3) What was the origin of the gig- antic statues in human form, some of which are 36 feet high, and of the marvellous script to b found in Eas ter Island? (1t) What is the history of .Easter Island, and by what, means were it and Tierra Del Fuego first inhabited ? (5) What have you to say about the ancient sacred books of the East — far more ancient than the Bible. (6) Do you believe that Samuel hewed Agag in pieces acting on the direct command of the Most High; or the Infinite Dynamo of an Eternal Cosmos'? . (7) Do you believe that all men — Mohamedans, Hindus — and all the rest — except Christians of the Elect, what ever that may mean, are, or were in danger of EVERLASTING damnation because a poor, frail woman some 6000 years ago is alleged to have eaten an apple. (8) Who was Moses, and what of his credentials for a accuracy and up-to date journalism? Now, Faith, my dear fellow — and my love to you — answer these questions straightforwardly, clear the ground once and for all, and don't needlessly occupy space in a valuable paper — Yours, etc, CLEMENT L WRAGGE  The Climate and Weather of Australia, By Olement Wraggo, &e« (Re-produced by permission to Mr. Wragge from the Sydney Mail.) Article No. 8. In this article— the third of the series— the writer deals with the sub ject of forecasting in a very comprehensive, practical way, explaining exactly how the Chief of the Weather Bureau arrives at his daily coo- I elusions. He also deals with the causes of cyclones and anticyclones, ) and their effect on local weather, and explains what different winds i i mean in the various .quadrants into which Australia Is divided. The flr.it word in jta tch-gram is a cypher of on? s Vila tie conveyins the reading of the lii'js thermometer nxed to the barometer, familiarly known as the attached thcrmomatc-r. ow, l-efore anything can be dbne m the mat'er f|f onliuary forecasting, the reading of every oflicial baro- meter ttirojgho it the Commonwealth must be Compared with all the otliers sine by side — the barometer at tfiiurs- 03y Island, in fact, with that at Ho- hart. As holies expand by heat aid contract by cold, the .liaroinetor itself rorms no exception, and the instru ment 'at Thursday Island would be afleeted by the heat of the Tropic.,, .fee attached thermometers give the temperatures of the very barometers themselves, and enable every one cf tliem tbrougho it the eniirs service to le reduced by a sublructive correc tion to the standard temperature of 32aeg. J?, or 0 centigrade. Such re- cuction is the first operation (Readers will understand that we are instruct ing them rin the art of weather fore casting, and' phowing fheui step by- step Tiow the operations of the Head Weather Bureau are conducted,) But this aoes not renier possible a com plete comparison, because all the ba rometers cannot be at the same height above the sea, and because pressure decreases by 0.095 inch for every hun dred feet of .altitude above sea or thereatoute, since as altitude is in creased so much atmosphere is left, bohind which the barometer cannot measure. Hence it is imperative to knowi the 'height of every barometer in the country above mean sea eveL then an additive correction is ap plied1 to the barometric reading al ready reduced to 322 F„ and' it is possible to compare the indications of every barometer side by side throughout "the Whole extern of Aus tralia. If data can be acquired from New, Zealand; the Pacific Islands, Ma laya, and South Africa, and also from ships by wireless, so much the better, for the larger the field! of view the more accurate ought ,to be the fore- caste. Thus it must always be re membered that before anything can be- done re ordinary weatiier fore casting on a national scats every ba rometer in .the organisation must first be 'reduced by a subtractive correc tion to 32dieg. Fahrenheit, and next by 'an additive correction to mean sea level. Then add only then can the .Uhief complacently take his seat, light his pipe, and survey the condi tions. blank chart of Australasia is plareii before him, yet having there on dearly marked the positions of the observing stations. He ea'l3 his computing clerk, who brings in a bundle of telegrams. "Look here," says he, "'are yoa quite sure that every barometric reading has been faithfully red-iced and corrections applied for inc. ex error?" "Yes, sir," —Simple though those reductions ar3, have you gone over each one twice or Ihrice to avoid any possioilitv of error?" "Quite sure, sir," is the answer, CYCLONES AND ANTICYCLONES. _ Then the Chief's daily responsibi lity begins. On the chart against every station he enters the reduced barome tric reading. This done, he takes a blue chalk .pencil .and1 proceeds to join those places or 'regions where the ba rometer reads alike by lines, which are called isobars, or lines of eoual pressure. These by labels 'to tenths of an inch. He must use the .keenest judgment, and watch the arrows indi cating tne winds, which have als> been plotted; applying, as the pencil trails its way, the standard law for the Southern Hemisphere, which to thus formulated: "Stand as with your back to the wind; and the barome ter is lower on the right 'hand1 than on the left." Tho trailug pencil nowi gradually. indicates the localities of the antic vclones and e.vclones respective ly. Positives and negatives, plusftad minus, pervade the universe, and the atmospheric waves form no excep tion. The anticyclones feeds the cy clone, and vice versa. ANTICY CLONES ARE MAINTAINED BY A DOWNFLOW AND OUTFLOW OF COLD AIR FROM THE UPPER RE GIONS OF THE ATMOSPHERE, AND CYCLONES BY AN -UPFLOW, AND INFLOW OF WARMER AND MORE RAUCFUL AIR. The winds around anticyclonic circulate m the opposite cirection to the hands of a watch, and' around cyclones in the same di rection as clock hqnds. In the North ern Hemisphere the circuiatiovs and laws are reversed. The two Bys- tems are often more or less circular, in shape, but anticyefoues may take the form of a long ellipse, and' cy clones assume V-shapes, either erect or inverted. Particularly is . the V- shaped cyclonic depression .in evidence in Australia, and, in' fact, in the Southern Hemisphere generally south from the parallel' of 8 degrees. The mousoonal disturbances which particu cUlariy influence this country dufviig tho warmer months -are more or less erect- tongue-like Vs, . and' are extensions southwards from the equatorial zone of low. pressure, and' .the Antarctic low nressnre disturbances take the form of inverted ' Vs, and- are extensions, from- the South" Polar belt of low pres sure. ' WEATHER CHANGES. Remembering what 'has ' been said about the main disturbances travel ling from westward towards the east, ana the circulation of the winds and shapes ' of the disturbances, '.it is at onee ' clear that ON EVERY SIDE OF ANY GIVEN DISTURBANCE, WHE THER HIGH OR LOW, THS WIND WILL BE DIFFERENT, 'AND A CHANGE OF WIND MEANS CHANGE OF WEATHER. But in discussing what approaching, wind changes really , mean the Chief in his chair, with the iso- baric .'chart now filled in 'and com plete before him, as ho next -proceeds to. iseue the dhily forecasts must loy ally adhere ' to hveiy - article of ins "profession "of faith." The meteoro logist has his creed; -as also the re ligionist, . and a very practical ono it is. It is enunciated as folio we: I BELIEVE IN LATtTGDE, LONGI TUDE, ALTITUDE, ' PHYSlQGRAPHI- CAL FEATURES. AND THE DIUR NAL RANGE OF THE BAROMETER, AMEN;' and1 firet I believe in latitude. Now", it is a fact that the barometen respond!® to such and sicli jvjiris depending on the latit-idc of the place where the instrument is, and thus it is evident that the words so often seen on barometer dials, "rain, change, fair, very dry," are utterly mislead ing and worthless in 'many localities. But let us return to the completed! weather chart and the Chief in his sanctum. Subsidiary loops or twists may appear in tne isobars, and' everV loop, every line, has its meaning. In fact, the completed: chart is .like an intricate piece of music, which can easily bo rendtied and interpreted by an accomplished! hand. .WELL MAY WE SPEAK CF "THE MUSIO OF THE ISOBARS. ' At limes and in places the isobaric contouring is wide apart, in others close together, mean ing easy or steep barometric gradients respectively, and the steeper the gra dient tho stronger will be the wind, as the steeper the hill with greater force will water flow, down it. Recol lecting all that has been said, the Chief's daily responsibility how cen tres in ; the issue of the forecasts, and the keenest faculties of judgment and correct diagnosis must be employed, exactly as an experienced physician diagnoses a case. Useless the instru ments, useless the chart, useless every thing if these vital faculties are lack ing. There are meteorologists and me teorologists, physician, .and puyrituans. and the man who cannot uiscern the real meaning of an isobar and is un-. able to read between the Jines is bound to .make a bpugle, and his forecast will fail. In formulating the forecast for any part of Australia, latitude and .physical geography most particularly must be considered. A few instances will convey what we mean:— A NORTH-EASTERLY .WIND ON THE QUEENSLAND COAST, WEST FROM THE EAST COAST RANGES, AND IN THE INTERIOR AND CN THE SOUTH COAST OF AUSTRALIA MEANS DIFFERENT |SETS OF CONDITIONS ALTOGETHER, and ..the same may be said t>f the other winds with regard to other parte. For a discission of winds wnicn de pend on tne too oars, and what they mean, vie may summarily divide Aus tralia imp four parts, by lines cros sing at right angles, say, at Alice Springs, and these must be again sub divided into i coastal and continental. .WHAT THE .WINDS MEAN. Following is a summary ..in outline —and there are many mdlifieations and exceptions depending on -seasons and! "the different degrees of anticy- clonic iiand1 cyclonic energy,— of what the .wind! mean in the quadrants or regions just indicated North-eastern quadrant, embracing Queensland1 —The barometer in this qua drant being mainly tropical is but little guide, save when -it falls half a tenth in .half an hour, when it is a .sure warning of a dangerous storm. N, NE„ E, and SE winds mean in creased humidity iu all disrrict? ne-ir the sea, the coast of Carpentaria ex cepted, where NE, N, and NW. are mainly damp, and temperature will increase or decrease with respect to the latitudes whence tb.e wiids blow. Removed from -the sea alt winds will be much drier, W to S especially bo, except northeriies under an engrgetio 'monsoonaf disturbance, because coast hills and tracts will, to a huge ex tent, absorb the moisture. South-eastern quadrant, -embracing Southern Queensland, Newi Soata Wales, Victoria, 'and part of itoyt'i ^Austra lia. — Barometers generally fall under Winds between E, N, and M and rise for J5E to SW. winds. ' A failing ba rometer in south Queensland in winter often means clear westerly weather, NE to HE will be damp in east coast parts, and SE to .W damp oa the so itb coast; but N to N.Wi will be dry in fhose districts and very hot in summer and! cold in winter. Inland, again, as in the other case, all winds will carry less moisture, and NE, N, and1 NWi wfil be very dry. bordering fit. Vincent's Gulf- In Tasmania, be ing insular, conditions will be accen tuated1 or modified, depending on prox imity to fhe coasts and' influence of the Tiers. South-western quadrant, embracing western South Australia and the south ern half of Western Australia.— Baro meters behave generally as in the last case, "except that westerly winds near the coast are dirty and often wet un der a falling barometer. All winds, between W. and! SE will be damp bor dering the coast, and NW. also damp on the Western Australian littoral, whereas northeriies to easterlies will be .very dry, exactly the reverse of conditions in coastal Queensland. In land1 in this division northeriies to easterlies will be especially irv, and the latter particularly cold! in win ter- and! the moisture of the other winds will be much lessened. . North-western quadrant, embracing northern WestraUa, and! a large part of the Territory— Barometers be- hava generally the same as in the north-eastern qqadrant, being tropieal- Bcnleriog the coast -all winds between Nil, NW, and: STO will ha more or less diamp, -and those between S, SE, and: E will be dry, while inland all wiadfe .will bo dry, except under ener getic monsoonal distaroances. Now, these are first principles depending on latrude and .topography, and wo repeat that there, are exceptions depending on barometric gradients and lie sea sonal pontooving of the isobars, end' what has been said about the winos must he considered "also with refer- ence. to the climatic zones. TO make oar meaning - -still clearer: Take the case of a circular anticyclone coming frori the Indian Ocean. The wind -will bs E on the north side, NE on the on the south-west, W on the ' south, north-west side, N on the west, NW SW. on the sontb-east, S on the east, 'and! SE on the 'north-cast sides respec tively, and as the currents sweep round1 cyclones in the opposite way conditions with respect to .ernoiilir fow pressure systems are reversed!. iWitn an qye like an eagle's and percep tion sharpen than ..p two-edged feword the boss meteorologist, knowing his 'bu siness can forecast all these renditions and! .what each implies; he can locate rainfall, 'advise the Squatter, warn shipping of daugero is gales, ani pre- dict all phenomena resulting from the passage of certain, isobars, and! he should! be accurate, as .we 'have said, to at least 95 per cent, for austra lian forecasting is ry no means Difficult when one KNOWS HOW. TO DO JT. Now, is not the whole story fascinating in the extreme, although it involves tremen dous responsibilities in an official ca pacity ? .  CURETN TOPICS. " Y~i ii $. Trackless Tram System. Alderman Williams informed the Ho- t bart City Council on *?tuesday evening t that arrangements had been made with the representative of the BMercedes-Stoll system of trackless trams for a cinema- I tograph demonstration of what the sys- t tem was. and what it did, to be given on April 2. > T'lce Referendum Pamphlet. It appears that the officials of the Liberal League in Hobart discovered that local Labour members of Parliament had in their possession copies of the officially. prepared pamphlet dealing with the pros and cons of the referendum proposals. They thereupon telegraphed as follows to the Prime Minister (Mr. Fisher):-"Sur prised copies referenda pamphlet forward. ed Labour members. When and where can we obtain them?" Pea l?ille Accident. A further addition to the list of pea rifle accidents has been reported. The i victirti was a lad named Clarence Chas. French, residing with his parents at Bridgenorth. No particulars are avail able with regard to the accident, which it is understood happened a couple of days: ago. The lad was yesterday ad mitted to the General Hospital for treat. ment, and an examination disclosed that the bullet had lodged in the left thigh. The patient's condition is'not serious. . Municipal Employees. A meeting of the Municipal IEmployees' Association was held last evening at the f/orlunen's Club to consider the letter appearing in Tuesday's "Lxaminer" over the signature of "llatepayer," in which the writer said loafing was prevalent, and complaining of the absence of cor poration supervision. luclh indignation was expressed at what the members term. cd "an extravagant and -untruthf.ul statement." 'A resolution was carried inviting the fullest enquiry, and chal lenging the writer to prove his charge. As will be seen by a letter in the coire spondence column, "Ratepayer" with. draws the whole of his remarks. This Week's "Courier" Ready. The "Courier" was published yesterday afternoon, a day earlier than usual. Ear. lier publication was necessary in order to catch tie Easter mails, and so ensure speedy delivery. The number cmbraa.s a number of exceptionally fine scenic ph. tures, chiefly illustrating north-western localities.. The Launceston Church Grammar School sports furnisih material for several illustrations. There are pic tures illustrative of the championship races on the Tamar, a group photograph of the waterside workers' tug-of-war team,.scenes at St. Patrick's Day sports, Hobart, and at the Lindisfarne regatta. The recent train smash in High-street, Launceston, is shown. There are many other pictures, illustrating up-to-date events. 'Ahniversary Service. The Mulgrave-street Methodist Church anniversary was held on Sunday last. The services. were conducted by the Rev. A. i. Cocks and H. Wilkinson..m A most enjoyable concert was held on Tuesday evening, when Mr. G. Whitfield occupied the chair. The following supplied the programme:-Thel Misses Docking, Elmhns, and iGround, and Messrs. Barnes, Yomng, Olark, Summers, and Rose. The accom paniments were played by the Misses Newton and Docking. 3Mr. II. Purse, the treasurer. presented the balance sheet, which .showed that £43 17s had been raised towards paying off the debt, in addition to meeting the year's eur rent expenditure. A collection taken during the evening amounted to £10 ]0s 7d. In moving a vote of thanks Mr. J. Ride made special reference to the faithful and much-appreciated services given during the year by Miss hRuth SGeard as church organist and trust col 5 lector. Women's O.T.U. The monthly meeting of the Women's Christian Temperance Union was held on Tuesday afternoon in the Temperanwca Hall, the president (Mrs. Braham) occu pying the 'ihair. The meeting opened devotionally, after which some business wds transacted. The president was ask ed to give an address at the next meet. ing on the referenda, which is to be voted. The meeting closed with prayer, Wages on River Steamers. In connection with the action by 'tlh :Merclhant Service Guild of Ahstralia in the Arbitration Court to obtain hiigher, wages and better conditions for the mass ters and mates of river and coastal ves sels, the parties, who include the Tasnm.t. nian steamer proprietors, have been no tilied that. the P'resident (Mr. Justice Higgins) has fixed Saturday, 29th inst., at the Darlinghurst Courthouse, Sydney, to consult all parties concelrned as to toe position. Ulnder :the proposed award a master of a passenger vessel of 123 tons and under is to receive £23 per montl; chief officer, £1; and second ollicer, £13. The. wages for master, chief oflicer. antd second ollicer of vessels other than pas senger vessels are £22, £15, and £13 respectively. The award only applies to members of the guild. The Loongana Delayed. The defective operation of one of the Loongaua's. propellers because of the loosening of the sleeve, and the conse quent necessity, for clocking to remedy the trouble, have brought about is slight dislocation of the turbine's run ning: Under ordinary circumstances the Loongana would have yesterday after noon left Melbourne at 3 o'clock, buht oa discharge of passengers and cargo shor, ly after arrival at II a.m. she was floatedt into dock, there to have the necessary attention given to the propellers. A(. vices received by Mr. I'. Cramond, the Launceston manager of the Union Conm pany. last evening were to the eliee; that it was expected that all would I,:e in readiness to despatch the Loongaun at 10 o'clock last night. The vessel s four boilers would be requisitioned, anl it was anticipated that she would arrive here at 2 o'clock this afternoon. ii will be necessary to coal the Loonganac. here, and arrangemlellts nave been nnmad( to send her away on the return journey, at S o'clock to-night. Tile marine board Iwill undertake to assure the thoroughly, ellective lighting of the river in the way, of lamp-trinuning, and as the moon is full no ditllieulty in navigating the river is anticipated. It is an early express to Hobart this morning, and in order to meet the convenience of the Postal De partment and the incoming passengers arrangements have been made with the Railway Department to despatch a spe cial train for Hobart at 3 o'clock this afternoon. Mr. \Vragge's Warning to Shipping. Mr. Clement L. Wragge has further terrors in store for the people of South Australia when his fearsome storm "P1'l to" has passed quite away (says an Ade laide paper). " Late on Thursday night lie issued the following picturesque fore. cast of the weather for the next weerk or so:-"Tne energetic disturbanc,:e 'Pluto' will now affect the entire region between Sydney, Gabo Island, Tasmanic, and New Zealand, and Adelaide will hlav finer weather under the gradual approasa of relatively higher pressure. Yet 'Aga mInenon' is.looming up over oceanic areas south-west from the Lecuwin, and will surely affect this fair state later on, as already advised. An ugly-looking mon, soonal depression, nameds 'Dimon' is hang. ing off the north-west coast north fr'om Shark Bay, and we would earnestly c.tu. tion shipping in that locality to be on the alert. He will probably affect also the Northern Territory with rain and generally enervating conditions, and may, later send a tongue or extension into Crn. tral Australia. If 'Agamemnon' ilset 'Dimuon' ultimately coalesce, as seems nor improbable, electric disturbance is sure to result. In fact, ere a fortnight hasl elapsed we expect that, high opera will be in .progress around the sides and seg. ments of the anti-cyclonic and cyclonic systems. Some people imagine that ime. torology is a study dry as dust. It ds nothing of the sort; it is all music from bass to treble, as the winds sweep in rhytlhi round the contouring asid gra dients of the isobars. More anon." Communication with Port Davey. Senator J. H. Keating is in receipt oa a conununication froml the Postmnaste'. Ueneral's Department osn the subject of i the establisliment of telephonic conmmuni cation 'with Port Davey in connection with which representations were made by? him on behalf of the Zeehan Town Boas',l.' The intimation is conv-eyed. that an understanding was arrived at some timeo since by the Conmonweallth and Tas manians Governments by. which the former 'wouldl erect and maintaini a telepholne line between Cape sorcll and Port Davey, and the latter would, prior to the con structios of the line, cut .aud- thereafter, msintain a track along which thel tele phone line would be constructed, and iwould provide at Port Davey a depot and; caretaker, and also thle necessary atten. lion for the telephone when establishled It Iad been decided thalt the route of the line shohuld be from Cape Sorhll to Pol lard Point, Port Davey, following tihe coast; line for ithe whole distance, anrid a'iangements were made for a consulta.e tIon between the state anuthoritiea and thl electrical engineer of the Postal Depar? 'Ient in ITobart as to t.lhe exact location Sof the rotlte. In this connection the lDeputy Postmister-General, Hobart. now adIlvised as follows:-"'"lihe Minister or 'Lands dumd Works in this state was asked if anything coild be done to expedite the siattcr, and I am in receipt of hIis repyi thatI t he Government is preparing a schesme of probspetihlg and track-cut. ting thri'ougs the area south of Mae quari Has-bour towardn s Port Dave, which will probably fit in, to a certain extent, with the opening of the proposed track for the telephlone line to Port Daveyr. From recent reports from. jar. ties examining that neighlbourhood, I hIope to be in a position to advise yol further on the subject in the course of a few wgeks." For si- isfactory gifts you can't find bet ter quality, try where you will. And you can't asd lower prices anywhere for goods of the same quality. We have the finest stock of presents in Tasmania. You are cordially invited to come and Inspect them. --F. and W. Stewart, 100 Charles-stree:, Launceston. Reduction in Blcyles Prlces,--The Cash Bicycle and Supply Comsany, which open ed yesterday at 128 York-street,.under the management, of Mr P. R., Beauchamp, expected ae. good day's trade-and they got It. The public seem able to appre Sclate , straight dealing, with moderate prices. Their guns will probably be on view to-day. Tile farmers' requisites may not be available until to-morrow. See advertisement.*  - I - THE WEATHER. « I (To the Editor.) | Sir,— In view of tho anxiety . every- ! where being felt at the general absence of rain, 1 would ask the favour of" a little space iri your journal for a few re marks on tho subject which I have no doubt wilt appeal to your readers. I desire to say, as ono conversant with weather conditions obtaining in Queens land that- the future outlook is unfavour able, so far as a general rainfall is con cerned. Rain will fall during the sum mer months, but will provo to -be con siderably under average and of a spas modic character in isolated areas. It is not at all improbablo that light rain will soon full in local areas, acoompaniod with terrific blows of cyclonic force, Tl-.cro will also occur dry thunderstorms, acoompaniod with terrific lightning and hail in some instances. Such is particu larly applicable so far as the central and northern districts are concerned. Anything in tbo nature of general rain fall will be conspicuously absent m Queensland during the ensuing year. Weather conditions will improve during 1920, and will probably become normal during tho summer of that period. I would liko to draw attention to a fore cast which you kindly published sorao months ago. T am at present unable to verify tho &lt;late, but anyone who cares to look up your files will eeo that my predictions concerning prevailing weather havo been fulfilled. 1 base my conclu sions on the theory laid down by Mr. Clement L. Wragge, who is well known for his scientific advice on meteorological matter. In conclusion I would like to say that smoothing more might with advantage be attempted iu long-range forecasts by oar official weather authorities. Tho daily weather chart offers no solution of the Eroblem of fnturo weather, beyond 24 ours riicad. It is to be regretted that such is the case. Facilities at the dis posal of our weather authorities shouM jastiiy something further being at tempted concerning future weather con ditions which would be highly appre ciated and would mean thousands of pounds in wealth to this State. Yours, etc., CHARLES B. DANIEL. I Eagle Junction.  Mews In Brief. Professor Payr, of Leipsic, has transferred a piece of the thyroid gland of a healthy' mother to her idiot child, with the result that, in one month, the child was completely cured of its malady. On Sunday evening a thief, got into the Presbyterian Manse, South Yarra (Vic.) by climbing a verandah post. He stole 15 sovereigns and J£I5 worth of jewellery belonging to the Rev. G. Tait. The Canadian revenue for the fiscal year ending March 31 amounted to an increase of 18,000,000 dollars. The total revenue was 132,000,000 dollars, and the country's total debt now amounts to 322,000,000 dollars. The Anglican Vicarage at Kilmore (Vic.) was robbed on Sunday night, and the curate (the Rev. R. Leek) found that £10 in gold had been taken from the pocket of his trousers hanging at the bed head. Whilst Miss Vida Goldstein and her friends were enjoying a game of " Patience," at her residence, in South Yarra (Vic.) a thief got into fier room and made off with jewellery valued at ^30. It is announced that all Bavarian scholars under the age of 17 years are to be prohibited from playing football, on the ground that it is too reckless and too rough, and might have possibly a coarsening effect upon the youths. Neil Hansen, who shot himself at Northcote (Vic.), left a letter addressed to the police announcing his intention of committing suicide. Hansen was at one time in prosperous circumstances, and had been president of the Epping Shire, but gave way to drink and latterly was employed as a bricklayer's laborer. A fire occurred at West Wyalong (N.S.W.) early on Monday morning, and the Manchester Union Hall, the Royal Hotel and shed, containing two motor cars, were destroyed with their contents. While watching the fire from a balcony, J. Nicholson, a young man, fell on sojoe iron spikes below and was picked up unconscious. It is semi-ofBcially stated that the Turkish primary, elections were carried out with the troops surrounding the polling places. The soldiers only allowed those who supported the Committee of Union and Progress to er.ter the booths, and the authorities are said to have gravely violated the system of ballot. The Christians and Albanians abstained from voting. ..yMichael Kennedy, when driving a 'pony and gig over a railway crossing at Ballan, in the Western district of Vic toria, was run down by the Port Fairy express. The pony had just cleared the rails, when the engine crashed into the gig, severing it from the horse, which was uninjured. Kennedy was pitked up unconscious and taken to the hospital, suffering from a scalp -wound and internal injuries. The following is a letter written to the Press by Mr. Clement Wragge, dated Chiltern, March 29:—"Sir,—just allow me to say, in simple justice, that if the Central Weather Bureau, Brisbane, had been in existence, the annual vote for which did not exceed .£1,500 per annum, three days' warning at least would have been given of the recent cyclone off the Nor'-West coast of Australia. — Yours, etc, Clement L. Wragge." The passengers by the s.s. Aorangi from San Francisco give long accounts of the extreme misery and privation experienced by a large section of the population of San Francisco. For some time thousands have, been flocking to the city in anticipation of the boom caused by the opening of the Panama Exposition in 1915. When the Aorangi sailed there were fully 5,000 workmen walking about unable to obtain employ ment. Several block owners in the upper Murrumbidgce have lost a number of sheep owing to the animals having developed a taste for the carcases of. poisoned rabbits. One owner lost abcut 300 sheep in this way and he says that just now the sheep would eat almost anything. He has seen sheep eating the five-day's dead body of another sheep. The stock inspector says that he saw a ewe greedily devouring a rabbit which was not yet cold. There has been no green feed in the Riverina for months. Speaking at a meeting of the Kapunda Liberal Union, Mr. Foster, M.H.R., said that under the Socialistic rule efficiency in the public service went for nothing, because rule was not centred in the Cabinet but in the Trades Hall, whose dictum had to be accepted by Ministers. Big public undertakings were managed from the bottom instead of from the top with the inevitable result that the public works of South Australia, during the late administration would show an absolute loss tj the taxpayers, through waste, of at least £ j 00,000 a year.  COMPARISONS ARE ODIOUS. .... ' This . earth that we live on was originally a piece thown off from the' Bun, and went revolving through space at a terrlffic spocd, a molten mas.s, said Mr Wragge. The sun that we see, although enormously large aa compared :with the earth,, is but as' a grain of sand, when compared .with the size of other suns in the infinite immensity of creation. Speak ing of sunspots, which, he said, were terrible cyclones raging in tho sun's atmosphere, they were in size thous ands ot times greater than the earth, and yet the mighty Wilis still ocu pied the Speaker's chair.  A WINTRY DAY. GALES AND RAIN. The weather on Friday was suggestive of winter. Throughout the morning pleas- ant conditions prevailed, although fairly strong breezes were blowing almost con- tinuously and the sky was obscured by clouds, the sun peeping through at inter- vals only. In the afternoon the clouds be- came more dense, and there was every an-1 pearance of rain, but it held off until even- ing, when a soaking shower fell shortly before 8 o'clock. It did not last long, but many people who were walking to the city from the suburbs were drenched. The tramcars were rushed at the street cor- ners, and the unexpectedly heavy traffic caused considerable inconvenience to pas- sengers, who were packed in the cars like! herrings in a tin. The showery conditions | lasted until a late hour. ME. WEAGG-E AGAH\T. ANOTHER PICTURESQUE FORE- CAST. During the afternoon Mr. Clement L. Wragge supplied us with the following prognostication of the weather:-"Im- primis, it is our duty to advise New Zea- land in unmistakable terms of the ap- proach of 'Pluto.* Dangerous weather is sure to be experienced along the entire west coast of the Dominion, under gales from between north-north-east, north, north-west, west, south-west, and south in turn, with hail and much rain. We pity the 'old man' hanging on to the weather rail in the Tasman Sea while tons of water sweep the decks amid the cackle of the fowls and the grunting of the pig, 'Den- nis,' with pea soup in the lee scuppers, and the majestic albatross sweeping around the surging blue wake. Yes. we can see it all. and picture it as vividly as though the body were actually haere. Some sailors will be running aft tor a gentle nip, pro- testing that they have the stomach ache, and get a dose of salts into the bargain. And when gradients ease off under the slowly advancing high pressures, up will go the'topsails to that grand old saltwater an tùem7Ranzo, boys, oh Raizo.' My word! but 'Pluto' will make things buzz properly between Tasmania and MaorilAnd. All New Zealand shipping is hereby warned. Glancing now at South Australia and ad- jacent waters, all that region between Cape Borda, Gabo, and Cape Raoul is un- der the influence of the aftermath of 'Pluto ; it is as though 'Proserpine' were hanging on to the mantle of- her dusky mate, with ter dirty skirts blown to lee- ward at che rate of Knots. But, as before intimated, the weather round Adelaide and, in South Australia generally will speedily become more settled as the high-pressure isobars surge eastward in rhythm under south-south-west winds, and these condi- tions will make easting, and the weather will improve before long in the south-east- ern States. 'Pluto' has cruelly affected New South Wales, just-as we said would happen. 'Agamemnon' is as surely -ap- proaching the, Jjeuwin as God made apples, and the.-probabilities of a coalition with Dimon' are todays more marked. Thus within four days Western Australia may expect nasty-weather »from between north-east, shifting north-west to south- west in turn, and Vessels bound towards the Indian Ocean will meet these condi- tions. »Thereafter- Adelaide's^ turn will come 'again, ' but we can only hope that 'Agamemnon' will not be quite so bad as 'Pluto,' and .there is a remote chance that he may sheer off into higher latitudes. There will be thunderstorms and charming displays of lightning in central Australia, Queensland, and the north-western portion oí New South Wales, and *Dimon' will in tensify»these factors-later.on. .Matters, arc. now suspicious north and, north-east from Rockhampton, and &lt;?, Brisbane. will, experi- ence blustering westerlies. We shaJL not be surprised to hear oi hurricanes over the western Pacific Islands.t, Altogether ¡t is a pretty''game of chess,' and.we watch the; developments, with the-.liveliest- . interest. .Proserpine^ the-wife of 'Pluto,* is, as it were, hanging on to him.' and will cause coastal rains and local squalls from be tween west-south-west and south ere the finer high pressures hold sway. Thereafter comes 'Agamemnon.'» The worst,tfeatures of all'wül be-over, the« Tasman-Sea and I New Zealand-under-'Pluto.'"tj ,, T THE' OFFICIAL REPOBT.c»« The Governmept Mcteorologisfc.'reported last night:-"Stormy weather bas been »ex- perienced.« «throughout this /-State ito-day, giving tbe »-impression that j winter is al- ready making successful onslaughts upon the dying summer. Showere.were reported from several stations, the highest amounts up to 3 pjn. being l8 »points at Gare and Mount Gambier. Aift, Adelaide, although very threatening, little orno; rain fell until the evening, when 8,paint« were registered between 7.30 »pan. and,;9 pjn. «.^Tempera- tures were generally« law,-being mainly in the .sixties; or lower seventies,-and at Ade* Jaide« the* maximum ehade reading was 72*8 degrees. Under the> influence of cold sontb wésterlies tbe reading, at 9 p.m. bad been reducedrto »57.- degrees, t Friday's weather chart.indicates that.«a cyclonic influence of considerables-energy -still operates.« over SoutK-Eastern Australia, and, althougb»be* coming lese intense, is continually being re- inforced byjow pressure waves. , At« pre- sent this system shows _no« promise of de- parture, though, ,of. course, when it does start -t¿> move eastwards it may gb sud- denly, ?» as ,i these .storms,» after -, centring round Tasmania for a while, often do, and, its passage will allow the-high, which; at present is stagnating over the Bight and causipg»-warm weather in the , western State, to move over this« State and-bring finer and more'settled conditions. For the present we may, t therefore, expect further, showers over the central and southern dis 'tncts, with «continued fresh to strong sputa-westerly .winds.'' , t A SIWEBË GTÂJJE. BUILDINGS UNROOFED.S '* Sydney, "Man* 14. . A westerly gale has been blowing all day, and'in places damage4'was dope to build- ings. At Newcastle several sheds », Were unroofed, and at Cook's Hill the roof of a timber yard was blown on to the trato] bne.-,-_ ^ I  Splendid Rain. NORTH COAST BENEFITS. After a long spell of dry weather, the northern coastal regions have now received beneficial falls. Unfortun ately Macksville has not been regard. ed as a place where people want to know anything about the weather. In other towns the weather report from different centres is put up at the post office every morning; but the residents of Macksville have hither r to been content with a ''wheelbar row'' service iu this direetiou. Per haps the Chamber of Commerce might bo able to briug things a a little more- up to date. However, it is pleasant to report that this and adiacent districts have benefitted bv the change, as follows : Macksville ... 185 points Bowraville ...... 145 ,, Nambucca Heads 208 ,, Valla ... ... 200 ,, Kempsey, ... ... 190 ,, Sydney Thursday. — Excellent rain has fallen on the North Coast, and will prove of great benefit in dairy ing districts. Some discussion frequently occurs regarding Mr. Wragge's forecast made some years ago. Here it is: — "During 1914, 5 5 said Mr. Wraggp. at the time stated, "the . raiufall will be under the average. This by no means implies that there will be no tain. On the coutra'ry, good inter vening rains will occur, and the last part of this period will be better than the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards, the rainfall will | markedly increase, and from 1916 to 1920 inclusive, the seasons will be distinctly good, with abundant - pre- cipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to steadily fall off, and the worst part of the next great 'under average' period .will be 1923. and-1924. Australians will be justi fied in calliug that a drought. In 1925 matters will begiu to improve, aud goorl seasous will prevail from 1925 to 19,30.'' These forecasts, ex plained Mr. Wragge, are mainly based ou the physical conditiou. of thesun with respect to its maximum and miuimnm moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we are ueariug the eud cf the solar minimum— or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we on earth have no" couceptiou, were last violent.  How the Sun brings Rain and Draught. (By Clement -Wragge). , Australia has a greater interest than perhaps any other country to the scientists. No other part of the world answers so quickly to the changing mood of the son. It is a great scientific truth tha( ,good or bad seasons in Australia depends mainly npon the changing moods of the sun, that follow each other in regnlar cycle. Birth op the Son. The sun, great as heeems, is only a second-rate variable star. Billions of years ago he was born — sloughed off with otheis "bf hie set from the mam body of cosmic gases in this wonderful unlvers In turn the sun gave birth to theplaoete, or worlds, that forms /thiB tiny solar system. Mercury, Venus the Earth, Mars. ihe Asfceroids, Jupiter, Santurn, Uranus, and Neptune. The son himself is only one of millions -of Other suns, some better than himself. With them he helps to raeke-hjetpe Milky Way. The sun accomp&jjpfl by the Solar System is travelling on an unknown orbit at the rate of 291 miles a minnte, or 153 millions of miles a year along the Milky Way. In mass the sun is 330,000 times greater than the earth. In bulk he is 1,300,000 bigger. His diameter is more than 860,000 miles, He weighs 2 octillions of tons. The Sun with all bis planets are bnt puny grains of lnminons dust when com pared with myriads other suns. Only a very small fraction of the sun's energy reaches ue. With this he made the hills and valleys ; with this he divided the land and sea, and filled each with every form of life. His rays paint the flowers and the butterflies' wings. They pro duce the gentle zephyrs or the strong sale. They play with "theinists and fogs the dews and the £&iB6, .The sun brings ns onr times uf drought and plenty, our poverty wealth, onr sickness and health, ont- glad ness and sorrow. The snn being a second-class variable star, is subject to (times of activity and times of comparative rest. The time from the quietto the activemood is about three-and-a-lialf (3.52) years, and from the active to next quiet mood abont seven and a half (7.55) years. During the sun's period of great activity more and more of the eunspots are observed, and daring the times of comparative rest fewer, if any of them. The sun spots are gigantic hurricanes piercing, tearing, ripping through the sun's three main atmospheres, with an energy of which th&iiaman ' mind cannot form the faintest con ception. They are the .centres of solar cyelone, and in the "hollows" formed by these this earth wonld lie iike a pebble in the crater of the greatest volcano. And as fire smoke and molten lava burst from volcano oratere, so on the sun's surface great red flames and storms affect the earth, through at a distance of 92,000,1100 miles. Birth of the Earth. The .earth was thrown off from the sun in the state of a white heat much as an emery wheel throws off a spark. That was 230 millions of years ago, if you strike the average between astronomical and geological research. At once the earth beganto cool off. and gradually to solidify.' About 30 million of years later- the earth threw off the moon. A.t that time (he earth was Brill hot and steaming : and was taming aroundk on its axis, ouce every three liounj instead of once every 24 hours. All through these ages the earth gave its heat in to space and cooled all the quicker because at such times it got less energy from the sun. When the earth had cooled enongh there came in tnrn all forms of vegetable, animal and human life. The earth will go on cooling and contracting, and at length become lifeless a« the moon now is. There Is however energy enough left to support' life for thousands of years to come. When the snn is in one of its qniet moods, there are few snnspots so of coarse it has not been sending forth as much heat, and energy as formerly. The result Je the earth has been cooling down' more quickly. You know what happens if you cool . a hot stove too quickly by spilling cold water on it — it cracks. So too the earth cooled eo qnickly in 1902 that it cracked in plages and shook and splattered. When it shook we had earthquakes and tidal waves, (the volcano disturbances in the West Indies, e,g„ Martinique and St. Vincent) ; when it spluttered we had hot springs exploding and vol canoes active (the great physical excitement in the hot lakes district) when it cracked, the sea was prob ably let into the fiery depths of the earth- and probably , caused the Martinique disaster. This also caused the seasons of drought and the wonderful display of the South ern lights. Needless then to say the the Snnspots affect the atmosphere. The weather depends', upon the atmosphere, and the atmosphere, being the ligheBt part of ri he earth, is effected by the sun more easily than any other part. On September let, 1859, Mr. Carrington, an astronomer, was watching the snn throngh his "smoked" telescope, when he saw a great, flame that seemed to ehoot across the dark centre of one of cyclonic sun-spots. Ih the twink ling of an eye fearful ' Baagnetic dis turbances occnred on lhis planet — as thongh the snn and earth were connected by a short distance tele phone. Magnificent displays of anrora burets forth from the polar latitudes iff each hemisphere oF earth. The whole electric condition of this little globe was effected. Magnetograpbs in the observatories were violently agitated.; telegraphic operators in the United States were thrown off their chairs with the shock end in Norway and Sweden electric instruments were positively rained. For a few hoars between October 30tb and November 1st of 1903, beautiful displays of Aurora Aus tralia were observed in the sonthern parts ot Australia and Tasmania, tele graph communication with France was 8nddenlj cut off, and in the Melbourne observatory all the magic instruction were caused by the great red hydrogen flame, which began then to leap higher and' higher from the sun. The snn has now passed his time of-qmet and is in creasing in energy. (Oct. 1904) The atmosphere, and consequently the weather, are Hound to change in response to the changing moods of the snn. For example 'the late Australian drought was a distinct result of the period of minimum en ergy of the Sun. The present good season, with the rains, is ' the direct result, of the Sou's now increasing activity, assisted by other factors of less importance. - The sun's moods influence the whole earth from pole to pole. Some countries, by reason of their geo graphical position, respond more readily than ethers to the sun's changing conditions. Australia is one of them. It is mainlya question of latitude combined with physical features, such as mountains, rivers, lakes and seas. Iu the Southern Hemisphere there is abont five times as tnnch water, and about one-fifth as much laud as in .the Northern Hemisphere — and these great masses of water simplify the sun's influence on onr atmosphere. Sonth at the equator Australia is more sensitive than any other country. Sonth Africa is also very responsive. Some countries, such an the West of Eng land, are so placed that they have almost always plenty of rain. That is due to circumstances easily under stood. Take New Zealand, its distin guishing feature is the great alpine range, which acts as a condenser for the vapours of the Antarctic dis turbances. But Central Australia has no such mountains to intertere with the direct influence c£ changing solar moods ; and so the sun's moods are answerable more particularly and directly for Australia's wonder ful climatic cbangeB from drought to rains and floods. The drought cornea when the sun has Iast energy, because at that time it really, gives off less heat to the earth— although. in dry air that heat may seem' , scorching at the surtoe e, as in., the case of hot winds ; tuen the earth cqpls down by giving off heat into atmosphere. Tula hear passing-in quivering waves upward throngh the air,-absurbs the vapours in the atmosphere, and holds them in an invisible steamy state. Had it not been that greater cold wonld have prevailed far aloft and the moisture would have fallen in the shape of rain. When the snn is doing his greatest amount of work the sun-spots or dark centres re appear and increase in size and number. The larger ones can be seen throngh an opera-glass, or with he naked eye using smoked glasses. Special instruments show the red flames of bydroden. writhing and twisting and leaping upwards. Sometimes the flames leap 66,000 to 160,600 miles from the sun's edge. During this period his energies in crease, and th" earth is responding, drinking in and saving np the elec trie and magnetic vitalising energies. The earth's atmosphere is also affec ted. The moistffre is no longer held in suspension by excess of radiated heat. The.rainfall increases, because cold atmosphere currents aloft con dense the vapour by increased action and. reaction in the air nnder the increase of solar energy. Then the water holes fill, the rivers flow and vegetation revive and harvests abound. The sun takes abont 3 years to get from the time of its lowest energies to its highest, and then the opposite gradually begins. Good seasons in 1903 to 1907. In 1912 or 13 the opposite climax will be - reached. As i-the sun is more active .now than it has been for some years, the ice in the sonth polar regions will break np on a greater scale, and drift into lower latitudes than before. The meeting of these icebnfgs will greatly affect the weather conditions all through the sputhern parts of Australia. Speaking broadly, the rainfall will be much greater, and the temperature a little more .even with less extremes pf heat and cold than during recent years.  PREDICTIH- THE WEATHER. SEIPTLED TILL 1930. 31R. WIRAGGE AND THE SUNSPOTS. I in these days, when those once hon- d oured prohets of the. weather-the t corns and-gouty. limbs of. our elders- t have given place to scientific forecast, the farming community - haigs with bated breath upon the utterance of the experts. The Auckland (N.Z.) "Star" inter viewed Mr.Clement Wragge,F.lR.G.S. -the one-time -. Queensland -Govern ment Meteorologist,and the foreteller of the disastrous Australian droughts -at his.home. at Birkenhead the other day. Mr. Wragge willingly acquiesced when asked if he could venture a fore cast. The celebrated weather pro phet lives in intimate communion with the weather portents. An odd looking ,barometer was at his elbow i1 his. queer workshop-like 'study ; shelves of meteorological tomes line the room. Outside was a box-like structure, which, to the uninitiatel, might have been a meat safe or a bird cage. It was, in fact, a-miniature ob servatory, in which clockwork and electrical instruments registered the vagaries of the atmosphere, or turn ed turtle, by an alarum arrangement, to tell the state of the temperature at a given time of night. The meteorologist, fetched a huge 1 telescope. formidable as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting rays of the sun, and allowed a bright half crown of light from the lens--the photograph of the sun--to play on a white blotting pad. "No sunspots and no rain just yet," was the rueful verdict. "I've been I expecting one just lately. It should 4 appear shortly on the edge of the sun, and when it works to the centre, conditions will be favorable for rain.' The prophet then gave the barome ter a professional tap, jotted down a figure, and dubiously said "Umph." Producing a chart of the Australian regions, lie went outside to test the direction of -the wind and to find the lay of the low atmospheric pressure I regionl, and then commenced to rapid ly draw wavy "isobars" on the chart. S LOOKING AHEAID. Mr. Wraggo has computed forecasts of- the seasons for Australia up till 1930, and these, he says, are applic able to New Zoalanul, with slight moderations owing to physical and geographical reasdns.During 1914 and part of 1915, he says, the rainfall, "taking Australia as a whole" will doubtless be under the average. This by no means implies that there will be no rains. On the contrary, good intervening rains will occur, and the last part of the period will be better than the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards, the rainfall will mark edly increase, and fromn 1910 to 1920 inclusive the seasons will be distinct ly good with abundant precipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to steadily fall off, and the worst part of the next great" "under average" period will be in 1923 and 1924. Aus tralians will be justified in calling that a drought. In 1925 matters will be gin to improve, and good seasons will prevail- from 1926 to 1930. These forecasts, explained Mr. Wragge, are mainly based on the physical conditions of the sun with re tespt to its maxima and minima moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we are nearing the cnd of the solar mniuimui,-or the period when the fearfil cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we onil earth have no conception, were least violent. The maximum period would com aence at thel, eld of 1015, and ,tutil then although lie did not expect the seasons to be so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must not be anticipat ed. lntervening rains in New Zea land should give a heavier fall than in Australia. In the droughts lie pre dicted, New Zealand would not suffer to the same extent as Australia ow ing to its climate being insular whereas that of the latter was contin ental.  WEAGGE AND WEATHER ADVICE, AND. FORECAST. LOOK OUT FOR ULYSSES. Petersburg, April 1. Mr. Clement Wragge issued this1 ft iCast to-day:-, ^ " Y > ,*,:, ", "Having just one spare evening'" inv". the quiet of our, bedroom, surrounded by cyclone of papers, instruments, literature scattered all over the floos, I have de- termined to utilise it by having a general look round upon the impending weather Conditions of Australasia. Imprimis, the great Antarctic ' disturbance nanv-'d 'Ulysses' is about 500 miles .south-west from Albany. That he looks vicious is to put it mildly. * Within the time assigned in my forecast published on March' ' 27 he will influence the area of the Great Bight and sweep thereafter in majesty towards the eastern States. Hin eastern umbra is. however, running a day late, having been blocked by the western iso- bars of the high pressures which acted much as the cushion of a billiard table repels the bali. 'Ulysses' will mainly operate' between the parallels of 37 and 50 degrees, but his eastern and northern edges will cause warmer weather in South Australia, under winds from batween north- east, north, north-west, and west, with occasional nasty local blows and foxy dust spinnies, by which bats will go flying to leeward and opportunities occur for snap- shots in the streets. These conditiona will also affect Victoria, Tasmania, and southern New South Wales in turn as the disturbance passes eastward, and thereafter the winds will shift to south-west and south, followed in course « generally bv more bleak weather and rain as the baro- meters begin to rise again. Svdney and the region thence to Gabo, Hobart, and Melbourne will get another good 'doing' before twelve days from this date have elapsed, and thus ample warning is given to passengers and shipping. 'Ulysses' will reach New Zealand before April 15, ind he, is expected to renew the floods and Tains in the South Island and elsewhere. Thus the Dominion is warned. The wes- tern half OÏ" 'Agamemnon' caused the re- cent 'deluge- south from Dunedin and the bael-weather in Cooks Strait, and even yet this lastnatned disturbance has not ceased to influence Maoriland. "Surveying now the far north-west, the monsoon named 'Anan' (having - already caused heavy rain and a lot of bdlher north from Geraldton) is still1 much'in evidence. Local willy-willies are,yet likely under ibis ¿way and shipping in those paria cannot be too, careful. Later on 'Anan' will push his .way inland and .cause a renewal &lt;"f muggy swelter, especially in the northen parts of South Australia, with probable electric storms. Queensland will enjoy «arming'weather and we see nothing at present to threaten that State. ."One last ,«la&lt;tce at 'Ulvsses' because we are immediately concerned in his advent Remember, good people, he is coming and is bound to affect you more or less. Not onlv so. He will probablv be followed by a satellite or loop' named 'Sinon.' after the perjurer of tbe Trojan war. with a lot of coastal rains. So April will witness a merry time, and tho=e in harmony with Nature will relith it like a mollyhawk eu joying titbit« from the pantrv. Pax v&lt;> biscum! Let readers study Virgil and the Iliad of Homer." _  MR, WRAGGE'S VISITTO GRENFELL. Those who heard the lectures delivered by Mr. Wragge in the Oddfellows' Hall on Wednesday and Thursday evenings, were afforded a treat such as could be lonly given by, a man holding the high position in the scientific world as that held by the eminent lecturer — the well known Australian astronomer, Mr. Clement L. Wragge. Taking his audi ence witJi mm on weuuesuay ingiii to many of the great observatories of the world, and showing by a fine lantern the astronomical photographs obtained at these observatories, Mr. Wragge dealt with the wonder and majesty of the skies — the numerous constellations, planets, and the nebulae in a niannei that was most pleasing, and which was not without profit to those present. The first picture presented was a photo of the skies taken from the Himalayan mountains, and showing stars by the millions multiplied again by millions; these stars, the lecturer explained, were nothing else but suns, of which there were no two alike. Warming up to the wonders of the solar systems, and re ferring every now and then to that amazing substance, radium, the lecturer impressed unon his hearers the fact that science and true religion were one Groups of stars were shown as seen through a strong pair of field glasses, a £7 telescope, and at different expos ures, by tne great instruments of the Lick, Heidelberg, and other well-known observatories, amongst ? the many pic tures being the Great Bear, Southern Cross. Orion, Cygnus, and several of the Seven Sisters, which were fine. A long exposure by one of the most powerful instruments in the world re vealed a plate over which the lecturer became most enthusiastic — suns in numerable, all, Mr. Wragge stilted, the work of the Most High, who controlled the working of the universe, from the smallest, things on earth to, the great ness of the solar systems; the lecturer here said if he were a clergyman, he would take for a text these words:— ' The heavens declare the glory of God, and the firmament showeth his handiwork ; day unto day uttereth speech, and night unto night showeth knowledge.' The sun was next dealt with, and Air. Wragge showed plates of the sun flames leaping out, the .sun spots, etc., and stated that at the time when the ' light phenomena' was seen in 1909 (of which the people of Gren ffcli had such a splendid view) it was noticed that one of the sun spots— in 'reality a storm or cyclone of thousands of miles across— was greatly disturbed, and telegraph services all over the world were affected at the time. Mr. Wragge, following up this part of the lecture gave an interesting quarter of an hour on weather fore-casting, and said that up to 191G the rainfall would be below the average in Australia, more pronounced inland. A set of photos of the moon were magnificent and those in the hall were able to see ' Sunset on the Appenine Valley.,' and ' Sunrise on Copernicus,' fcraters, sea beds, lava, etc., all in the moon, with a distjnetiveness that was truly wonder ful. At the conclusion of the lecture about forty or fifty persons remained to see that most wonderful substance, radium, and a lecture on its use and power was ^much appreciated. Mr. Wragge lectured on Thursday night frlso, a most profitable-and interesting evening being spent.  "A VOYAGE THROUGH THE UNIVERSE" . .. MR. CLEMENT WRAGGE, LECTURER, "Evolution, the primordial law of the uni-' verse, requires it," exclaimed Mr. Wraggo be- foro a packed audience at the Y.M.C.A.-hall last night, when he commenced his series of scientific entertainments, "and the time is com- ing when men will be forced to drop thoughtless pleasures and to search diligently for know ledge of the great cosmos ut which they are part and parcel." The much-travelled scientist reappears llttlo altered in figure or manner from the time when he preslde'd over the destinies ot the Infant weather department in Queensland, slightly more obsessed with his studies, if anything; equally daring in his theories and retaining in pristine freshness the quaint literary methods which used to make those memorable "General -Observations ou the "Weather" the admiration of tho mariner and tho despair of the student. Intensely interesting his lecture upon the in finities of the universe was, and the sandwiched sermons were not less devout in spirit, because the astronomer phrased them in the language 'of his cult. "O God of tbo universe, bring thy so.rvant, this radio-active, spark from Thee, more Into harmony," etc. The voyage through the universe covered really- only a 'few hundreds million miles, in a couple of hours, but even in that short run Mr. Wraggo left his passengers breathlessly agape. He steered first of all for some of tho northern -constellations, looked In. at tho Pleiades, and examined the constitution of some of the great nebulosities; then hurried along to CygnU (the "Flying -Swan"), exhibiting some late photo graphs taken, by the Heidelberg Observatory. Contemplating the immense vista of suns -and worlds revealed by these plates Mr. Wragge' exclaimed ecstatically "Measure not In words, the immeasurable. Ho spoke the word, and it was done." Orion was the next astral port of . call, and the audience were shown some fine telescopic photographs by the" Yerkes Observatory or tbe magnltleont nebulae in this group. The Milky Way; with Its Inconceivable aggregation of sons and sys tems, nearly. took the lecturer's breath. away In his endeavors to convey a fleeting: idea of what, failing a better term. Is called infinity. When the : voyagers ..-reached our Sun, Mr. Wraggo spoke . in more specific language, and was evidently on somewhat familiar terms with that luminary, which, rather Inconsistently with the credit ho attached to it as the lifo-gtving power of this rforld, ho disrespectfully' de- scrlbcd as a. "second-class variable star." Sun spots have, throughout: Mr. Wragge's profes sional career, been recognised as perhaps his main scientific hobby. Ho holds that earth quakes, eruptions, droughts, cyclones, and prac tically' every old trouble that jiumanlty suffers from the elements, is traceable to sun' spots, and ho quotes aB unimpeachable evidence' of the correctness, of hlB thesis that prior, to all the notable - disasters wltlilp his lator lifetime, - he has personally observed big blemishes on 'tho face of tho sun, with corresponding confla grations of hydrogen, hundreds of thousands of miles in height. These tnoorles, however, ho hastened to explain, were not generally sharml by othor- scientists. Spectrum analyses ot tho sun's rays afforded the lecturer opportunltv for a diverting digression, during which, in fllus- tration of tho truth that color, like sound. Is merely an effect-ot-vibraUon, Mr. Wragge sang as a solo — with more attention to science. It must bo admitted, than 'to art — an octave be ginning "Red Is bass," and- ending In a queer falsetto, "Ultra violet Is treble." Some excellent pictures of sun eclipses fol lowed, the mysterious coronal observed by scientific expeditions from 1850 onwardB. Tho socond halt of the lecture was devoted to the moon, In connection with which Mr.. Wraggo exhibited an exceptionally good series of re cent telescopic pictures from the Lick, Parts, and Torkes Observatories, and explained very interestingly the progress of detailed observa tion of the moon's snrfacc. 1 - The lecture concluded with a peroration, re ligious, rhapsodical, and scientific, entitled "The legend- of tho man who Implored God to lot him see tho Universe." Mr. Wragge will Icctgrip (p-clght. oa "The Majesty-.of- (SmttTO,?,' " T  "LEONTA" PREVIOUS RECORD CYCLONE FIFTEEN YEARS AGO j People familiar with the recent history of tho north-eastern coast of Australia will at ' once recall tne terrible storm of March 9, 1903, which swept over and practically wrecked the city of Townsville, as affording the closest comparison with that now re corded at Bowen and Mackay. The disturbance, tunefully christened "Leonta"— in continuation of the playful practice of tho former Queensland weather prophet,' Mr. Clemont Wragge— was known to the department to be raging some hun- oreds of miles out at sea on a Sunday, and on a Monday morning practically without any warning the terror swerved in a di rectly south-easterly course, and in a twink ling was wrecking havoc with everything hindering its course. Such disturbances have a certain periodicity— December to April — and seem to bo definitely confined to limited stretches of the north-eastern and north-, western coasts of the continent, Bowen and" Mackay being about the southernmost points affected by the fierce winds In the east. The cyclonbs are in reality immense whirlwinds, sometimes 100 miles In area, born at the equator. They radiate in slanting directions t, wards the tropics, losing practically no momentum in their passage over tho sea, and breaking finally in a mad sweeping swelter over tho coastal headlands. Record Barometer Readings The barometer readings taken during the prevalence of "Leonta" are an Australian re cord, if they have not been surpassed by those of the more recent storm. In Sydney a fall of l-101n. in tho barometric gradient over 100 miles is looked at as a sure signal ot something big coming, and a 'barometer reading of 29.000 — normal sea-level pressure being in tho neighborhood of 30— would frighten tho wits out of every sea captain in Port Jackson. Tropical gales, of course, gain a certain degree of intensity from lati tudinal influence owing to the revolution of the earth on its axis, but regarding that effect as fractional, it is possible to get a vague idea of the frlghtfulness of the blow from the mere instrumental story of the dis turbance. With a barometer showing 29.580, birds have been dashed to death by the wind in the streets of Townsville — on one occasion a pigeon was impaled . on tho large hand of the town clock and stopped the works for half the night. Keeping that register in memory as tho point at which the down ward movement of the mercury spells in creasing danger, tho merest amateur me teorologist will know that a glass showing 28.448 (Leonta's lowest record) .would repre sent something approaching elemental chaos. And so it did. The Observatory attendant of tho day in the northern city was absent from duty on the Sunday preceding the storm, and re lates that at 6 a.m. on Monday, March 9, he was taken by surprise to see the baro meter reading 29.620 and failing.; He smelt disaster, readjusted the papers on the self- recording instruments, and jotted down the variations as follow:— Time. Bar. Wind G a.m. 29.620 . S.S.W., 10 12.5 p.m. 29.030 S.S.W., 12 1.15 p.m. 28.988 S.S.W., 12 2.15 p.m. 28.600 S. 11 At that point the centre of tho storm was practically over the city, and a short, weird lull followed. The meteorologist was unfor tunately compelled to grab up his barometer and dash Into a gully, for in the screaming climax of the blow the entire observatory was whipped Into the air and swirled miles out to sea. Reliable private aneroids, how ever, agreeing with tho official instrument in other particulars, gave the lowest reading as 28.448. Then conditions rapidly approached the normal, the later relevant records being; Time. Bar. Wind. 3.0 p.m. .. 28.562 .. S.S.E., 10 6.65 p.m. .. 29.396 .. E.N,E.,-8 That is the story of "Llouba" as told by the barometer, and tho figures should be helpful should poor Mackay, some day grown cheerful, begin to boast that it has taken the heaviest blow on earth. Tho swiftness of the Townsville catastrophe is sufficiently in dicated by the times and readings given, and in view of a previous long-drawn-out period of suffering associated with another of Cle ment Wragge's tiger pets, "Sigma," they real ise up there the grim triteness of old Admi ral Fitzroy's rough poetic couplet — Rain long foretold, long lasts, Short notice, soon past. In Mackay's case it was also "Short notice, soon past," , Hell Let Loose To writo the dry, direct, record of the quicksilver tube has been an easy matter To approach a description of the elemental fury which its variations represented makes one hesitate— hesitate because tho chaos is hardly dcscribablc in language, and because what one relates as actual facts must beget a scornful jeer from people who have only seen a strong southerly gale in Sydney. Wo hear a good deal nowadays of shell-shock! Men who have gone through a tropicai cyclone on lund realise what that is, but will not be persuaded that any terror that human ingenuity can inv'ent is able to stand comparison for a moment with Nature in a mad mood. It Is only possible to convey some idea of wbat the wind can be by mentioning a few incidents of that memorable appalling occasion. At 12 o'clock no cabman ventured to drive from behind the shelter of Castle Hill a bold, rocky, procipitous headland sheltering tho main portion of the city from tho sea If any ventured to do so it meant the instant capsizing of tho vehicle, and possible injury of his passengers, at the first turning into an open area. From secure nooks peoplo watched tho fearful . surge in breathless terror. Tho roar of the liurrlcnne wholly drowned the voice, and communication was mado by signs Tho air was sodden with rain, slashed Into foam — tho Observatory gauge, registering .10 in., overflowed, by the way — and debris o' all descriptions. High overhead, many hun dreds of feet, flow countless sheets of roofing Iron, like so many postnge stamps, hurtling out to sea with thrice the swiftness of aero planes. Whole roof sections, weighing hun dredweight, swam on the wind for half a m|le or more and dashed destructively to earth rolling everything movable beforo them. Iron telegraph posts' on tho flats, presenting no more- resistance than their own exterior sur faces, and the wires they supported, were bent to the earth at almost acute right angles. Where the wind got fair scope tufts of grass were blown out of the ground. Tree trunks a yard in diameter were snapped like carrots. No leaf remained on any tree which stood up to the gale. Tho twigs of huge Moreton Bay ' figs which bordered . the North Ward Park were twisted and plaited like stock whips. While tho general intensity of the hurri cane never lessened for n moment for five hours, through the onrushing wind ono could actually see frantic gusts rushing llko loosened rockets, blackened with stones and refuse wrenched up in their fury. Those demons of tho elements left nothing standing in their path but tho everlasting rocks. Tracks wero shorn out ns by gigantic ploughs travelling at thrlco the speed of express trains. Well-built cottages wero snatched off their blocks and hurled contemptuously Into neighboring allotments. The tidal waters on tho sea-front were blown back' half a mile, below low water mark. Horses, maddened with terror, galloping to tho strand, were en-, veloped in black gusts, and blown helplessly out to sea. The general hospital, situated on a rlso near tho shore, fell In the track of such a blast, and the scene was Indescribable. A newly-constructed brick building, with' mas sive \valls, crumbled at its touch, and myriads of bricks flew Into tho air like disturbed bees, the roof meanwhile being carried on tile wind In an entire, body down atop of a small gro cery storo 509 yards off, which, In tyrn. col lapsed, and accompanied the rool'-iron down the street to tho Bqa. This disaster caused trouble to many In firm patients, and the hospital authorities signalled to' the Permanent Artillery Garri son at Kissing Point for assistance. Stal wart soldiers, stripped to the waist, answer- ing tho summons, went to tho rescue, partly running und partly crawling, as the gusts allowed, over about a mile of open country in something like an hour. In every corner that afforded reasonably safe shelter wero huddled homeless women and children not merely pallid, but green nnd 111, with lorror. Poor Mackay! , After endless hours of this horror came the strange boding -lull betokening the presence of the storm centre. Peoplo cautiously crept from their shelters to explore the sad ruins of shattered homes, but scuttled back again like rabbits to their burrows as the gale swung round under the influence of the op posite wing of tho whirl. Tho socond visita tion was mercifully short and comparatively Insovere, and hundreds of wrotchoil victims set about making habitations be neath roomless floors or in the public build ings which were left uninjured in the town. Then it rained— pitilessly rained— inches an hour, tho livelong dark and doleful night. Docs thnt description give some Idea af tho distress that must now bo prevalent in poor Mackay? Townsville staggered for many months under that blow; the nerves and health of many robust citizens wero hope lessly impaired by - the strenuous fears and sufferings of that day. So must It bo in tho sugar capital.  ! LOCAL AND GENERAL. | Jl unionist CjlUlli'll.— Sunday, March IIS. — Brobenah 10.30, Colinroobio 1J0, Narandora 8 p.m. Kcv. I'. L. Black. Ciii:kcii ui1 Eni:i.akii.— Services ou Sun day u,.xt, March I7th. will be as follows:— Nnrandeni. S ii.in., 11 a.m., 7.W p.m.; (il'UQK UroilK. 11 ll.Ul. I'KKiiDVTKitiAN ('liuia'll. — Services Inest Sunday are as IoIIohs:— Jv'arandora 111 a.m., anil S p.m., DarliiiRlun foinl 3 p.m., Whitton 'iM-'i (Harvest I''ustiva|). 1(. C. Cmj|!l.'ll.— Mass as follows:— Niirundnra, Sunday 17lh, 7.30 unly ; j (J rout' 0 nuii,', Sunday JUlh : Narandera, | Bundav 24th 7.;)ll nuly; .Morunduh,24tl],U. j KxcfRSKiN.-Tliu Kailway Department ' announces in this iasue llin running of i cheap trains to Sydney for tho liaster 'Holidays, the Tures liy wliicli will heat | tho rale of single fare for the douhlu i journey. Ckii-kct.— Tlioru will U- uu mutclics in L'uunvuliuii ivilli tlie lofiil .\nnucialwn tu-iniirruu', as uu flint -late flic return nuitdi uulwccn IIib Murrumliitljji.'i! and Wdiadgery Clubs will bu iiluyvi]. 'Tns SroSEt MAit'.— Tbe propfie toieof the 'Sydney Mail' notify that the price bi thiB popular weekly has been reduced from eixpence to three ponce. 1'iANo-TuNixG.— Mr. T. II. Tliiodon lias, owing to pressure of tbusinceti, postponed hie visit to Nurandera until Monday next, 18th met. MONEy Wxthodt INTEREST.— Atten- tion is drawn to the advertisement in another column of the Coolamon and Narmndera Starr-Bowkett Society, who offer money without interest to those successful in their ballots. Motor Service.— In order to keep pace with the times, and meet the wishes of his many patrons; Mr. James Robinson of Deniliquin, mail contractor, has purchased a 20-30 horse power 'Flanders' motor-car, which he intends to hire for special trips. His son Mr. Frank Robinson, has spent some time in a garage, learning how to manage the car, and obtaining practical experience in effecting repairs, and the car will be &nbsp; under his care, therefore patrons can &nbsp; have every confidence in engaging the &nbsp; motor. ST. Patricks' Day IUch Club.— The committee of tho above, having been granted & date on Easter Monday, publish in this issue the programme for their second mooting, to be held on that day. The principal events are the Club Handi cap of 20 6ovs., and the Easter Gift o/ J5 sovs. : the other items beimr the Onenine, Trial, and Welter Handicaps of 10 sove. each. Nominations for all events close on Friday, March. 29th, witlitho secretary, Mr. J. Harvey, from whom all particulars may be had. am Exceptional Opportunity.— Messrs. Hulchinson and Doyle desire to announce that they intend holding a great removal sale prior to moving into their no^y and up-to-dflto premises, which are just noaring completion. The date of tho sale is fixed for Tuesday, 2nd April next, and will only last for one woek. We are informed that to save trouble and expense of shifting present stock, no reasonable offer will be refused for any article. Startling reductions are promised, lull particulars or wnicn win appear in our next issue. Narakdera Hace Cldji.— The annum meeting of the above is (ixed for Wed nesday and Thursday, May 1st and 2nd. The ISarandera Handicap of 35 sovs. will be the principal event of the first day's racing, and there will al6O tie a Fljing Handicap, High Weight Handicap, and Autumn Handicap of 15 sovs each, and the Maiden Tlate of 10 sovs. The Town Plate of ^15 sovs., will be chief of the second day events, the others being the Murrumbidgee, Welter, and Farewell Handicaps of 15 sovs. each, and the Trial Handicap o{ 10 soys. Nomina tions for the Narandftra Handicap and Town Plate close on Tuesday, lGth April, and ior all other events on Mon dav, 29th April. Park Grants.— Mr. V. Mctiarry for wards the following letter for publica tion:— 'Department of Lands, Sydney, 29th February, 1912. Sir,— 1 have the honor to inform you that the following apportionment of the JE95. allotted for your electorate in connection with the general distribution of this financial year's park vote, has been made as desired by you. Coolamon. Kindra Park, £10 ; Currawarna Reserve, JE10 ; Narandera Park and Recreation Ground .£20; Wagpa Wagga Reserve, .£25; Barellan Reserve, £10; Kamarah Reserve, .£10 ; Gantuarn Keserve, 39935, £10. The Trustees of the above men tioned areas will be duly uotilicd by the Treasury when the money is available for tueir use, witli the exception ol Narandera Park and Recreation Ground, and the Wagga Wagga Reserves ; pay ments of the grants in these cases being withhold pending the adjustment oi the previous advance. I have the honor, etc. Aktuuh J. Hare Under Secretary. ORANOE-BLOssosid.— A quiet, wedding was celebrated at the Methodist Church on February 20th. when the Eev. P. L. Black joined in tho holy bonds, John, eldest son of Mr. and Mrs. J. Hanlon, of Junoe, and Lillie Jean, only daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Slender, of Naraudera. The bride, who was given away by her father, wore her travelling dress of golden brown silk ninon, and cream hat trimmed with roses, also a gold and pearl brooch, the gift of the bridegroom. She carried a bouquet of white flowers and ferns with white streamers, sent from Sydney by the bride's aunt. Miss J. Hopwood was bridesmaid, and wore pale blue ninon; her gold brooch being the gift of the bridegroom. Mr. A. Doud, of Junee, supported the bridegroom. After tho ceremony, the guests adjourned to the residence of Mr. W. C. Slender, where light refreshments were partaken of and the usual toasts honored. Later in the afternoon the happy pair left for their home in Junee. Mr. and Mrs. Ilanlon were the recipients of many useful and handsome presents. Miss O. Adams presided at the organ. 'A Voyage Throuou the Uni VBSSE.'1 — An intellectual treat was ac i-ordcd the people of Nurandora who at tended on Wednesday night, the lecture given by Mr.Wragb'e,dealint' with the won dersof the Universe. Thelecturerheldhis hearers spell-bound, as by the aid of splen did photographs obtained from the world's greatest observatories, he took them on an imaginary voyage through the Uni verse, through the countless millions of suns and stars, each revolving according to the Great Plan, in the endless magni tude of space ; and showed how worlds were made. Particularly fine views were shown of our own sun, and the sun spots, which, according to the lecturer, were raging cyclones of great dimensions which had the effect of causing, by what was described as wireless telegraphy, earthquakes and other disturbances on this little earth. Splendid photos of the moon, depicting the mountains, craters, a ud old sea-beds on the rugged surface, and showing the great extremes of heat and cold to which our neighbor is subject, were shown. At the conclusion of his lecture Mr, Wraggo exhibited his specimens of radium, the marvellous pro perties of which astounded his audience. To-morrow (Saturday) night Mr. Wragge makes absolutely his last appearance in Narandera, when he will deal with 'Creation, The Seasons, and Radium.'1 The Kev. J..S. R. Ranking was last weelc inducted by the XVagga 1'res.bytevy into the Junee charge. That portion of the Urana Kecre ution Rcsei'vu which comprises the Rifle Range, has been withdrawn from the recreation area of the Reserve.  MR. -,WRAGGE'S LECTURES. Sublime Subjects. Mr Clement L. W:ragge,;, the eminent astronomer and ecietnisf` :delivered two lectures at Euroa this week to attentive and appreciative audiences.e 'A voyage through the universe,' and 'The Majesty of Creation,' were indeed mental treats such as are seldom offered to provincial audi ences; ..The. lecturer's method and manner of delivery, his whole souled enthusiasm for cthe temple of the s'niverse, :;is cut. sting. sarcasms on the follies and foibles 'of the day, and his idexhaustible fund. ofr huamor, held the concentrated attention of the audion:es from start to finish, and there were few who left the hall without.a feel ing that they had been permitted to dwell for a short time n a - higher plane of existence. Mr Wragge's addresses really ,repesenrt.d a, body-anl-soul uplift ,thas :tgit"t ,e Ineasured and weighed' in ?foot" pounds. The abyssmal distances "between the sins that deck the heavens, their num. her as the sands of the sea shore when shown to the eye by the pLotographic plate, the cyclonic storms of the sun, the immense energy of his 'wireless' conhection with the earth and planets, the dead and blasted surface of the moon-all formed enchanting sections of discourse, The marvels of radium, which is continually throwing oil flying particles at Inconceilable speed,were detailed and exhibited, and an emphasis was laid on the 'oneness' of creation-the biraking.np of radium into electrons and ether vibrations wds on all-fours with the evolution'of worlds.. The supra-world and the i nfra-world were alike governed by the same principles,oledlent to the same mighty laws . The infinitely smalland the infinitely great responded and interacted with all cr etion; there was music everywhere, though the gross senses of man rmight not yet be in a position to receive more than a small portion of it. A flower, was music; the rainbow gives to the eye the musical scle in color; the spin of the atom was music; and star sang to.gtar from Infinity to infinity. In the silent midnight watches, when the astronomer was alone withr the. majesty of the eternal, his soul went outini adoration of the mighty architect, and came into tune with the thoughts of the sweet singer who sang-'The heavens de= clare the glory of the Lord, and the firma ment showeth His handiwork.' The lee turer was succeasful in imbuing his audi ences with this dominant note, enabling them for a short, fleeting time, to drop the artificial nothingnesses by which mjst men and women's lives are submerged, causing them to realise that, in the power to sweep and weigh the heavens, to analyse the molecule, to measure the etheric (or Gamma) heart-beats of radium, to catch the voice of deep calling unto deep, of Ilanet- unto planet, man possesses attributes little lower than the angels if he only allows his soul to: -wing in tune with the majesty and music of the iiniverse.  THE YEAR'S PROSPECTS. At ihis time, the beginning ? of tlie new year, the chief anxiety of the pastoralist, the farmer (that is, tlie^ grower of wheat, oats; and field pro ducts generally, on a large scale), the fruit grower, the dairyman,- and all : those . who depend upon the land v and the climatic .conditions, even the miner, sho.uld be as to .what the pros pects are for the autumn, winter, spring, and summer seasons, that are !/ in front of them. The remainder of tie present summer months (January and February) may be regarded as harvest and rest time ; and they are only of value as probable indicators of what is. to follow. The most nat ural and the best season of the fust two months in the year is, for these , . distriq{js,_a time . of light- rainfall, as that generally presages a wet autumn which gives a filip to the - settlers' hopes for the pastoral, agricultural, and dairying seasons. It does not need 'astronomers and meteorologists to tell/men- on /the land that the sun plays , a- . great, and essential -part in nature, as they know from practical experience that his influence is ne cessary to prepare the soil, to germ - iuate the seed, and to ripen it for harvest; and he knows further that Tie pla^s an important part in the regulation of the atmosphere, the temperature, the climate, \ and the seasons. But they do need the help of the' students of science in order to ascertain the effects of the sun, and what may be expected- of the' great planet on the seasons from . year to year—to find out what sea- j sons -will -give plenty»and what scarc ity in the products of the land. We endeavour to study these guides, and to g-ive readers the, benefit : of our r researches ; and we may say . that . th'e.ieientists . agree :.that - the- spots . o-it the sunrs surface -are the -secret' of the planers influence -on the sea - sons. As Mr. Clement L. 'Wrag'ge ?puts-it; the sun- is subject to. moods — to 'good homour and bad humour, to activity and -rest ; that the time frojtf the quiet to the active mood ; is three and a. half- years/^aiid from the' active' to^the quiet .mood -abottt seven and a half years; that these spots are gigantic hurricanes, pierc ing and tearing and ripping through the sun's three main atmospheres which the human- mind cannot form the faintest exception, and that they are the centres of solar cyclones. The scientists can tell us when each mood is paramount, and its effect, when they presage drought and when plen,ty of rain, floods, earthquakes, and terrible v.olcanic eruptions, &fi. Hence, Mr. J. Harcourt Giddons qould on February 18 last warn our readers of the approach of floods in the early part of the following month; and, though the scientific weather prophets were astray in their general forecasts for the year 1909, they were agreed that the southern and inland parts of this state would be favoured with sufficient rains to se cure the crops from failure. Mr. Ogg, the Queensland observer, for in stance, was able to assure the farmers of these parts a comparatively good yield of grain. Now, we advise hien on the land to pay particular atten tion to the forecasts for this year, when they get them. We already have Mr. 'Giddons', and it is not en couraging. It states that the first three months of the year will be hot and dry, with few chhanges in this state, Victoria, South Australia, and Tasmania, that even April rain will be scanty; and he does not give hope of good rain until the end of August. This is a most discouraging forecast, and it is to be hoped it will prove to be ill-founded: yet it is worth noting by pa'storalists who have to deal in stock', by farmers who have to prepare the seed-bed for the year's cultivation, and by, others - who de pend upon the rainfall. The farmer particularly should fallow his land where he can afford to do so, and he should plough deeply and well. It would be as well to break up the land roughly in order to store as much as possible of whatever rains and moisture do fall. A thoroughly prepared seed-bed should be laid down, and the sowing and tilling should be accompanied with fertil isers. Should good autumn rains fall, then it will be all the better that good preparation had been made for unfavourable conditions. From time to time we shall endeavour to get the best information we can for the gudancie and help of our readers; and they will have to do the rest.  THE MATH0URA FIRE. Extensive Losses, I On Wednesday afternoon a fire commenced ub Mr T. G. WragRo's Narlga Estate, and before it was uu tier control it dovasted over DO, 000 acres. It may bo safely assertod that it was tlie most disastrous fire which tho district has experienced tor many years. The outbreak was first dis covered on Narlga about noon on vVednesday and it spread at an alarm ing rate through Warbrecean, the eastern cornor of Cobran, across M-vthoura Estate and right on through the smaller holdings up to theBunaloo' road where, fortunately, its progress southwards was stopped. In au easterly direction it. spread to tho Doniliquin-RIathoura road west of the railway line beforcit was blocked. It is estimated roughly that an L-shaped area, 2D miles in length, varying from a few chains to 12 miles in breadth, was laid waste. When tho firo was first noticed on Warbreccan, tho manager, Mr R, Kiddle, with fire carts and men, went out, and numbers of neighbours with water carts also arrived on tho scone to fight the flames. A strong northerly wind was blowing, and the flames raced along at such lightning speed that it was impossible to work system atically in confining it. The big plains and timbered country just at this season of the year aro covered with long dry grass, and tho fire having started it defied the most strenuous efforts of the willing army of bush firemen to subdue it. Milo after mile it travelled, leaving a wide, blackened desolate course behind it, smouldering dobris and burning trees. Soveral thousands of acres on Warbreccau wuro burnt out, and then tlie flames continued their course unchecked to Mathuura Estate. A small corner of Cobran Estate was in the wake of the fire, and somo 1400 acres of grass were destroyod. Mr H. C. Parker, manager of Mathoura Estate, had all the availablo men and water carts out to try and check the fire, but tho relentless element dofied everything. It had now such a broad spread that whilo being temporarly checked in one locality it made headway in another, and ovontually went from one sido of the run to the other destroying thousands of acres of valuable grass lands and ruining miles of fencing subdividing the holding. Tho fire swept past the homestead and wool shed, which wero saved by means of fire breaks and men with carts and beaters. The smaller holdings between Mathoura Estato and the' Buualoo road wore tho next to suffer after tho fire had crossed the Estate, and nearly every one sustained heavy losses of bay, standing wheat crops or grass. A desperate fight was made to stop the flames from crossing tho Bunaloo, roadfor it- was felt that if tho firo once crossed the road terrible devastation must result. Early on Thursday morning the firo was apparently con quered, but at daybreak tho wind changed to the west and blowing with cyclonic force started tho lire atresh in numerous places. By ono o'clock tho Mathoura common was burning at several points, and half-an-hour later the flames oxtonded from the north to the south of tho area. Clouds of smoke and flying ashes of grass enveloped tho township and at the railway station the smoko was of such density that ono almost risked suffocation by remaining at the build ing. Around each of the wooden housos recently erected on tho west of tho lino groups of men were stationed as the fire came on, and by burning breaks or using their beaters they succeeded in preventing any of tho buildings from being destroyed. The housos of Messrs Hughes, T. llochford, G. Goodison, W. Reinkow slty, G, Gavel, Mrs Higging and J. Farroll were all safely protected by breaks being burnt, but in nearly ovory instance the grass paddocks or ' back yards ' adjoining were burnt out. The grass within a few feet of tho walls of the Shire Hall and in the adjoining yard was all burnt. The firo was checked from crossing tho road south of the railway station, and about six o'clock it was stopped on tho north opposito Leotham's Woodlawn estate, about twelve miles south of Deniliquin. Mr J. Jennison, farmer, whose pro perty is close to tho railway line a couple of miles from Mathoura, was a heavy loser. Tho firo reached his place about 10 o'clock on Thursday moraine, and burnt every aoro of grass and standing wheat crop and damaged a lot; of fencing. Tho wheat crop was being stripped and was yielding very heavily. Mr Jennison estimates tho destruction of his wheat crop means a loss of 1000 bags of wheat. It is not possible yet to definitely state the aotual lossos which havo oc curred bub tho following particulars wore gathered after careful inquiries ab Mathoura on Thursday afternoon by tho 'Pastoral Times' representa tive : D. Sinclair, Bunaloo road, burnt right out excopb hiB houso, also lost some sheep. H. Sinclair, all grass paddocks burnt, also two-roomed house, and somo shoep. Peter Sinclair, largo extent of grass country and three stacks of hay. Mrs Sinclair, several hundreds of acres of grass, and some stud ewes. Johnson Brothers, about 3000 acres of grass. C. Joss, 100 acres of grass, 140 acres of wheat (estimated to yield eight bags), and one stack of hay. James Glenn, about 90 acres of wheat, and 100 acros of grass. D. Glenn, about 800 acros of grass. E. D. Watts, 700 acres of graas; only the hous3 saved. — . Rees, ijurnt right out,' about 1000 acres. Widdis Brothers and C. Bartlett, who lost a big. area of grass by a firo a few weeks ago, are reported to have had tho balanje of their grass country burnt out. .T. Reinkowsky' lost ovor 200 acres and one hay stack. Mathoura Common, 400 acres, only small strips and patches of grass re ?maining. Nearly all the small special lease blocks and allotments opposito the railway station were burnt out, in cluding those of Messrs H. Lyte, J. H. Bock, Penglase, Treatt, J. Coppinger and J. Reinkowsky. Mr G. W. Horiot, of the Pastoral hotel, relates an incident in connec tion with the fire which shows that ho narrowly escaped being injured. He was returning from Jennison's farm when a burning tree fell across the roadway right in front of tho buggy. The horse just stopped in time to avoid being struck. On Mtiuhoura Estate a very large extent of the country was laid waste. Mr Parker, the manager, stated that at least 2D, 000 acres on tho station were burnt. It was reported that there had beon a largo number of sheep destroyed. Mr Parker, in reply to au inquiry on tho telephone, stated that between 000 and 700 sheep were found dead. Sergeant Jones, who was at Mathoura Estate on Thursday, saw over D00 doad sheep huddled together in the corner of a paddock. Apparently the 6heep had run down tho fences in front of tho fire and were suffocated with the smoke and heat or roasted by the firo when it reached them. The sheep were piled ono on top of the other, showing thnt the unfortunate animals in their efforts to escape tho fire had jumped on top of those that weakened and wero the first to fall from the effects of the smoko and heat. — Ab- ridged from ' Pastoral Times.'  FROI .VARIOUS SOURCES Running a country newspaper is not all sunshine.. A rural editor gives the following hint:-"The fellow who can play billiards, smoke cigars, have six penny drinks, shout for" others, trip it to Sydney, go to the races, etc., should not overlook the fact that he owes us a couple of quid." "D'yer see that there old cove com in' outer Jones' pub?" remarked the way-back leg-puller to a new arrival. 'Well, 'e's the champeun boozer ov this locality. He's been drunk fur a quarter ov a century, an' if 'e wos ter wake up some mornin' an' find 'imself sober I do believe the shock would kill 'im. Twelve months ago 'e wos bitten by a tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too." 'Did the man die?" the new chum asked. "No," replied the bushman, "but the snake got blind paralytic drunk." Beauty is only skin deep, but curves is curves. "The Secret of Smart Dress," runs a headline in a contemporary. Some of the costumes we have seen recently had nothing secret about them at all. "Johanna" tells this one in the "Bul letin"--An exalted military gentleman in Melbourne found himself beset by an untidy young woman of about 25 in a suburban street the other morn ing. "You're-, ain't you? Well, Bill can't ao to the war." "My good woman, I-" "I tell yeh straight. Bill can't go to the war, an' 'e won't, so there. Bill's engaged t' me; then he goes and enlists t' fight the Ger mans. Well, he won't go, see. -,.He's said he'll marry me, 'n'-he ain't goin' t' get off so easy. I give you my word." Can't you picture Bill in a snow-filled trench, with a bullet in his neck, getting off easy? All men are born free and equal, but the majority of them marry later on. Of troubles connubial, jars and di vorce, This, we believe, is the fruitfullest source; A man falls in love with a dimple or curl, Then foolishly marries the entire girl. There was a man in our town And he was wondrous small. He bought a big barometer And put it in the hall. And when the mercury went down Because of wind and rain, lie climbed on the umbrella stand And shoved it up again. If everybody on earth spoke the truth and nothing but the truth for twenty-four hours, we should find our-' selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution the world has ever known. Last week (writes "Gossip," of the "Stock and Station Journal") I had two schoolboys staying with me, who were on their way from Bedale's School, in Petersfield, Hants, to Scot land. I took them to all the things we had time for, including the "White City," and the play of "Grumpy," at the New Theatre. They had the time of their lives. We visited the Tower I of London, and they saw the "Traitor's 'Gate," the site of the scaffold where people used to be shortened, the idle soldiers, the ancient "Beefeaters," and all the armor and the guns and swords and crossbows, and weapons, of mur der. They were greatly interested, and when we came out I said, "Now, boys, what interested you most about the Tower? What is -the strongest im pression that you bring away from the old place?" The bigger and older of the two (nearly 15) said:-"Well. my strongest impression, after seeing all the armor and the weapons of war is that the people of those times were fools." Before I had time to express my views, the younger one said. "Well. we're bigger fools now." "Amen," said I to that, and then we talked! "Northerner" writes:-Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain which promises that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even MIr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week. and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes wihere during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a- week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact r?emains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self weare going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at-Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it.  OTHER TOWNS DA).LMAILED. Cfho postmaster at 31ount Garnet tele graphs that the cyclone struck that town on Monday at S p.m., causing considerable damage and lasting for eight. hours. Tao stores suffered hea ily,, but the post ollice escapld, and there was no loss ot life. Six and a half inches of rain had fallen during the night. At Cardwell a cyclonic storm oc cllrred on -Sunday afternoon, continu ing from 3 p.m. till 5 a.m. on blon day. During the stornt the sea rose to a tremendous height. Several buildings were slightly damaged. The - The ettly was demolished, and of two motor boats used fior meeting steamers to receive mails and cargo one was sunk and the other stranded. All small boats had bet: destroyed. 'he re-apllearanee of this c?;clone ,as foretold early in hebruarv by .Mr. tltoment Wragge.  SETTLED CONDITIONS COMING. THOUGH "LEVY" MEANS TO PLAY UP. mr. wragge's special forecast. In his exclusive forecast to "Tho Sun" to day Mr. Cluinent Wruggo, tho distinguished meteorologist, predicts moro sottled condl- . lions, although tlio disturbance "Levy" means. to play up." Mr. Wroggo writes:— Tho monsoonal conditions notified In our previous advices culminated In yesterday's storm, nnd tho following conditions will now eventuate:— Heavy blows over tho Tuoman Sou, and even to tho south-cast pom the Chutham Islands, under tho rear half of the disturbance "WUUs." Strong southcrllvs and rain squalls over tho south- cost corner of tho continent, and in ptuccs ulong tho coast south from Ncwcastlo. but a wavo of finer weather and more settled conditions Is rapidly approuching from tho' west under a bijj anti-cyclone, tho centre of which Is now near Fort Augusta, In South Australia. South-west from Capo Lcouwln Is disturbance "Levy," and Indi cations so far show that ho means to play tip over tho Southern Ocean within a week Pm date. Generally, however (save for thunderstorms In Queensland and nasty squalls off Tasmania, tho Lccuwin, and Gabo). the weather over Australia as a fow dvys mostly ,lne during tho next Some generous friends for whom wo havo a profound respect Intlmato that an academic "Jealousy" of our resumed work exists In certain quarters. Surely this can. not be so. Jeitlouuy to true mon of science is an unknown factor, or should be. But if so— and what a lot depends upon an "If— well, wo arc British to the coro, and havo made, nnd mean to maintain, our own i>osl- S.Cli!H!C,ill,j; whUo wc «>nUnuo to n Public forecasts for this paper. Wo "hall stick to the bone that is ours by richt. opposition or no opposition. Wo havo given "Jraiouay" that wo know of" 2SS iy»MVOr lr,h'd to lrt'at our meteorolo gical confreres with ovcry oourtesy. Thus wo shall go on, while tho editor pleases.' running a race that is fair nnd square ac-' S.'Sl V" i,rUl8" tenets and rutea of fnlrplny. Our brnlns belong to us, tuid 'S11 lhCtil , "Ncm impuno laccsslt. Wo shall plougli our way iiko for 255 » i,??li0nB1of w? c o n t i n u otowri to £5 lire !, : u ol,lcr crftft show tho rtd or we shall met end on— "Green to green and red to red. Perfect safety, go ahead," ullu llll ff y»tji, ?ir'" —CLEMENT WRAOftv tsepicnibcr 16, 10 a.m. % PPu,nr lady who used to bo Miss Tnnny Dango, who married In Novcm- bor last Mr. Sam Mackay, the wealthy West Australian squatter nnd owner of several well-known mcehorses. was called upon last Tuesday b>;tho stork, who left a son ind heir upon the premises. Congratulation, are reoch- Ing Mr. and Mrs. Mnckay from hosts af friends throughout Australia.  The Lost Koombana . Whaî Wragge Says , (By. Telegraph.) . PERTH!,, Wednesday.-.' In connec- tion wran the- Joss of! Port Head- land, on the north-west coast, ol thc Adelaide. Steamship Company's liDe steamer,. Koombana, Mr. Clem- ent Wragge,.. who at one time was in charge of. the Queensland Meteor, ological Department, bas .britten to the papers on storm forecasting. Mr. Wragge,: in effect, states ? that if the Central Weather' Bureau ? in Brisbane were - in i existence now,, threo days' warning, at leash, would have been given of tho re- cent cyclone 'which caused such -des- truction and loss of life, an&lt;| tho wrecking : of : the Koombana..There le - much diMimion «and : comment here . on. the «abject . matter, of ; ; .'Sr.-;  ! FROM VARIOUS SOURCES Running a country newspaper is not all sunshine. A rural editor gives the following hint:—"The fellow who can play billiards, smoke cigars, have six penny drinks, shout for others, trip it to Sydney, go to the races, etc., should not overlook the fact that he owes us a couple of quid." "D'yer see that there old cove com in' outer Jones' pub?" remarked the way-back leg-puller to a new arrival. "Well, 'e's the champeun boozer ov this locality. He's been drunk fur a quarter ov a century, an' if '« wos ter wake up some mornin' an' find 'imself sober I do believe the shock would kill 'im Twelve months ago 'e wos bitten by a tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too." "Did the man die?" the new chum asked. "No," replied the bushman, "but the snake got blind paralytic drunk." Beauty is only skin deep, but curves is curves. "The Secret of Smart Dress," runs a headline in a contemporary. Some of the costumes we have seen recently had nothing secret about them at all. "Johanna" tells this one in the "Bul letin"—An exalted military gentleman in Melbourne found himself beset by i an untidy young woman of about 25 j in a suburban street the other morn- j ing. "Yon're , ain't you? Well, 1 Bill can't £0 to the war." "My good woman, I " "I tell yeh straight Bill can't go to the war, an' 'e won't, so there. Bill's engaged t' me; then he goes and enlists t' fight the Ger mans. Well, he won't go, see. He's said he'll marry me, 'n' he ain't goln' t' get off so easy. I give you my word." Can't you picture Bill in a; snow-filled trench, with a bullet in his neck, getting off easy? All men are born free and equal, but the majority of them marry later | on. Of troubles connubial, jars and di vorce, This, we believe, is the fruitfullest source; A man falls in love with a dimple or curl. Then foolishly marries the entire girl. There was a man in our town And he was wondrous small, tie bought a big barometer And put it in the hall. And when the mercury went down Because of wind and rain, lie climbed on the umbrella stand And shoved it up again. If everybody on earth spoke the truth and nothing but the truth for twenty-four hours, we should find our selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution the world has Last week (writes "Gossip," of the "Stock and Station Journal") I had two schoolboys staying with me, who were on their way from Bedale's School, in Petersfleld, Hants, to Scot land. I took them to all the things we had time for, including the "White City," and the play of "Grumpy," at the New Theatre. They had the time of their lives. We visited the Tower | of London, and they saw the "Traitor's i Gate," the site of the scaffold where people used to be shortened, the idle soldiers, the ancient "Beefeaters," and all the armor and the guns and swords and crossbows, and weapons, of mur der. They were greatly interested, and when we came out I said, "Now, boys, what interested you most about the Tower? What is the strongest im pression that you bring away from rthe old place?" The bigger and older of the two (nearly 15) said:—"Well, my strongest impression, after seeing all the armor and the weapons of war is that the people of those times were fools." Before I had time to express my views, the younger one said. "Well, we're bigger fools now." "Amen," said I to that, and then we talked! "Northerner" writes:—Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain which promises that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was. to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during^the monsoon time any place north of. Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti I cyclones which spoil rain for the 1 south of the continent. The pearl flsliers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, j and when they have a placid one we | have a wet one. We can do with it. |  WRAGGtE'S LATEST. WARNING TO FARMERS. Mr Clement 'Wragge offers some re cent observations on the universal subject of the weather. • "T.he only immediate prospect of intervening showers in inland and Riverina district lies in the fact that the extreme northern edge of an Ant arctic depression, named "Conro'y," is S.S.W. from j'Leeuwin.' 'Conroy' means well, and to him farmers must look during the ensuing ten days for a temporary refreshing precipitation. But two gigantic anti-cyclones, or thigh-pressure systems, on either side are doing their utmost, ?as it were, to block him, and it must candidly be admitted that the situation away from the' coast looks very serious. Solar conditions-still spell drought, as spe cial observations clearly show, while opposite effects have been, and will yet be manifest in the . Northern Hemisphere, to wit, the American floods—negative and positive etheric vibrations operating' respectively by wireless waves linking up the sun with the earth. "How much longer must,we. sound the warning note. We knew, in 1904 that 1912 would be a bad year in con tinental Australia. I frankly told the people so eight years ago, and was laughed at by those who had neither the brains nor the wisdom to under stand; But to; cry at the present time would be absurd. Now is the time for manly action on the part of the farmers: aivd pastoralists. Let them be.up_and doing—let them make wells, dam the little creek-beds 011 their holdings, 1 conserve! conserve! and let not the proverbial 'drop' of any intervening rain run to waste. Remember, Wragge is your, best4, friend."  SAYINGS OF TO-DAY AND YESTERDAY. Circumstances alter kisses.—Caro lyn Wells. -Many are men of probity—until you I begin to probe.—J. Whitman. The man who can't remember when he was a fool is one yet.—Strickland Gillian. About the only way a woman can keep a secret is to keep it going — Nathan Levey. Woman: A being to run away from, or with—as the case may be —Elbert ■ Hubbard. Young men, ] have to advise you to try to be good rather than great. You'll have less competition.—T. Lawson. The wages of sin Is exposure— Es telle Klauder. A high old time lays many a man ■ow.—Cole Blease. On the. door of success is "push," in ! brass.—Upton Sinclair. Lots of people will take everything for granted, except a hint.-Green wood Lake. 'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all, but it isn t so cheap.—Sam Stimson. The trouble with the average mar ried man la that he doesn't know what a ewel his wife is till he comes to Put her in r casket.-General Sickles. "Northerner" writes:—Anent the drought, the.recent heat spell, and the Prospects of the rain which promises and never comes, it is curious to note that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before ? n 'tmaa' and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why It should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to tho extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this w nothing to talk about In those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsvllle which doesnt get iv ten Inches or so of rain a week considers itself In the throes of a fearful "drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti cyclones whloh spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with It. It isn't so much that a woman wouldn't, but she hates to think that you think she would.  Ill» —MM——————————— " THE MAJESTY OF CREATION." MASTERLY EXPOSITION BY MR. CLEMENT WRAGGE. The keynote of Mr. Clement Wragge's lec ture at the Oddfellows' Hall on Monday night was the presence and omnipotence oi the Almighty in everything in the universe, ih.> flintiest. nrotoolnsniic germ to the ! greatest of all creations— man. The lecture i was on "The Majesty of Creation," and | right well was the subject, dealt with. Mr. ) Wragge -is not only a meteorologist oi I note; lie has attained considerable reputa- I lion as a raconteur. He .did not weary | iiia audience with scientific expressions cal culated to -mislead rather than instruct, and levelled above the heads of the unini- > « : .i &lt; si/l. ii tltn I'nnl.vn i'v V»5s 1 ti n rrTI fltTG WHS in everyday terms, which the simplest 'mind could follow. A.s a result the lecture | was both interesting and instructive. Mr. Wragge, at the outset, explained that the subject was so vast that lie would- tic un able to deal adecfuately with it owing to I the short time at his disposal. It was somewhat of a coincidence that whilst the lecturer was explaining the mysteries of creation and the groatness of the Creator a sharp thunderstorm was raging outside, the booming of heavenly artillery, accom panied by vivid flashes of lightning, seem ing to 'illustrate a-nd emphasise the words spoken. The beauty and majesty of creation were impressed ujion those .present by a series of splendid views- of file ana vegetation m all parts of the world, and in various phases. Mr. Wragge explained that na ture's handiwork was like a grand peal from a superlative organ, sweet music which our ears -were not sharp enough to hoar. The various constellations were ; screened and dealt with in much the same ; manner as on Saturday night. The sun, | he sa'id, was 806,001) miles across, whilst the insignificance of this earth was almost contemptuously presented when it was explained that it was three thous and times smaller than its star — the sun. It had now, proceeded the lecturer, been scientifically decided that the earth was 1)00,000,000 years old, and this statement was folio wed, by illustrations of the cool- ing-off process of the earth, preparatory to the reception of man. Photos of our first fathers were also screened, and one must ! admit that these gentlemen were anything but presentable. Mr. Wragge does not be lieve in the .Darwinian theory as to the origin of man; he contends that man was | a special evolution in himself, whilst the I monkey was- a "throw back" from man. The "Hoskins blizzard" was dealt with an a novel manner. This was the name 'given to the cyclonic disturbance which af- Ifected this neighborhood on Friday, Do- I comber 29. He then proceeded to explain :how the disturbance occurred, and how it I fizzled out. He, however, expressed the (hope that Mr. Iloskins would not fizzle out in this manner. His prediction that from 1909 to 1915 there would be a slight drought was justi fied by the lecturer, and other matters oi an astronomical nature spoken of. The lecture concluded with an exposition of the legend of the man who wished to see the the universe. Rev. .Father Sheridan presided over a fair attendance. At the conclusion of the lecture a -demonstration of the powers of radium was given to an interested audi ence.  "WADE," AND "M'fiOWEN." DISTURBANCES LINKED TOGETHER. rising temperatures predicted, mr. wragge's special forecast. Mr. Clement U Wragge. the distinguished meteorologist, will during his stay in Sydney Ismuo an excluslvo forecast dully for "The Sun." To-day he has more to say concern ing tho disturbances "Wade" and "M'Gowen," and he predicts "rising tempera- tures ' Jn Sydney— presumably in Macquorle- street. He writes:— Conditions as we write are full of potent meaning to him who can hear, tho music of the Isobars. Over Southern Vlctorlu la uu anti-cyclonic or high pressure nucleus the slopes from which cover the eastern hulf of the continent, implying generully Hn« we.i- ther over alt that area, thus including Syd ney, during the curly future. The centre of "Wade" is off th« Bluff, and "M'Gowen" In looming up, full of mischief, over the occnn south-east from the Icuwiu. Odd ly enough, these two disturbances are link ed together ill the upper "llftles" by an arterial vein of low pressure, after the fashion of the Siamese twins, and the result In high southern latitudes will be heave ! westerly blows, with shifts and backings j i between north und .south, while the whale- 1 i birds look on and enjoy the fun. Before five days have expired "M'Gowen" will haw reached the meridian of Sydney, and his ; approach will he heralded by rising tem peratures and northerly currents along tho southern seaboard between Kangaroo Island nnd Gabo, affecting also inland dis tricts. Altogether. the meteorological chessboard Is replete with Interest, nnd from our conning tower In the city, uldcd by our Instruments, wo shall serenely watch the course of events. Now Is the time for | good sea passages between Adetulde, Port Jackson, and Queensland ports. CLEMENT L. WRAGGE. September 5. 191L  ATHERTON NOTES. (For the "K. y.. -Register.") ATHBRTON, April 8, Splendid rain has fallen since my last, bo Friday last we bad a nice shower, followed on Saturday by about halt-an-inch, and on Sunday night by three inches. On Friday nigbt a very heavy wind was blowing, reaching cyclonic force at times. It 1B reported that a small quantity ot the corn crop was blown over, but not to any great extent. On Saturday night at suMot a most phenomenal sight was obser ved, tile sky being lit up as It were by a bright crimson colored light, at .times changing to darlter colors and fading away as nightfall set In. To further mystify the nigbt almost con tinuous lightning was dashing about until welt ou to midnight, being very vlrld At times, 'and not n peal of thun der was heard. Saturday nigbt 1B one that will be long remembered in Atbr crton. Much argument ensued as ts what it all meant, some of our local "Wragges" asserting a heavy cyclone approaching, while others predicted a One to-morrow. Sunday turned out r line day, but somewhat hot, and about 7 p.m. heav.v rain set In and poureo heavily until 10 p.m., when ft eased olf; three incheB were recorded. This rain will do' an immense amount of good, more.especially in parts of the district lately visited hy the grass hoppers. Further rain appears to be hanging about, and we want more heaps of it-to give an assured supply of winter feed. The corn crop Is doing "Well. Friday night's heavy wind did not do a great deal of damage, owing to the dryness of the soil at the time. An Electoral Court was held last week, when 65 new names were ndded to tlx Baohatn roll. These wcr? names submitted at the February Court. It Is now too late* to get on the roll for the coming election, and speaking of election matters reminds me that both candidates for Eachnm, Messrs Woods and Gillies, arc working bard throughout the district, and both arc confident, but only one can win. The 29th of April will decide the is sue. The proposed Oddfellows' excursion from Cairns to Herberton last Sunday was abandoned at the last moment, owing to a special train having been engaged to run from Herberton to Cnlrns In connection with the Into Mr. Munro'fl funemt. Quite A large .number jonlcd the trata Inn md st ' Uerbcrfou. The train returned a lit* tie after 11, reaching Herberton 'after 1 o'clock. The local footballers were greatly disappointed at there being do train up to Herberton on Sunday, Toign, 1 -predict, will win the premiership ibis eeason. Cook's Pictures played to two good , bouses here lae! week, and left f"r Herberton to-day, Atbertou is rather quiet just nt pit* sent, on account of the Herberton £>Jiu^v* being on. bpei'iuJ train* u»o leaving here daily at 8.30 a.m.,. re turning at sight, BQd as the train drops passengers right at the Show Grounds* gate at Herberton, many are taking the trip up. Herberton, I hear, had fine weather, and a good attendance. Some of the many valuable prizes should find their way here* Messrs Abbott, Loder, and English sent tot« ward a fine lot of dairy cattle to com pete. Several of our jumpers and hacks nlso went up. The question is often asked, 'What are the Atherton people doing about this year's show?" A date has been fixed, and that Is about all? It ap pears the question of r. new site is the trouble. Opinions are divided *& to what is the hat one. The present grounds, Although rather small, are very picturesque, hut with a small out* lay. 5n remodelling the ring, X thintt a good grounds could he made. How* ever, It 1«? time a move was made itf the matter. I consider Athertou being so situated In tbe centre of this great tableland, should have the pre mier show of the Cairns district, and J fully expect to see this come about* A fair quantity of timber hafe been/ passing through here lately from thd Herberton end, including BuppUes railway sleepers, which, I presume, artf for use on the Cairns line, for renty rations, etc.  CORRESPONDENCE WEATHETR FOHHOASTIXG. justice. Hint if Jlie CfJitr.i'l Wcatln-r for which did not exceed JL'l.'jOO licr given of the recent cyclone off the .CLEMENT WttAGGE. Chiltern, Victoria, 20/3/12.  CROP PROSPECTS Clement Wraggff s Predictions CQOD SEA8ON8 TO BECIN NEXT TEAR. . Mr. Clement Wiugue. F.K.C.S.. one timu (.Hirn^l.ind Govrrnnicnt nictrninlo KiM. and thr loictrllrr of the disastrous Australian droughts, was intcrviouid m-cnlly at )jis Iiomc at Birkcnbrad. .NV» Zfaland. by a representative of the Auck innd 'Star,'' and) utked to venture a forecast toncernini; weather in the fu ture. Mr. Wr.igcc has computed fore casts for the seasons of Austialia up till 1VH\ nnd these, he says, arc applicable to Sck Zealand, with slight modifica tions. During 1014 and pan of 1016. he says, the rainfall, taking Australasia us u whole, will be under the average. This by no means implies that there will be no rain. On the contrary, good inter vening rains will occur, and the last part of this period will be better than the first, .from the middle of 1016 onwards, the rainfall will markedly increase, and from 1010 to 1820, inclusive, the sea sons will be. distinctly Rood, .with abun dant precipitation. ' After 1920 the rainfall will. b«rin to fall off, and the worst part of the next great 'under-average' period will be 1033 and 1024. Australians will be justi fied in calling that a drought. In 1930, matters will begin to improve, asd good seasons will prevail from 1020 to 1930. These forecasts, explained Mr. Wragge, are mainly based on the physical con dition of the sun with respect to its maxima arid minima moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we ate nearing the *nd of the solar minimum— or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we on earth could have no conception, were least violent. The maximum period would commence at the .end of 1015, and until then, al though he did not expect the seasons to be so bad as they had been, abnormal ra'ins must not ba anticipated. Intervening rains in New Zealand should give a heavier fall than in Australia. In the droughts, he predicted, New Zealand would not suffer to the same extent as Australia, owing to its climate bein;r in sular, whereas that of the latter was continental. -  DOINGS INiDIFFERENT DISTRICTS PARS FROM ALL PARTS. ! , A Western (paper remarks : Gone are the days wih'en the down trodden shearer had to tramp from run to run in search of a shed. The modern shearer is a much sought after per son, who demands shower baths and cyclone beds, and ; tbinks nothing of knocking out a tenner a week. A party of 42 shearers and shed hands was engaged in Sydney for the Gas coyne shearing. On arrival at Yal goo they found 11 motor cars lined up, and they travelled the last stage of the journey— a matter of 300 miles — in comparative luxury. Next year they hope to go to their sheds by aeroplane. 'Tiny' Carroll, the ex-heavyweight champion boxer- of Victoria, having twice 'taken the count,' is going back to the Front for the tihird - time. He was wounded in Gallipoli in No vember, 1915, and invalided back to Australia. He returned in 1916 to the Front, and was wounded and gassed at Bullecourt, and once again sent back to Australia. While away he also earned tJbe Royal Humane medal for rescuing a drowning comrade by diving from the troopship. Warrant officer Carroll, who was made a pre sentation last week by the women's committee of the - Returned Soldiers and Sailors Imperial League, said it hurt him . to be going to the Front again in company with so many young lads, when there were so many able-bodied older men walking the streets of Melbourne. In conclusion he said, 'There's a man's work- at the Front for a man to do, and it's a job worth doing. Tell the boys that are hanging back that they ought to come; they'll never regret it; they'll be proud of it all their days.' Mr. E. Brett has offered to light the streets of Jerilderie with electri city, providing eight 100-candle power lights, burning till midnight, for £73' per annum. The aldermen have de cided to go into the matter. For having furnished an incorrect income tax return on two occasions, a Richlmond, Melbourne, man was fined £175, with £10 10s costs. A Bairnsdale business man, in celebration of the safe return , of his soldier son from the front, recently paid all his employees double wages for the current fortnight.- . Another Bairnsdale man in taking . back . an employee wilo had 'done his bit,' raised his wages by £1 a week. May their example be emulated far and wide. . Mr. P. McGarry, the member for the Murrumbidgee, has broken with the National- Party, and ' has deter mined to sit on the cross benches as an independent. Interviewed, he said he would support the Government on matters, on which he was pledged during the last election. He would observe his responsibility to the electors of the Murrumbidgee ac cording to the general -understanding upon which he was -elected. He ad ded that most of his dissatisfaction was due to thie objectionable and ne gligent administration of the Govern ment. He. referred particularly to such undertakings as Yanco and the management of the Wheat Pool; An other matter that agitated him was the occasional leaning of the Govern ment to sectional interests. Such objectionable legislation as the Sedi tion Bill had hurried him.- to- a de cision. Those of us who have ? forgotten that the Riverina is subject to drou ghts are reminded of Wragge's fore casts. That weather man, who is at present in New Zealand, writes: 'A report is going thle rounds of the Aus tralian press that ? I forecasted seven years of drought. Pray, let me em phatically contradict this perversion of my actual seasonable forecasts, Following, as concisely as possible, is what I actually did say: 1901-2 bad, 'so 'called drought; 1903, improv ing;.1904 to 1909, good seasons; 1910 11, falling off; 1912-13-14, bad sea sons, but intervening rain notwith standing; 1915, improving; 1916 to 1920, good seasons; 1921-22, falling, off; 1923-24, bad drought; 1925-26, improv ing; 1927 to 1930, good seasons. These will be modified by latitiude and physical geography.'. Extensive improvements are being made at the Narandera Shiow ground. It is- estimated that the voluntary work done* including the donation of materials; is- in- the vicinity of £300.. , The Wagga 'Advertiser,' in a lead ing article condemning many of the 'show parasites,' who plied their calling at the Wagga Show last week, gives thie Narandera Repatriation Committee a pat on the back for its sta.nd in prohibiting side-shows at the forthcoming patriotic show other than those run in aid of the Repatria tion Fund. After referring to the trickery of some of these shows, the paper, Says: 'The able-bodied loafers who plied their 'callings' along the avenues of entrance and egress were an effront to the girls and women, who, at great sacrifice of time, work ed in reality .for the men who are fighting to keep whole skins on these masqueraders. It is refreshing to note that at Narandera, where the Show is being held for patriotic pur poses, the committee has decided that there shall be no side-shows. The evident intention is that the public's spare cash, as far as it is laid, out, shall be- devoted to the cause which the exhibition aims to benefit. ? The decision is logical.' The Narandera decision might well be adopted, in other centres.  A Prophet's Predictions. HEAT WAVES,CYCLONES, AND .QUAKES. Australasia is in for a hail time. Past disasters will pale Into Insignificance if tlio predictions of tlie latest prophet-or oven a minimum of them-como to. pass. And there is alwf.ys a chance that one nifty strike It right, and establish a reputa tion for accurnto foresight. Many weather prophets have arisen in Australia of late years, but they have been content to stop at predicting for a year ahead. To Barmedmtn, however, belongs the honor of.producing a prophet who has eclipsed tho predictions of all the names known to Australia. Egeson, Russell, Wragge, Hunt, and the man from Moree are not now in it. The new man is silent as to his system. It may be as simple and as convincing as aching corns in the act of foretelling rain. But whatever it is, neither time nor dis tanco checks its efficacy. Isobaric pres sure, high level stations, kites, barometric observations, and tlio like, which are be lieved to figure largely In the elaboration of the forecast of a day or BO, have been overshadowed. Even Zadkiel, Old Moore, and the other great predictors, have contentod themsolves with hazarding the doings of a day, but the Barmedmau prophet's predictions are onough to make tlio boldest of Australia's citizens shiver In his shoes. Neither Mr. M'Gowen nor Mr. Wade, nor the Egyptian plagues, could promise greater disasters than Mr. H. WMBIi, of Barinedman, who writes, under date May 2, as follows: "During the first part of 1913 there will bo great heat waves, causing many deaths, cyclonic disturbances, causing towns and shipping to be seriously affected, and devas tating floods, causing great loss of life and property. "Droughty conditions will rulo more or loss until 1918. Then there will bo a return to a succession of g.ood seasons. Thore will bo an earthquake in Now Zealand in the year 1912; and an earthquake in Aus tralia beforo 1917; and, owing to tlio great depression that is about (to affect this country, free or assisted immigration to Australia will cease in 1913. The great drought of 1912 will continue until the end of this ye!>r. (Signed) H. Walsh, the Bar mcdman Weather Prophet."  THE RECENT CYCLONE. «Mr Clement L. Wragge writes from (SSt-em (Victoria), under date of March ®Eo; 'Just allotr trie to isay. in 'simple iJBSBce.-'that'if the oefctral weather bur ' 4»(J- in Brisbane hnd bfcpri in v-xiBt-Bipe— (die Anoual ;tob ,for .'nhicSj did not ex jEl,qOO .^per annum — tiiree days' Marnin^ at least would have bo&ii given ofi-the' jtbaoi cyclone off tlie north rest wist trf Amtralia.'  31 INTEIRESTING PREDICTION? In view of the rbcurrence of cyclones over 1the eastern part ,of 'Australia it is Interesting to recall a prediction which was made by Xr. Clement Wragge at the time of the disaster at Makay-. "Atmospheric conditions," Mr. Wragge said, "are very perturbed within lower latitudes than that of Auckland, espe cially over alt North Cape, the Kerma decs, Tonga, Fiji, New Caledonia, Nor folk Island, and the coasts of Queens= land and New South Wales. A close watch should- bd kept on the baro meter. The disastrous storms in Queensland, coupled with the floods, are sufficient indication of the general type of weather, and in various parts of the eastern half of Australia there may, and probably will, be a renewan of such before let April, hence every precaution should be taken. As stated in January, the coast of "Western Aus, tralia,-north from Shark ilay,- may be affected bye- winds of the hurricane type;, and the pearling fleets should be on the alert. I am confirmed in the opinion that the southern edges of the tropical disturbances will pass further south than.usual, and ,their penumbrae may even extend .to the Bay of Plenty and, Ha'wke's Bay, N.Z;, under . cur. rents from between south-east, east, north-east( and north, shifting' westerly; blowing strong; and with a very con -iderable rainfall -before two months have elapsed. These conditions -are mainly due to abnormal solar in fluence."  The Loss of the Koombana. Uft, WEAGGE.S VIEW. TO THE EDITOH Sir,—Just allow ma to say. in (simple justice, that if the Central Weather Bareaa, Brisbane, bad been in existence «crr-!;be annual vote for which did not exceed £1,500 per annuam—three days' warning at least would have baen given of the recent cyclone off the North-West coaet of Australia.— Yours, etc, CLEMENT L WEAQGE Chiltern, Victoria, March 29.—From the " West Australian." W.3 agree most heartily with Mr. Wragge's views, for many readers will probably remember the success achieved by that gentleman whilst in charge of the Queensland Bureau. We remem ber particularly his prediction of a cy clone that struck Victoria in 1896 and whioh did a great deal of damage—par ticularly at Ararat—and the approach of which had been announced by Mr Wragge several -days before the visi tation. Australia is lamentedly back ward in meteorology, as a comparison with America will show. There, weather forecasting has been raised to such a fine art that the farmers follow the advice from the bureau with as much confidence as a hungry man eita down to a good breakfast. Accoiding to Mr. Wragge£1,500 would probably have saved the lives of 130 peoplB, and when we consider the milk-and-water nature of the forecasting that we re ceive in this State something more thorough and practical is urgently re quired.  WESTERN CYCLONE. OPPORTUNITY LOBT. Mr Clement Wratrgo (Chlltcrn). writes:— If the Central Weather Bureau, Bris bane, had been in existence— the annual vote for which did not exceed £1500— three days wurnlnp at least would have been given of the recent We», Aus tralian cyclones.  NO RAIN. AN TJNFAVO____BLE OFT LOOK. j The -eenest d__*&lt;_r>-î_t_-ïnfc will bf* felt | ! on every hand at the news that the pro- mise of rain contained in Thursd-y even- j ing's weather report« is not to be fulfill.'d i for tlie present at all event». Ai an eariy hour on Friday the atmospheric conditions ««eeraed to «Jestrov the hope, and as the day wore on gustv northerly winds set in. i driving clouds of dust over the city etr»_*_ ¡ The position became so bad that it wa-s found niKessary to order out the water car_; to sprinkle th« principal thorough- fare«*-- most unusual proceeding at this time of the .year. Throughout th" day the hill« Avcre enveloped in a thick dust haze, which entirely excluded then, from view, and in localities where there wat, heavy traffic tbe dust was quite as bad as in tiie middle of summer. Reports from all parts of the. country tell 1 of auxiety on the part of the produc-cri owing to the prolonjred absence of rain. Al- ready the pastoral industry has been se riouslv affected, and if rain does not come soon the agricultural operations for this vear will not be so successful' as has been the case durrng recent years, in districts . where lambing is in progress it has been ' found necessary to kill the lambs in order j to save the ewes. There ia an entire a«V sence of feed in nearly all agricultural and Lastoral districts, and the outlook has not been more ¡serious' for many years. Wnere . dairying operations are carried on there has been a great reduction in the yield of muk. In the city and su'ourbs dairymen are feeling the pinch, as iuppiies are run- ning short, and it is excccd.ngly difficult to provide sufficient for all reliar cus-' . ton» ers. . Tor the general weif are of the j State it is much to be hoped that a soaking general rain will .be recorded before many days are over. If not there is every pro- bability that »Mr. Wragge's pied-'ct.on of a hard winter tvill be realised to the full. The weather officer reported at noon »»n Friday-"South Australia seems doomed to disappointment, for conditions this morn- ing point to another failure of the atmtis pherk pressure conditions to bring general ! rain over this State. The chart shows that a rapid change has taken place «nee I yesterdav", the mon«oonal influence being absorbed by a southern low, and the com- bination has been forced southward by another energetic anti-cyclone whi:_ has nushtd in from the ivest coast of Western Australia. This system has extended as far as Eucla, and hitrh pressure conditions still existinz over tlie eastern States the depression is beine forced awav south, t-o that indications now are only for show?ry wealicr over the southern districts, with fresh westerly winds.'' ' The 9 p.m. report stated:-"Except for the far Avcstern districts, where cool j sonth-ire-t winds were blowin". warm ' and unpleasant weather has been experi- enced over thi- State to-day. Temperatures Avere generally over 70 «leg., and the highest shade reading was recorded at Adelaide, viz., 77.8 deg. From later reports condi- tions do not show any improvement in the Avay of bringing a good rain over South Australia, though before the disturbed at .mosphere can become more settled ive may expect some showers over the southern i districts." I WHYTE-YARCOWIE. May 16.-Feed is1 scarce in the paddocks, but most fanu?r-> have sufficient hay to last them through the winter. That they have sufficient in due to the fact that the severe frosts '.'* November compelled many farmers to cut moie of their crop« for hay than they other- wise vyou'd have done. Many lambs, how-j ever, have died. At present the ew«s arei liying chiefly on «eeds. Horses have de pi eciated about 20 peT cent, all round in value, n-hile store cattle and sheep are al- most un-talcablt*. In some instances far- mers are resoiting to artificial feeding of sheep, uring chaffed straw and molasses, i Tlie area under wheat Avili be quite equal ' to la«t year, but seeding operations ara ' somewhat retarded owing" to the dry wei- ther. Nearly all the dams are drv, and the «"cai-city of water for household pur I poses is becoming alarming. Each day ibe weather map jof "The Advertiser'- is eagerly scanned bv anxious residents.' . ¡ WAURALTEE, Mav 15.-Owing lo the long spell of dry weather water is scarce. Mauy peorle ate cart'ng from the sand- ' hills and Mount Rat wells. Should the rain hold off another fortnight the lambing «?easor« will be a poor one. Seeding is in full swinr-. Today a heavy north wind i blew, and there is indication of a good I downpour. - " . THE MAY KAINFALL. AVERAGES AND CONTRAST-. The average rainfall for May at tho chief centres in South Australia reg stered over a long period of years is as follows, the figures being compiled from the useful volume of fitatá-tics published bv Elder, Smith. & Co.: - Place. . Years. Avg. in. Balaklava. 28 1.S3 Bordertown . 27 2X0 Burra. 4P l.PS Crvftal Brook .'.27 1.5S .Glacktone. 20 1.40 Jamestown. 30 1 .«25 Kapunda. -16 2. JO Maitland. 28 _-R Mount Barker. 46 3A~ Mount Gambier .. .. 43 3. IS Millicent. 30 3.10 Orroroo.,14 ISO Port Lincoln. 41 2.51 Port Augusta. 47 LOS Broken Hill. 17 061 Wentworth . 38 1.28 Riverton. ,11 2.24 Snowtown. 27 1.65 I Wallaroo. 41 1.R2 j Wilmington. 28 2.22 Adelaide.-.. .. .ïl 2.74 1 Mallala.24 1.7» Roseworthy. 21 1.45 Hawker.28 1.34 Quorn. 27 hot Hammond. 21 - 0.C6 Booleroo. -5 1-H Port Germein.26 1.55 Port Broughton.24 1.40 'Bute.23 1.50 Laura. 23 1.68 Blyth. 27 1.75 Auburn.43 ? 2.74 Port Wakefield.5M 1.61 Terowie.26 1.13 Hallett. 27 1.51 Saddleworth. .10 2.10 Hamley Bridge.24 1.S0 Fretting.24" 1.57 Angaston. 26 1.01 Willunga. 46 3.33 Yankalilla.40 3.69 Mount Pleasant.32 2.72 Wellington.25 1.52 Murrav Bridge.22 1_S "Mannum. .**- 1.24 Morgan.20 1.0*. Mannahill. 21 0.78 Port Elliston.28 1.97 1 Tumby. 1" L61 . Cowell. 24 1.30 ¡«ircen's Plains. 23 ISO CiiiTamulka.23 2.00 Yorketown. 30 2.14 Edithburgh.35 2.07 I Meningie. 46 2.29 Reachport. 23 3.09 Frances ...'20 2.15 . Narracoorte. 42 "_-13 , L-etndale. »10 2.3S ' Penola. 49 Í.94 Carrieton. 27 1.3-«. Eurelia.28 1.40 Petorsburg. 29 1.26 , Strcakv Rnv. 32 J->1 1 Wirrabara.33 2.09 ¡ Greenock. 28 2.11 ' Lameroo. 10 1.75 Kingscoto. 33 2.57 , Great Fluctuations. ' The fluctuations in the fall for May in tlie vaiiou» centres arc very great, as the fol- lowing exomplc» will show, the year being given in parentheses in each cast?: Lottf»t. Hinhe-t B-laklava .. .. 0.21 (1891. 5ßZ (1883) Ci-vstal Brook .. ÔM OS92« S_!l (1S93. .Tamest-u-a .... 0.2g (1,102) .ï.27 (lSf/.l) Kni.i»nd.i. 0.34 (18951 607 ("""-Si Maitland. 0 3&lt;. n»5in 6.90 (1-S41 ¡ Mount Harker .. 0.56 (1S91, 8.07 (18841 ! Militent. 0.00 Í18901 6.73 nS9.i, Port Lincoln .. n.70 flfi-li 5.18 ?I«»-.',. Wilir«inc*ot» .. .. 0.-G (1 ««..-ii 8.76 f 18841 Adelaide.0.20 d!»i>li 4 09 |lSg71 Quern. Nil (1891) 60- US«) Rlvth. O.Ifi nitWl 625 (lR-Sl Port Elliston '.. 0-67 (1S951 S 44 .îS*»?*i  ©§§'§ Forecast. Following is the forecast is sued by Mr. J. Cumming.Oatg, of Brisbane, for Victoria and South Australia. From December 8 to 15th : — Severe lightning, tropical rains, cyclonic blows, tendency to hail. Then some frost likely in the heights. Mr. Clement L. Wragge, who is now in New Zealand, states that a great disturbance area now visible in the sun must be mwi—Jkaj^eji_tQ_indicate improved sea sons in Australia, Tasmania and New Zealand. Disciples of Mr. J. H. Giddons will be pleased to learn that he forecasts an extremely wet pro gram for next year : rain, in fact, figures largely in nearly every month. February and March will be very wet, with almost in cessant rain ; April-May, show ery ; June will see stormy wea ther, with snow; July, August and September are to bring us rains and frosts, and the three remaining months ''rain, fine and warm weather.' In regard to the present year, it is only fair to credit the S.A. weather pro phet with remarkable correctness in his forecast. Although an ab normally dry program was outlined to date, the fulfilment if anythii g, erred on the side of wetness.  QUEENSLAND WEATHER STATIONS. Mr. Wragge's Work. To the Editor.—Sir,—A* paragraph ap peared in a Melbourne paper of the 17th instant, which stated that Senator MaugJian had requested in the Senate that "a, more efficient system of weather warning stations should be established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast." In this connection I would as!" what has happened to the most complete chains ol observing stations, that I per sonally established there, and equipped with "the best instruments tiiat London can produce, when I was in charge ol the Queensland meteorological service ? I read further that Mr. Hunt lias "com pleted arrangements thai will make Bris bane an up-to-date meteorological sta tion, equipped with instruments specially made to suit the northern climate. Surely there is such a thing as justice in Aus tralia, and that sacred cause may | allow me to speak. Has the best ot my i life's work gone for nothing ? For 1G ! years I was head of the Queensland ; Meteorological Department, and during that time. I established as was admitted, 1 " a meteorological and weather warn- | ing system, second to none in the1 world." The Brisbane station was first class in. every respect, when I had charge, and in ignoring this, a cruel wrong has been done to nic. Is all mv work, 'faith fully done, to the last item uuder most trying circumstances, to be thus nega tived, and not a word of credit accorded in my declining years ? Storms were warned, and forecasts issued by me that were verified at 0U per cent in accuracy, and not only was this done, for Queensland, but for every part of Austral3sia, as the people will remem ber. And nil this 0n an annual vote of £1,500, as against £23,000 (I bcliere), now expended by the federal weather bureau. What do they do with the money ? The Koombana went down, and so did the Yonrala, without* a word of warning by the Commonwealth meteorologist, who a few days ago performed cruelly gro tesque experiments in Melbourne, showing how the latter steamer foundered. Hunt talks ot instruments specially suited, to the northern climate. This is mere moonshine. Standard instruments such as I employed and pcrsonallv fixed in posi tion over the whole oi Queensland, includ ing Cape York" Peninsula, and the far west, are available all the world over, and the sooner the Minister in diargc realises this, and asks a few questions, the heller it will be for -a long .suffer ing public and shipping. Let justice he done, though the heavens fall. Surely Queensland, to which I dc |-votc&lt;l the best years-ot my life, I listen to mv voice. CLEMENT WRAGGK. K.H.G.S.. F.K-, Met,. Soc., &c., ; {Lite Government Meteorologist- of j • Queensland. September 2itb, 1913.  MR. WRAGGES VIEW. To the Editor. §ir,-Just allow me to say, in simple jus- tice, that if the Central -Weather Bureau, Brisbane, had been in existence-the annual" vote for ? which did not ? exceed £1500 per anuum-thres days' warning at least would have be-ín given of the recent cyclone off the ! North-West coast of Australia.-Yours, etc., CLEMENT L. WRAGGE. Chiltern, Victoria, March 29.  i WEATHER CYCLES AND COMETS Mr. W. H. Webb, Bathurst, writes :-Earl; in March Mr. T. W. Keelo gavo an interest lng account of bis investigations on wen thor cycles, und quoted from tho Biblo i support of his theory that "tho 171-yea cycle is tho true periodicity." Ho studio tho Barling Rivor and Laka George floo ?records, - and from thc latter says : . ,"I clearly .shows a period of 57 years." Frbf "tho annual inundations of tho Nile as fa back as 1786 and up to 1905. . .'.'.. i became evident that its period must' :.-b either 114 years or 177 years." Thon h quotes the. late Mr. Symons on Britts rainfall showing 57 years, and histórico events from Walford's and other catalogue as showing 171 years as tho ."regular ir tervnls." Concerning the, 0.71 years cycle I wrote soma timo- ago that lifo was to. short to worry over- a 171-years' cycle and I obBÖrvo that Mr. T. E. Willis is ,o tho samo opinion. It is interesting to sc that Mr. Keele admits that "there wer evidences that . some mysterious influenç affected tho weather every 19 years." Wliei I first road ot Mr. Keele's 171 years' Cycle some "months ago, I wondered whether li. eyer thought- of . a' peculiarity in'his1:? mid Ings, viz., that all of his arguments' ' sup port tho 19 years'' cy'clo,Vso:.!ably",wörke( out for some.time hy .tho late Mr. Russell inasmuch as ha names - a57-ybhrs'¿~ cycle which; is really! .three periods bf j: 19, fyears and his 171-years -cycle is also-, throe?- per, iods, but .of 57'years,'and nine ofthb .1! yoórs cyclo.' "?' ' . '? ?? .'..'..?'.-,. . .. :? i :.. I alwiii'ys; believe,' in looking 'at ¿hC-briglil sido of thïngs.;^hçnco'sjKortl.y.,pft'érjr'eadl'ni Mr. Clement- Wraggd's alarming" statement published on. .. September .,11, ,1908,, thai "tho rainfall in Australia willi now. fall, off but tho coming drought will -probably-.bi not so severe as the'last," in January . 'ol 1909, when I had completed some investi- gations after soyorol months ot very;"'dry weather, I \vroto that good rains wore., not far off. Only d few days later excellent rain foll,. January finishing with 8.70..pbiht'E at Bathurst, nnd tho your turning-but one of tho best for'nine yearB,-not-only, herd, but all 'over tho State. It is now Just 12 months since I wrote regretting that' ' tho Coramonw'cnlth Meteorology Department did not publish tho valuable' Information ' that tho lato Mr. Russell used to. give, - and, as people woro complaining-bitterly about..tho dry spell then prevailing,-especially about Sydney and the South-Coast, both /'being about one-third short, tho . Hunter ! and Manning ono'-quarter .short; 'tho'central west slopes tho same short, tho north coast one-tenth, and south tableland ohc-twclfth short, I said-that Borne of . them, might, re^ asouably expect early relief. ? Every> ono'.bl these had magnificent, rains, and .finished up the year 1009 with great Increases. And since than greater rains hove fallen, even t'o. soverc floods, in several ; parts;.'and waterspouts havo boan sceii* on tho" ocean; Tho important question to now ,'cbnsldor ls: Whnt is probable after tho fearful pours in Europe, on the ocean, and , Bomb parts of'Australia ? The : long dry-spalls since March IQ last, when 114 points fell, and 'only 41 points on April 18, and lion April 24, .together with severo frosts, and good threatenings, but all going away, and other 'bad signs, ona ls . reluctantly com- pelled to fell that somo "mysterious. - in- fluence" is nt work interfering with- tho 19 years'cycle, and that possibly Mr.' Clement' Wragge's drought has commenced. . . Tho passing of the stars Venuls arid Jupi- ter brought nico rains. Tho Aurora 'Aus-, trails brought lovely rains.. Tho. solar eclipse apparently did nothing. It,'is Hui; loy's comet that wo-now look to as tho,, causo of the trouble. ' The last great comet that wo remember was that of 1881. The ' year 1880 was a drought, and this con- tinued lintil 1880 ; and thousands ol live stock died in this . State and Queensland. Creeks dried up about .Bathurst and Orange , that "were never known dry before, lt .has been said that it is 74 years since Halley's comet appeared until' now. That takes us back to 1836 (it appeared in 1885). As a boy. I wall remember my late grandfather often speak of tho fearful drought of 1889. It was long and bad ; and, as wei usually speak of them from the closa, it ls most likely to have started about .1835, ! As severo droughts followed tho appear-: ance of tho coniots In 1885 and 1881, wo. fear it may be a dry time during tho next ' two or three years, notwithstanding! tho' fact that great southern anti-cyclonic belt.' is in tho rainy season. Wo'hàvb had! ,thç. assurance of Mr. Wragge ? that tho drought ' will .not bo so severo as tho . last ;, honed wo 'can rest assured-that tho country: will. survive it.' .'.," '''-?. ''." ':'.'''' ; ' ,"'"" '.i.:.':.'..  THREE DAYS' WARNINC. . PERTH, Wednesday. In connection with .they loss of the Koombaria, Mr. Clement1 Wragge has written to a Perth paper to the effect that if a central weather bureau had been in existence in Brisbane, three days' warning at least would have been given of the recent cyclone which caused the disaster.  " ULYSSES." When Prognostcator Wragge gets busy with antl-cyclones storm-centrs, and drouights, people begin to sit up and take notice. Now tbis waeaher enpert sun donlsy finds ham.eif listening to the voice o1f "Ulynsue," this being his hbghu-floee same for some Sort of a shake-up which Sydney is given twelve days to propare for. .I bane no more definite ktnowledgs of this modern "Ulysses," the Wragge. time favourite, than of the illustrious Ulysses of mvthologi~al days, who played last and loose with the affections of the Sirens of the Aegean Islands. Tht "Ilyssaes" didn't hother Sydney much. from all accounts, nor do I aoticipate that this coming one will be any more terlrifying than a oslitical meeting at ondit or "notice" from a. police-loving cook bent on matrimony. Still, the tlraggcd one's prophcc.in are always entertatning. They're like Tattersall's consultations. You never know. But it it be true that "Ulysses" Is going to chase lts all out of our homes into the "undiscovered country from whose hournms no traveller retlurns," I earnestly appeal to the strife-promoters and strike en gineers one and all to "cease frotm troubling" ulntil the twelve days are uyp. The voice of St. Peter calling the roll srould he drowned by the clamour el discontented workers wrangling over hours and wages were the end to come to-day. So be good, all of you, for a tew days-Wragge may be right this tlme and sing gladly the good old song, "There is a Happy Land." No matter it unsympathetic larrlkins do yell out,' "Where is it?" To Ulysses! Glasses!  THE W,A. CYCLONE CLEMENT WRAGGE'S OPINION. COULD HAVE GIVEN THEEE DAYS' WARNING. PERTH, Aura 9. The proprietors . of the "Daily News" have received a letter from Mr. Clement Wragge, Chiltern, Vic toria, stating that if the Central Weather Bureau at Brisbane had been in exis tence—the annual vote for which did not exceed £1500 per annum—a three days' warning would at least have been given of the recent cyclone off the north-weet coast of Australia. The s.8. Gorgon arrived in Fremantle from the north-west to-day. The cap tain reports on his . experience of the cyclonic disturbance. The journey, which usually occupies one day, took the steamer three.  JTJItE BAINS PROMISED. Mr. Wragge's Forecast. Mr. Clement Wragga haa supplied us with the following special advice and fore ca:i dated Macclesfield, June 2, 6 p.m.:— The antarctic disturbance 'Eneas,' first mentioned in our advice of -May 11, wuen he was to the westward of Kerguelen Island ran *he easting down in high lati tudes, skirtljg the high pressures like an eddy on a backwater of the Murray. Dur ing his passage he developed overlapping tongues of antarctic vapours, which were condensed into coastal rain by the anti cyclonic isobars. After rounding Cape Pil lar, and as was the case wit'n 'Anchises, ' his northern side became fused with a little tropical isobaric loop, and caused the cli max that mainly produced a renewal of floods in New Sout'n Wales, (es pecially in the ilonaro, Gwydir, Robertson, and Werriwa divisions), thu3 interfering, to an extent, with election business, and fully verifying our forecast issued on May 20 at Broken Hill. If readers will kindly refer to our long advice, published on May 13, none can say but that it has been amply verified, especially with regard to the eastern States, and shipping willbear full testimony. .The: weather chart of \May 31 is wrongly delinea ted over south-eastern Australia, and by no process of reasoning can the recent cold rains and wintry south-east gale on the Vic torian coaBt be termed 'monsoonal, espe cially as the sun is nearing the tropic of Cancer. Looking now to the future, the antarctic disturbance named 'Hector *s over the forties south from the Great Bight. As soon' as he rounds Tasma nia and Gabo, and becomes free from the influence of the land, 'Hector' will most probably develop an extension m tongue-like form down the New South Wales coast into lower latitudes. This will produce a renewal of nasty south-westerly to southerly weather, with more rain south from Trial Bay, and strong westerlies at Brisbane. The Victorian and Tasmanian coasts may also- expect another 'doing, and our warning,, is given accordingly. 'Priam' ond 'Hecuba' will follow 'Hec- tor' in course, and we haye reason to De Hnve that ere June expires, the inland districts of South Australia will experience useful intervening rains that will mainly be caused by lunar tides impelling the ant arctic disturbances. But- time proves all thinss, and we shall see! 'Hector' will affect New Zealand within 12 days, and Wellington and Cook's Straits especially will have_ cause to remember him. Thus the Dominion is hereby specially advised, and shipping cannot be too careful. —Official Notes.— The following report was issued from the Observatory at 9 P-m. on Tuesday:— Cloudy conditions prevailed throughout Tuesday at Adelaide, sad. towards evening a 'fight shower fell. Similar conditions were ex perienced throughout South Australia, but the, extreme south-east 'reported the only measurable radn. A depression passed south of the State at 4 pjn., and its in fluence locally was sDght. Barometers are rising. A few showers may be. expected on Wednesday, chiefly confined to the south and south-east.  THE GOSSIPY WAY. “ Gossips are frogs, they drink and talk." " Outlandish Proverbs." A paragraph iu a daily paper stated 41the Russian Duma has decided that women will be admitted to the bar.’ More work for the temperance party • Tho laud in which a Parliamentary general election is about to take place is invariably a land of promise, uud the period immediately preceding the elrdious is :i promising season, for tbc candidates, every one of them, are full of promisee. Apparently the candidates arc imbued with the nelief that Parliament id tho right sort of place for a promising mau. When 1 think of candidates for P.M-liaineut J pnuder on the Japanese table which relates that once upon a time there was a mau who told au elephant that lie would take tbe animal into paradise, it he would only let him ride on his back to make the trip. The clepliaut nodded a consent aud the mau and tho auima! started iu quest of the beautiful world, the mini guiding the reins with his euuuing intellect, the elephant trotting lurward with ponderous feet. Thu goal was at last readied, bill when the doors of paradise were ajar, the mau slippud in leaving the elephant behind to his grief aud disappointment. Of course, iu IboBU enlightened political days iu Australia when we have such great aud trustworthy parties as Liberal uud Labor, there is no such thing as leaving the elector out iu tho cold Certainly not! Talking about honesty. A Hobart lawyer was rcceiviug change over the eountor iu a local bu>iuuss place the other day when, be observed that 1 lie mau behind the counter had given him )>/- too much ia change. “ You have given me M/- too much,” said the lawyer. Tho man behind the couulcr was thunderstruck whuthor at the eircumstauee that he could make such a bloomer as giving •V* too much in change, or whether at the circumstance, extraordinary though it perhaps may be that a lawyer had of his own free will intimated that lie, the lawyer, was receiving too much. A recount of the change proved that the mau behind the counter bad made a mistake, and as he returned the 3/- to the till he warmly dilated on tbe honesty of the lawyer. “ Ah!” said the latter, “ you have had experience of at least one honest, lawyer.” “ Yes,” replied the business mau, “ seeing is believing1” And the honest lawyer aforesaid may at any rate find consolation iu the old Scottish proverb that honesty nmy be dear bought, hut can ne’er bo au ill pennyworth. * * * * Continuing tho observations on honesty. Wc hear a good deal just now about the best policy for the country. How about trying honesty as a policy, if only by way of a change Y Perhaps tbe reasons why it is not given a turn, may be found iu tbe w?ords of a writer who knew something about politics, Disraeli I think it was, when he wrote that no man could be honest and succeed in politics. Presumably ho meant that no man could be honest in politics, aud did not mean tbe whole gamut of honesty. Anyhow', it must be admitted that most Federal politicians arc honest, if we accept the indications of their success. Apparently Shakespeare’s injunction, “ to thine ownFclf be true,” is as applicable to the Federal politicians as to anybody else, for they certainly have looked after themselves. Whether they have also looked after tho interests of their bleeding country I prefer uoi tu discuss, fur the tired feeJiug is ou ouc. April Fool’s day wae kept up laal Monday with the usual curemmiirh incidental to the occasion, us quite n uuuiber ol the inhabitants ol the city aud suburbs and other places can testily. The idea of April fools possibly arises from an ancient ndinn that the springtime was specially fruitful iu folly. There is au old French proverb which alleges that when beaus are in tlowcr fools are in full sireuglh. Seems to mo that the Uuvernmout of this State iu fixing the mouth of, cither with or without iulent prepense or aforethought, for the J Parliamentary general elect ions, were having a joke to themselves. Without doubt (hern will bo a fair number of fools about oncloctiou day who will exorcise their votes in a nmuuer which will puduco the reduction “ forgive Ibom for they know not what * they • do.” * • Hast or is at hand. It is tho season prolific of “ Didn’t know it was loaded ” pars iu the daily newspapers, when Bhootiug parlies organised by bojB and others go forth for tbo purpose of killing the wily rabbit or the feathered songster with lead, but very often vary the programme by emptying the contents of the blunderbus iufo a member of the shooting paily. Than the cry goes forth “ I didn’t kuow it wan loaded.” Perhaps Rome enterprising member ot Parliament will introduce a measure next session making it compulsory For every member of a lad’s shooting parly lo have hie head road in order to ascertain if the said head is sufficiently loaded with intelligence toonable the bearer of the head, aud incidentally of tho gnu, to know when the gnu is loaded and when it isn’t. This timely paragraph may bo the means of agitaiing the bump of caution and thus act as a life savor during the Easter holidays. . * • • Reported that there is a rnsh on the part of the ladies to amend, alter, or vary the ages given by them on the census retnrnB. The object of tbe rush is lo avoid the liability of a rather heavy fine for not having told the truth, and nothing bnt tbe trnth. 1 was always under the impression that Mr King O’Malley, Minister for Domestic Affairs, waB a cate sort of fellow, but my opinion is rather shattered in regard to the matter of the ladies ages. - There was no necessity for the Minister to make any fuss. All that was needed was lo say nothing aud quietly add 7 to tbo admitted age of every lady, and of every girl of tho age of reason, or unreason, aud lo ! tho correct age would be there or thereabouts revealed. My experience has taught me the wrinkle. Expcriontia docet. « • • • Mr Clement L. Wragge, known to fame as a prognosticator of weather happenings, has written to the press stating that if the Central Weather Bureau, Brisbane, of which he was formerly chief, had been in existence, three day’s warning at least would would have been given of the recent disastrous cyclonic disturbance oil' the north-west coast of Australia. The Brisbane bureau cost about £1,500 a year aud was devoted to the service of the whole of Australia, but the Federal Government substituted therefor a weather department of its own. Undoubtedly Wragge’s bureau appears to have been a much more economical, and perhaps more effective weather prophet business than the Federal department. W raggo had the faculty, aud still has, 1 presume, of kuowing suinu days beforehand when tho weather lutcudcd to go ou tbo jag, aud thus was able to rcudor signal service to ihosc who go down to the sea iu ships. Porhaps Wraggo’s liking for his business is probably due to tho name bostowed ou him fay his parouts, viz., Clement, aud he determined to go to the other extreme and to bu known as Inclement Wraggo. People also called him a wet Wraggo, but evou a wet rag has its uses. And now, when the calm has settled down after the terrific storm north-west of Australia, tho voice of Clement Wraggo is heard calling from the village of Chiltoru, in Victoria, that tho Fodoral weather authorities cannot soo beyond tho length of their weather uoso, and that a cyclone is ablo lo play the diekous and break things before tho aforesaid authorities are aware that it is ou the premises. • * • > That extremely useful section of the community which raises its voice shortly after sparrow-chirp in the mornings and announces “ Fish alive ’o,” doputationised the Mayor and aldermen the other morning with the request that better conditions should be brought about in relation tu tbe methods of marketing fish. Tbe hawkers allege that there is a corner ” in fish in Hobart, and that tbe hawkers don’t get a fair chance to procure either quality or quantity. Seems to mo that this matter requires the oloBe investigation of the City Fathers. The waters which lap tho shores of tho Derwent litorally team with fish, and yet citizoes have to pay through tbu nasal organ when they Btarl out to take a fish homo, unless they gel it off tho barrows or off tbo fishing smacks which now and again sell alongside the wharf. If the fish retailed by the barrow men arc, as they allege, not the height of quality which they would like, thuu tbe proper authorities should uprise and ask a question or two. Fish is a delectable breakfast item, and is warranted to add untold power to brain strength. Such being the case the matter should interest our politicians. With cheap fish tbc politicians would have no excuse fur refraining from properly equipping themselves. Gariiyowen.  WRAGGE'S PROPHECIES. ? iB\ — The weather prophets of this district, with whose reputations the fuuetionary controlling tho weather department of Nature's administration has played skittles, may take some consolation from tho fact that the big gun meteor ologist, Clement Wragge, has badly missed, not only tho bull's oye, but also the whole target at which he did some long distance shooting in 1914 (says the Dubbo 'Dispatch.') Look ing through old files of tho 'Dispatch' we find that in October, 1914, he rash ly essayed to foretell the weather con ditions for a period of 10 years. 'During 1914,' said Mr. Wragge at the time stated, 'tho rainfall will be under the average. This by no means implies that there will be no rain. On tho contrary, good intervening rains will occur, and tho last part of this period will be better than the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards the rainfall will markedly increase, aud from 1916 to 1920 inclusive the seasons will be distinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to steadily fall off, and the worst part of the next great 'under average' period will be 1923 and 1924. Australians will be justified In calling that a drought. In 1925 matters will begin to improve, and good seasons will prevail from 1925 to 1930.' These forecasts, explained Mr. Wragge, are mainly basod ou the physical condition of the sun with respect to its maxima and' minima moods, moving in cycles o£ 11 ycarB. Just now we are neariug the end of the solar iniuiuium — or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we on earlli have no conception, were least violent. Jt would seem that Mr. Wragge 'e prophecies, like dreams, inufct be in terpreted by contraries. In other words, if Wraggc says it is going to rain, you may bet your bottom dollar it will be fine. As Mr. Wragge predicted that 1918 would be a fat year, and failed miserably, there is reason to bcllevu thiil, instead of a bad period being en tered on with the advent of 1920. the earth will give forth its fruits in abun dance, and Jupiter PluviUB will be iu benignant mood. We are also inclined to believe that if Mr. Wraggo would confine his investigations to things mundane— «s the Dubbo weather pro pheU do— -nBt»ad of straining his eyes looking for «pot« on the sun, h« wouia be e better w«eth»r tipster.  GENERAL CONFERENCE. ^^S IT 1 Lj KiN1 hiD OUT, ,it_was a fortunate circum stance that the General Conference was post- . poned from the 22nd of May to the 12tli ? of '.Times. The floods in the Hunter Valley seriously ' interfered with tlie railway traffic last week, and would have prevented the delegates from reaching Brisbane at tlie date originally named. At the time of this pres ent writing, the weather is still unsettled, and Mr. Clement Wragge has predicted another cyclonic dis turbance as likely to occur. We can only hope that the fates will be propitious, and that nothing will occur to prevent the Conference assembling in its full strength in Brisbane on the evening of the 12th proximo. Active preparations are being made in the northern capital for the reception and entertainment of the visiting delegates, and for tlie public meetings that are to form part of the programme. In addition to the opening session, there will be a welcome ban quet and the official opening of King 's College during the first week. A Foreign Missionary meeting, Metho dist ..Family Gathering, Young People's Demonstr: tion, and Public Questions Evening are fixed for the second week: The' speakers -will- be selected from the several State Conferences. Owing to local circum stances, there has been great delay in the issue of the Conference Agenda, but we hope that it will lie in the hands of the delegates before this paragraph sees the light. We are making special arrangements for a good report of the Conference proceedings, and hope to publish one or two specially illustrated num bers during its currency.  Yingerbay. (From our correspondent) June 3. Now: that we have had a splendid fall of 268 points of rain, the farmer that reduced knowledge or theory to use; and kept Ids -wheat sound and dry in the bags until he was sure that the soil was in a condition to ger minate every, pickle of wheat, will have to gird around his loins in imita tion of the apaches of France, or carry a scythe to protect himself from the insufferable boredom of the blokes that really knew, it was going to rain on the first of June, and just whipped in their seed, don't you know, ail but about a £ of an acre, when down came the rain. If we can judge by what we read, neither Ogg, Hunt, Wragge, nor any of the host of mete orologists knew is was going to rain. If they did, they guarded it as a scientific secret The highly paid officials, with costly instruments and data to work upon, who make a study of atmospheric! phenomena, pever gave the slightest hint to the man on the land that this splendid downpour of rain would happen. It looks as though they had a strong suspicion that; the comet foreboded drought, notwithstanding the fact, writes Mr. "Webb,, "that the great southern anti-cyclone belt is in the rainy season.'' Wheat raising at its rainy season.'' Wheat raising' at its best is only a gamble with the ele ments, butthe man who soijra. with the chance of having to resow; and replow is a. plunger iwjho "don't lay to his book,' and whe^n he strikes rain to suit and brags he knew, he wants locking up until every one has hi* wheat underground. None of the prin cipal bush signs of rain were in evi dence, The beef ante made no vision as they usually do; the busy (working; hard dose by did not wax up the entrance toi the hive; the-mack; cockatoo cam© nbt-to herald thef glad some news ; the storm bird gave no [warning shriek * even the mill/whistle ;was not heard at Warooby—and yet it rained 426 points, a neighbor states* batf a ai& Um ta  Meteorological Notes15. 1897.-A Very Bad Year. If there is anything in the theory of three good years and three bad ones, we have it illustrated in the eighteen hundreds. I have shown in previous articles that the years 1894-6 were favorable ones for rain; indeed 1896, until this year was a record for coastal and central country floods. The year of cyclone, floods, and disaster was followed to use the words of my records by a very bad year." It will be interesting to re- member if next year will be a dry one, following the excessive wet opening of 1917. The year 1897 com- menced wth the rain totals below the average over most of the State. They were above the normal in the Cen tral Division, also around the Gulf, near Cunuamulla, and between Surat, Miles, and Taroom. In February rain was registered in most of the eastern districts, but the totals were below the average generally over the State, except at one or two isolated places. Like in the previous month rain in March was below the average gene rally, but above in small isolated patches. April rainfall was much he low generally. No ram fell west from the coast disrticts-1« inches below at Innisfail (where it is always supposed to be raining), 5 inches be low at Mackay, U inches below at Brisbane. May was very dry and be low average generally- Again no ram fell west from coast districts. Totals slightlv above normal between (filbert River. " Maytown, and Herberton. To tals for last six months show Imsfail 69 inches below normal, Mackay ii inches below normal, Rockliamptou 17 i inches below normal, Brisbane 14 inchcs below normal. There was a tecovprv in June, as rain fell and was above the average all over most of the State, except coast districts from Townsville southward, round tho Gulf and Peninsula north from Fairview; also over an area extend ; jnjr froui tin* Gulf towards Ayrshire Downs and Hugheuden, and fTT thsvc eastwavd to tho poaboanl. iJut it did not continue. Practically no lulu fell inland in July, but H was labovn -normal -Monsr th* coast south i from Jiowen and generally south-east !i om liiie joining St. George and Gayndah. also on the north coast be tween Cooktowii and Innisfail. In August raiu was generally below the average. A. littio raiu was registev ed on the north coast, otherwise no rain > fell over the the western and northern halves. The totals were above the average on the coast Be tween Bowen and Gladstone and ex tended inland to Muttaburra, also (was slightly above on south-east Darling Downs and near Gjmpie. ! There were fair rains iu the north in I September. South from a looming Monkira, Ayrshire Downs, Hugheu den. Pentlaijd, Ravenswood, Elgin Downs, Muttaburra. Forest Vale, Taroom. and Rocbhampton the ram was above normal; also above fj"°m Herberton northward to Coen. Rest of the State below the average. Octo ber was a good wet month, and above the average generally, except across the base of the Peninsula^ and be tween Blackall, Ada vale, and Foiest Vale; also over southern Maranoa and Peninsula between Coen, .*? crave and Cooktown. November w as a bad mouth generally, but the ram was above the average between Mut taburra, Taroom, and Mackay; also near Brisbane and on the extreme north of the Peninsula. Decenibei was a fairly, wet month; above noi mal north and welt of a line joining Cardwell, Gilbert River, Carandotta, Boulia, and just west of Birdsville; also between Townsville, Pe"u"Vd' Eeiu Downs, and Mackay, and ver> Ky south'of Tropic of Capricorn, and east from Charles ille. Below the average in most central and south-western districts The year summed up was a very bad one °nl> isolated patches were above the an nual average. The largest.areas above the normal were in the Gulf country from Burketown and eastward of Donnors Hill, and most of the Darling Downs. In the coast districts the following figuies for the six months (Decembei, 1S9G, to May, 1917) give some idea of the drv snell:-Inisfail was 69.08U1. oe Ifow normal; Mackay, 32.17i^; Rock hampton, 17.4Siu.; and Brlehane, 14.34in. __ So mucli for generalities, we wm have a look at some of the,records for the vear taken in the widely-dis SbS* centres, but that during the yeaT 1897 haa in creased from 502 to 504. Taking first Blackall as the central meteoro-oh sorvation station we find that during the year the total was only of which (all the following will he in points of 100 to the gauge inch), 370 points fell in January, June had 332, September 119, 0c^b,er December 100. No rain fell 'a April, May, and November; other mondis under an inch. Rain fell on 44 days. Taking the Central Highlands-Lo gan Downs had 1955 on 32 days, Alpha! 1656 on 48 days; BoganUn gan, 1893 on 57 days; c°met, 2325 on 52 days; Duaringa, 3112 on 60 days. Emerald, 2382 on 50 days. So that east of the Range the best rains fell. Northampton Downs measured 1" 15 on 51 days; Terrick Terrick ,208a ob 60 days. Centralj Lowlands -Alice Downs, 1374 on 27 days; Alice,1720 on 45 days; Aramac, 1343 on ZB days * Barcaldine, 1462 on 65 days; Barcaldine Station, 1545; Beacons fleld, 1154 on 21 days; Bowen Downs. 1100 on 30 days; Coreena, 1289 oii 33 days; Darr River Downs, 1545, Emmett Downs, 1485 on 33 days, Evesham, 1183 on 20 dayB; Evora, 1642 on 23 days; "^acomba had just commenced, and haft »2 in ember only on four days; Iais Downs, I 1270 on 31 days (no days for Octo ber); iBlsford, 1351 on 29 dayB; Jdricho, 2307 on 36 days; Kensing ton Downs, 1537 on 27 days; Long reach, 1306 on 26 days; Malvern Hills, 1416 on 43 'days; Maneroo, 990 on 23 days; Mount Cornish, 9086 on 39 days; Muttaburra, 1810 on 37 days; Portland Downs, 1209; Rockwood, 1136 on 31 days; Ruthven, 1555 on 29 days; Saltern, 910 on 23 days; Sal tern Creek, 1540; Stainburn, 1316 on 40 days'; Tangorin, 1274 on 33 days; Wellshot, 1673 on 22 days; West land, 839 on 21 days. Taking a few items from tlxe Upper and Lower Western we find Winton scored only 920 on 28 days; Boulia, 531 on 27 days; Currawilla, 478; Bimerah, 918 j on 16 days; Diamantlna Lakes, 674 ou 26 days; Jundali, 657 on 24 days; Glenorniiston (taken up by the late James Tyson as a cattle ranch), 337 ?on 9 days; Palparara, 445 on 17 days; Windorah, 505 on 28 days; Pne pah, 614 on 11 days, the heaviest fall being two inches in January, 120 in March, 155 in June; there were six dry months, including February; Charleville had 1882 on 32 days; Tambo, 1731, and St. George 1220. In my previous article I mentioned that 1SS6 was the year of extraor dinary rains and cyclonic disturb ances in the North. Wragge's pre dicted hurricane "Sigma" fell with full force ou Townsville and did very great damage. It would be interest ing to compare that year's rainfall with the present, 18#0" figures being in parenthesis:-Cairis (9424). 6651; Port Douglas (94E1), 5802; Towns ville (6670), 5024; Uowen <6507), 3523; Mackay (7138 >, 1662; liouk hampton (5981), 3150. It will be lioted the difCerenec is not eo great considering. As already pointed out drought con ditions prevailed in the earlier part of the year all over the State, the first five months being particularly dry. There had been a succession of dry months since Feb. 1896, except for partial rainfalls recorded dur ing the months of April, July, and November of that year. The condi tions over most of the southern half of the Stale were, however, relieved by good rains in June and September, 1897, but it was not "until December of that year that rain sufficiently heavy to break up the drought for the time being occurred over the Northern districts of the Gulf country. In May, 1897, the Official Observer in connection with the Meteorological Dept. obtained reports from many parts of the State. From these re ports it appears the Central-West was not in a really serious condition, but in the Northern hinterland the drought was being sorely felt. Itich mond Downs reported: Managers of neighboring stations ; assert that drought conditions not yet in evi dence, but grass and water becoming scarce much sooner than expected; heavy winter rains anxously looked for. Tarbrax reported that grass was more plentful than it was dur ing the previous year. Bedourie says: -"Driest season experienced for 14 years." Glenorraiston: - ''Drought compares favorably with that of 1892." Hammond Downs:-"Drought most severe and of long duration." In the Central Highlands Emerald Downs states:-"Existing drought worst ex perenced lor years." St. Helens made a similar report. .The general reports I from the Darling Downs were that the drought was the worst experienced since 1SS3. Stock iif good order, but grass very scarce; country in bad' position to face winter. Westbrook says:-"The most serious drought experienced during residence of 25 years." Of course so much dry weather in the earlier part of the year induced heat, and the glass soared fairly high on occasion. At Charters Towers it was reported that the thermometer on the 24th January marked 100 degs. at 10 p.m. Frosts were experi- enced from mid-June right up to the end of August. On the 26th and 27th the min. temperature at Stanthorpe was 28degs. The frosts appear to have been general over the Darling Downs and Logan districts; there were no abnormally cold days in the Central-West. On the 25th Jan. there was a cyclonic hailstorm at Bunda- berg; on the 25th Sept., a severe hailstorm at Maryborough; on the 1st November a severe storm with unprecedented hail, passed over Bris- bane. On the 8th March there was a grasshopper plague in the vicinity of Cairns and Georgetown. On the 8th July Bowen reported that ticks were numerous, and red water prevalent in the district. In July it was stated that ticks were prevalent at places here and there in the northern districts. On 28th Decem- ber an unusually violent storm pas- sed over Brisbane. On the 23rd July Toowoomba had a fall of snow; all the streets houses, fences, trees, &c., were covered with a white mantle. There had been a similar visitation some years previously. On the 16th June at Croombit (five miles from Cania, Gladstone district), a shock of earthquake was felt just before sun- rise, accompanied by a noise like two heavily-charged blasts, explod- ing, one after the other, at a great depth below the surface of the ground. The ground trembled, and the furniture in some of the houses moved. The motion appeared to come from the west. About ten minutes later a rumbling noise, like thunder far away to the eastward was heard. cjj  Wragge's Forecast. weather wizard's warnings. There aro many people who Inugb at Mr. Clement Wraggc, and heap ridi cule on bis long-distunco forecasts, de claring that Wraggc is a fnuatie. Sensible people neither deny nor ac cept. Mr. Wragge's prophecies — they wait for results. Sensible people have their own common theories of the morlts of Wragge's forecasts, but thoy know that the philosophy of the lay man is often blown to smithereens by I the empiricism of the scientist. And I whether Clement tho Counter of Sun I Spots tic u modern Merlin or the gen uine ail-gohl prophet is not proved or disproved by the disputations of those who swear by him and those who re gard him ns a charlatan, or a chap that bus a bee iu his bonnet. How ever, the Weather Wizurd, by his fu ture readings of two years ngo. is en titled to respect, even though oue lobe of the brnin tuny say that it is the long nrm of co-incidence, and the other declare "There you are; I told you These remarks arc prompted by a prophecy of Wraggc dictated just oti two years ago to u pressman. Tho re port has been handed to us by Mr. T. A. N'icholttv, who is ever raking up something tram the dusty archives ot the years that huvc gone. Wo should I not wonder if uext wo heard of Mr. | N'lcholus becoming an archaeologist—' L he'll find his true vocntiou some day. - But that's neither here nor there. All that we ask tho scoffers to do Is to read tho subjoined report, and let us know if they still are sceptical. It was in October, 1814, that a re- presentative of tho Auckland "Stnr" interviewed Mr. Wraggc at tho Inttcr's home, and this is how the journalist describes what took place — what Mr. Wraggc did and said: The Elusive Sunspot. "Tho meteorologist," says the re port, "fetched a hugo telescope, for midable as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting rays of tho sun, nnd al lowed a bright half-crown of light from the lens — tho photograph of tho sun — to play on a whito blotting pud. "No suuspots and no rain just yet," was his rueful verdict, "l'vo bcou expecting one just lately. It Bhould appear to-morrow or the next day on tho edge of tho suu, and when it works to tho centra conditions will bo favor able to ruin." Tho prophet next gave tbo barometer a professional rap, jotted a figure, aud dubiously said "Umph." Producing a chart of the Australasian regions, he went outside to test the direction oi tbo wind to find tho lay of tho low atmospheric pressure region, aud thou commenced to rapidly draw wavy "isobars" on tho chart. Looking Ahead. Mr. Wraggc has computed forecasts for tho soasous of Australia up till 1U30, and those, ho says, aro applicable to Now Zcaltfnd, with slight modifica tions, owing to physical and geogra phical seasons. During 1814 and part of 1813, ho says, tbo rainfall, taking Australia as a whole, will bo uudcr the average. This by no moans implies thnt tlicro will bo uo rain. On the contrury, good intervening rains will occur, ami the last part of this period will be better than tho first. From tho middlo of 1815 onwards, tho rain fall will mnrkedly increase, and from 1810 to 1820, inclusive, tho aeasouswill bo distinctly good, with ubundunt pre cipitation. After 1020 the raiufull will begin to steadily fall off, and tho worst part of tho next great "uudor average " period will bo 1823 and 182-1. Austra lians will bo justified in calling that a drought, in 1825 matters will begin to improve, ami good seasons will pre vail from 1825 to 1838. Those forecasts, explained Mr. Wraggc, aro mainly bused on the physical condition of tho stm with re spect to its maxima and minima moods, moving 111 cycles 01 cicvcu years, oust now wo arc nenring the end of the solar minimum — or the period when tho fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which wo on enrth hud uo con ception, wore least violent. Tho maximum period' .would com mence at tho end of 1815, and until then, although ho did not expect the seasons to bo so bad as thoy hud been, abnormal rains must not he anticipat ed. Intorvcuing ruins in New Zealand should givo u heavier fall than in Aus tralia. In tho drought ho predicted Now Zealand would not suffer to tho Bii.iiv cxicui as Australia, owiug 10 us climato being insular, whereas that of the latter was continual.  A GOOD GENERAL RAIN. AGRICULTURAL AREAS BENEFITED. Whether as "Lisbeth," to quote Mr. Cle- ment Wragge, or merely as a "depression," using the language adopted by the Com- monwealth weather officials, the steady rain that fell on Friday night over the agricul- tural areas of South Australia will be re- ? .nembered as the turn in the tide of this . State's agricultural outlook, which has been anything but promising for some months past. The fall, generally speaking, was light in character, but following the ebowere earlier in the week, it will be suf- ficient to give the grain a fair start, and should further winter rains be experiericed, the agricultural position should be re- covered to some extent. Reports from various country centres are now of a more encouraging nature, and as the long spell of dry weather has at last broken, it is hoped more rain will be experienced a* an early date. Nearly all stations had half an inch The weather office report on Saturday .wa« as follow«:-"Cold, fresh weather is general throughout the State this morning, and over parts of the southern districts light showers oc- curred. The rainfall reported at 8 o'clock was/on the whole, of a very useful charac- ter. _ Falls were' recorded at practically all stations south of Blinman, varying from a few points at some upper northern places to l18 at Mount Pleasant. On Yorke Peninsula the best rain was at Stansbury, where 60 points were registered. At Moonta the gauge showed 50 pointe. In the Pinnaroo country the falls Varied from 25 points to about 40 points, while in the middle north the average was upwards of 30 points. At Millicent 60 points, and at Mount¿. Gam- bier l8 points were recorded. Barometern are now rapidly rising under the approach of a large high-pressure system, which wa* yesterday shown pushing in over the wes- tern State." . -Further light showers were recorded over 'the greater part . of the central and southern parts of the State on Saturday, annny .stations reporting from 2 «io r7 point« up to 3 p.m., and light scattered showers fell over the southern districts on Sunday morning, but finer conditions ex- tended from the west and north quickly, and the greater part of the day on Sunday was fine and fresh. To the westward, iver. Western Australia, a large anti-cyclone prevails, and this system has made good progress eastwards, the barometer at Ade- laide having risen from 29.58 in. on Friday afternoon to, 30.45 in. on Sunday after- noon, or nearly nine-tenths ' of an inch. This Is rather unusual. . The Government I Meteorologist says that 'anti-cyclonic con- ditions .are liKely to prevail during tne next few days, with probably a misty shower or two, and a return to frosty weather 'shortly. ?»*'-, - . "^REPORTS FROM THE . -\ COTJiNTRY. ,i. * ' . ' y» ^BEST RAIN THIS YEAR. . .1 . Laura, July 10. . A. splendid downpour set in last night, j and .continued this morning, over half an ¡rich', having fallen, with every prospect of more.'.. This is the best rain we have had .for'jthe year, and folio-wing on tbo nice rain of last Wednesday, should give every- thing a good start. Wheat is coming np on most farms, and there will not be so much need for resowing as was at first .wnticinated. , > ' ? ' f$OW AT BELALIE NORTH. Î Belalie North, July 19. rfteady rain set in last night, with strong winds from a westerly direction, followed by a snowstorm early this morning, cover- ing the ground a couple of inches. At half past 10 snow was still lying in sheltered ppotc. > About 40 point» of rain fell. (This js the best rain in the district for this «ea- t-on. Not tinea 1886 has a winter been knptrjn-'to JjpW^V^'y^dr^'asithe'-ptreiwnt' one.- Up(till-yesterday there had not been sufficient rain to start the wheat, although. it had come np in patches without any rain since it was sown.-,. One-remarkable; '. feature is a Email paddock of about 12 acres which is well up, and stands about 6 in. high and apparently thick enough for a good crop. 'Since this crop was sown the rainfall up till to-day had not exceeded 40 pointu, and in'one fall it had not ex- ceeded l8 points. Many paddocks are* a» ba&lt;> as the day they were sown, and "thing«»/ in general until to-day looked , anything but promising. .Many far- mers were Water-carting. The frosts have killed many plante "that had not been known to-ba injured by it before. Even gum trees have been stripped of their green foliage. Frosts h^tve been " on the «round for three days before melting. Lambfl are having a bad time. Some far- mers had to destroy them in order to save the ewes. Horses arc being sent to other districts. It ia feared that^mnch of the . wheat has malted: some of it has been town for four months. * CROPS ON THE MURRAY. Kingston-on-Murrayt July l8. The much-needed rain has just set in, md looks likely for a good downpour. But . it has been» threatening so often that we mnnot be sure until we have had it. 'The crop« around here are looking wonderful considering the dry spell. Feed out back -from here is plentiful. J " - &lt;.- WATER-CARTING ATBBA. ' * Eba, 'July IB., Some rough weather was ex- perienced here last night with a few K fhowct«, but not sofficicnt to make water run into dams, most of which are dry. Water-carting is being steadily carried on; SHOWERS AT PINNAROO. Pinnaroo, July 19. V ,Good shower» fell last night. Forty-nine points were registered during the last three days. RAEN AT CUMMINS. Cnmmins. July 10. Ninety-five points of rain fell here this week. It is still showery. RAIN AND SNOW AT PETERSBURG. Petersburg, July 19. After a iew days of dusty weather heavy fain set in last night, but did not continue long. The wind was strong, and thowersifell duringthe night. This morn- ing there were further showers from thï west, followed by a good fall of snow. Alro ..jtcther 27 points of rain were registered. The agricultural prospects are brighter, though many householders have still only email supplies of rainwater. FEATHERED METEOROLOGISTS. j Huddleston, July 19. ' It is behaved that «onie birds can at ames accurately predict the advent of rain. A resident here has-on many oeea rione. predicted the coming of rain, two days ahead, by observing the actions of a locally rare specimen of the feathered tribe which twitters and dances merrily round his residence about 4S hours before rain. The resident states that the bird has never yet failed him. _ Another case of the ordinary blackbird- or shepherd's com- panion telling of oncoming showers is on record. This bird pecks at the window all day long prior to a rainfall of any note. Unfortunately, however, thw latter bird has not proved so reliable as the first, as on one occasion rain failed to come after his prediction. Twenty-three points of rain wore registered on Tuesday night, three on Wednesday night, and six on .Sunday night. This ehould bring up'all fhe later sown wheat. Last season, with less than normal rainfall, the country round here returned au average of 19 bushels per acre, whilst during the exceîsiTely wet 6eaion.« the average was only about 13 bushels. EARLY-SOWN CROPS PROMISING. Wallaroo, July 19. .Acceptable rains have again fallen and will, dw sreat good to the wheat and bring on the feed, which is short. Tne early-sown crops in sandy land« are mon promising. TRURO. July 20.-Heavy showers of rain fell here yesterday and again last night. Eighty-one points were registered. The drought is broken up, and the water diihcultv in the town is ended. COLTON, July 20.-Magnificent rains fell yesterday and last ui-^ht. Shower» fell ¿gain to-iiay.  SACCE'S REDICTIONS.t 0 tto" writes : F.G.S., who S.ckuovledged to be the S::",trlty i Australasia on . hri Y ',? , . l sti ng, u "i nceat the Warragul that there was a vital and i .tiou between the condi-I .iiut1 on the sun, and the ilil s eislic disturbances r:ticue t What are popu , n p;t ? n spots" are really I cataclysms, taking tleU here of the sun as Sinterual convulsions, the r and energy of which we uleo a.lequate conception. • i~a outbursts which create ( atmospheric vortices fifty Seih thousand miles in ---ject manetic waves-on te p rinci ple as the Mar es tel vegraphic waves-with irfel velocity that they reach ~a distance of 03,000,000 the course of a few hours ',1 riably produce magbnttic oef which the aurora borea Syilnaves, cyclones, floods and .cs are the visible effects. an storms are Feriodic. The oneurred in 1905 and rain is asudautatsuch peiods. Then a reversion to the minima ain is scarce and this period ...,hing now, but as the last iP h unduluy prolonged the u ould not'be reached until Every agriculturist should fr this period of dryness, for the predicted "drought" not be so severe as on the last ° ing to the influence of rPlanetary ooales, Mr Wragge the farmers to make ample for it. At first the mention uection between "sun spots" jaCpheric conditions on the SDened so remote, that the andi 0bt well be excused for failing c its significance, but when the oel lecturer explained the thesis khich he based his calculations, , him to forecast so accurately, ýntifie fact of solar influence crth conditions l as made more a~fnifist. Wireless telegraphy -iv helped to illustrate the Cfifct oof the ether waves, t. causad by the tremendous upheavals in the sun, and :caiivable velocity with which s::.,as well as their pronounced : go earth conditions, when ?1 re this planet.  G 0 RBESPOH D E N C E. THE WESTERN AUSTRALIAN CYCLONE. (To tlie Editor). Sir, — Allow me to say in simple justice that if the Central Weather Bureau, Bris bane, had been in existence — the annual vote for which did not exceed £1500 per annum— three days' warning at least would have been given of the recent cyclone off the north west coast 'of Australia.-— Yours, etc.. ? : - ' - ?. CLEMENT L. WUAGGE. Aibury, 31/3/12. ...... ,:.';.. -  NEW CHURCH AT BUNGOWANNAH ...... ^ . . — -. ? w ? , ??-- OPENING SERVICES. 'Change and decay in all around I see,' sang the poet, and, generally speak ing, this may be taken as containing a '., . fair amount of truth. But it has its qualifications. ' ' Change ' ' we certainly do ? ' see in the world and tilings around us, or there would be not only monotony, but also stagnation. is it uruminoiul who ? emphasises the fact that, in a living or ganism (and he goes on to apply it in a higher sense) there could not be such a state as equilibrium? There must either . bo a re- or a de-generation. But as to 'decay' in all around — well, if so, then assuredly, the death-knell of progress and advancement had surely sounded, and it New Church, Bungowannah, Albury Circuit. - were time to close, instanter, the shutters. ' In the living microcosm of a church that were worthy the name, it were surely a ? paradox, and the record of the Minutes of Conference just held belie the fact. Vigor ous signs of activity in its modus oper andi are before us. And in this small corner of the vineyard, during the first v - quarter of the new year, there have been, if not ' ' the sound of revelry by night, ' ' with the vital aftermath of the poem, at any rate there has been the tramp of stirring eventualities, a ?change in the church life of the Methodist cause at Bungowannali, in the Albury Circuit, that is far removed from any token of 'de- cay;' nay, rather, it indicates a move that spells a distinct advancement, if the erection of a new sanctuary of God . counts for anything. ' ' Comparisons ' ' are not always 'odious,' and to compare one must needs drop into the reminiscent vein, which means an historical recount. Some five years ago, on the anniversary day of our State, an unkind cyclone wrecked the old building, and levelled it to the ground. It was a heart-break to the earnest enthusiasts, who for thirty years, and a little more, had worshipped in its sacred precincts, and had just shown their keen interest in God's work on its material side by having His house newly . painted. But Nature's dealings in this respect apparently show no finer feelings, ? and on this occasion she was ruthless. But here again we see an evidence of the as sertion of the triumph of mind over mat ter, for, notwithstanding the disaster, the dismantled parts of the wrecked structure were carefully gathered together, and what was thought to be of possible after-use was stacked and preserved. Efforts wore soon made to collect the Avhcrewithal to re-ereet a new building from the old re mains, and a -considerable sum was ob tained and promised. But the times were not favourable. The pastor in charge at the time had serred his term, and moved on. Another came to take his place. The great World War, with all its strain and stress, followed, and no oppor tunity was forthcoming to allow of the carrying of the cherished wish of the noble, though small, band of devoted Methodists. In April of last year, how ever, when a meeting of trustees was called to wind ' up matters in ?connection with the previously-suggested re-building of the church (for it seemed to be 'a fore lorn hope') by one of those strange in spirations which come so mysteriously and unexpectedly, and due to an Ichabodian remark of one present, it was suddenly de cided to wind on, and to put into imme diate and active operation the project which had first seemed so hopeless, the ultimate result of which is the ornate and chaste new church of to-day, very auspici ously opened on Saturday, March 15th of . this year, and the photo, of which appears in this issue. The whole incident is - flavoured with a similar set of conditions as Biblical history supplies, as in the case of Saul, the son of Kish, who in the pro cess of looking for his father's asses is recorded to have found a kingdom. The accidental thus is seen to move in the higher sphere of the providential. A new and _moro ornate structure now takes the place~l-f the old — the old, drawn on a bullock-waggon by a team of thirty six .bullocks from Howlong thirty-six years ago. And this, a distinct advance on the previous sanctuary, the wattle-and-dab church, first with its roof of bark, which later gave place to thatch. Such a survey takes the mind back half a century. But even before that, at tho very threshold of Methodist Church life in Bungowannah, we hear of services conducted by a Rev. Mr. Neild, being held in the home of a Mrs. Webb, whose house was situated not very far from the present sanctuary. And of the three church buildings erected on the Bungowannah property, the present structure stands on the identical site on which the ill-fated Howlong-drawn edifice stood, while that of the original is in close proximity. A new opening opens up other avenues of thought. The names associated with history past crowd in — those, for instance, of La vis, Dunn, Palmer, Swan (the first Sunday School Superintendent), Wragge (who kept a store opposite, and who later removed to Leichhardt), Carey, and Kid ley. These have served their day and passed away, but most of them have left their representatives, who show the same keen interest in, and carry: on the great work of, their forebears with vigour unabated. ? The Clerk of' the ?Weather Was, 611 this, the occasion -of tho opening, kind iiv the extreme. The day was glorious, and up wards of two hundred people gathered from far and hear to take part in the official function. Albury was well repre sented, visitors travelling by motors, drag, and every other dcscribable vehicle. It was unfortunate that the epidemic, and then the sudden decision to open the post poned Conference on the Monday follow ing, combined to deprive us of the an ticipated presence of the official head of our Church, as also of the Chairman of the District. . So the responsibility fell ui)on the local minister. The Church of England and Presbyterian ?clergymen were present, and took part in the opening ex ercises. The church itself was packed, while many outside could not gain admis sion. At the request of the trustees, Mrs. Moulton performed the ceremony of turn ing the key, and received the presenta tion of a silver key, suitably engraved, at the hands of the builder, Mr. Whybro, as a memento of the occasion. The honour was acknowledged in an appropri ate speech, wherein sho trusted that the '' ' ' Interior Bungowannah New Church, Opened March 15, 1919. new building would prove to be a verit able Bunyan's Palace Beautiful to the locality, and urged one and all to live for it and to work in it. The Dedicatory Service, which followed, ' was opened, as was befitting, with the Doxology. Hymns appropriate for the oc casion were sung. Prayer was offered by tho Rev. Canon Bevan, B.A. (Church of - England), and the passage of Scripture read by the Eev. A. Fleming (Presby terian), both of whom afterwards de livered congratulatory addresses, the spirit of which was of a very fraternal nature. The Superintendent Minister reminded his hearers of the historic past, and the in debtedness of the present generation to the pioneers of those early days, who laboured for the spiritual welfare of their offspring, many of whom wore present, and worthily, reproduced the spirit of their . ancestry in their interest for God's work. The new edifice was raised by these in turn 'with a similar objective. -He took the opportunity of conveying to the Church of England authorities the deep indebted' ness of the Methodist Church in the Al bury Circuit for the gracious offer of their building in Bungowannah, and for its use for the past five years. An invocation for the Presence of the Triune God in the ' sorvices to be held from time to time in the now sanctuary, followed by the closing hymn and Benediction, ended a most im ? prossive function. Prior to the address, Mr. George Lavis, secretary of tho Trust, read the balance sheet, which showed a very satisfactory state of the finances. The licv. .1. Kgan Moulton, on behalf of the friends of Bun ? gowannah Church, then presented Miss Palmer, who for some years had faithfully and loyally discharged the important duties of organist, with a handsome silver backed mirror, shoe-lift, buttonhook, and silver-mounted cut-glass scent bottle, to which Mr. Palmer feelingly and suitably responded on behalf of his daughter. At the conclusion of the service, ad journment was made to the grounds, where soon tea was provided by willing hands, of the now well-known Bungawaiinah standard. Nothing was wanting to satisfy the cravings of the inner man. The young sters right royally did their part, ami we are assured loft the Plimsol mark, in some instances, far behind. Two tennis-courts chipped for the occasion are indexes of the enthusiastic extent to which the .Bungo wannah Methodists were prepared to go to make the whole function an un-|itali(iod success. On these, Albury and other en thusiasts tried thoir tennis mettle. It was an inspiring sight to sec tho grounds crowded with vehicles and people, the Union Jack being in great evidence; to witness, too, the re-union of old friends of over fifty years' standing fighting their old battles over again.. But though the sun did at last set, yet the function did not then come to. a close. Adjournment was made to tho Bungowan nah Hall, half a mile away, and a long, varied, and.'. excellent programme was ren dered to ah appreciative audience. The longth of the same, magnified by repeated encores (to which, we might add, a closure was applied in the second part) might bn calculated to scare a' city audience. But Bungowannah was out for the day — and for the night, too, for that matter — ami such protracted trifles moved them not. Mr. Litchficld, the Circuit Steward, in a pointed speech, congratulated the friends on the complete success of /the day and of their efforts, while Mr. Palmer proposed and carried a comprehensive vote of thanks to tho performers. But even when tho last items had been rendered, and the National Anthem had been vigorously sung, there was still more to follow, and refreshments were served to one and all. To quote one of the oldest identities, Mr. Blnkcly, 'It was tho best day ho had seen in Bangownnnnh ' — eul- ogy enough to satisfy the severest critic, and must have satisfied the enthusiastic band of untiring workers, upon whom the heavy burden had been laid of catering for the day's proceedings and its strenu ous demands. And it is said (but, kind reader, please whisper it low) that the stock had all but run out — a condition of things never before experienced in the local annals. As a- result of the tea meeting and con cert, .£19 2s. (id. was netted, and our Bun gowannah friends can truly congratulate themselves on such a highly successful effort. The church, new with the exception of the floor, the larger part of tho roof, doors, the Bible and pulpit cushion, saved from the wreckage, standing, as has been said, on the old site, is built of weatherboard on the old dimensions. The walls are of light grey colour, the ceiling of varnished 7)ine, which lends a finished appearance to the interior. The pulpit is of beauti ful polished Queensland maple, and of ornate design, and the 12 seats of var nished kauri, placed 'V-shaped along the building are in keeping with it. These, with the cocoanut matting in the aisle, were the generous and befitting gift of Mrs. Dunn and family in memory of the husband and father, the late Mr. ,T. D. Dunn, of 'Weebo Park.' Mrs. W. Palmer kindly donated a splendid-toned Estey organ, and Mr. and Mrs. George Lavis presented the pulpit, hymnbook, and other fiymbooks for congregational use The Communion table, of Queensland maple, was the gift of K'cv. .1. 10. and Mrs. Moulton. The trustees are indebted, also, to Messrs. Mate and Co. for tho gift of an organ-stool and pulpit chair; to Messrs. Ilewish and Rudburn for tho donation of two radiolite lamps; to Mr. Whybro, the builder, the highest praise is duo. Through out he has displayed an interest, care, and thoroughness, as well as skill, that is not always seen in the labour world of to-day. His was a service of love, and the com pletion of the work and the successful de dication will come, as a joy to his heart. One is apt to think that ho might quitu readily he prepared to sing his Nunc, Dim ittis now that the desire of his soul is consummated. Nor must Mrs. Whybro 's quiet but thoughtful help in the matter of the varnished floor remain unrecorded, nor yet Mr. White's repeated help to the builder, even though it; bo but little known. We opine that the reality of tho new Methodist. Church will quite revive a feel ing of greater interest; to our cause at Bungowannah. The opening sorvices on the Sunday were both well attended, but the congregation in the evening was ex ceptionally large. Tho Eev. .T. Egan Moulton occupied the pulpit, on both oc casions, and tho atmosphere was full of inspiration. Tho collections for tho day ?were out of all expectation, and augured well Cor the future. A debt of gratitude is due to our 'Home Mission Loan Fund, through whoso gener osity the new church was helpfully fin anced. A promise was given that £100 would be forwarded, if the balance were first raised locally. The Bungowannah quota was soon raised, and, with tho re sults of tho opening proceedings, the trustees are able to pay in advance tho first annual instalment of the loan, as well as the insurance premium; to make also a donation to the Church of England Curate Stipend collection, that was being mado locally; to hand £1.1 II s. to the Quarterly Meeting; and still have a fow pounds loft to the credit of the Trust. Thanks are duo to the collectors of tho Building Fund' for their services rendered; to tho kind donors 'whoso gonorosity in tho matter of church equipment lessened so considerably the total cost; and to willing hands, who from time to time, lent valuable aid to the builder. At a later date a handsome framed portrait of three distinct enlarged views of the church in one (exterior and in-' terior) was presented to Mr. Whybro, and a similar one to Rev. .T. Egan Moulton, by the Bungowannah friends and stewards. The true spirit of Methodism still lives when, despite soverest handicaps, it can show results such as are abovo recorded, of what the faithful fow at Bungowannali (and how many other such instances else where might bo discovered?) have boon a We to achieve. ? ? The holier a man is the less perfect he thinks himself.  8R HUNT CR-i!l!SE9. Since the reply of Mr- Hunt to the deputation from the Cairns Chamber of Commerce, which waited upon him to ask that a .meteorological station be estab lished here in order to expedite storm warnings, the Common wealth Meteorologist has been subjected to a good deal of criticism. The latter has not come irom people with only _ a very cursory and superficial knowledge of the subject, but from experts who are in author ity to speak, and -whose utter ' ances command attention and ,'_ respect. A few days ago the 'Post' published a letter from Mr. Clement Wragge, the re nowned meteorologist, and in the course of his remarks the latter said : 'The Koombana went down, and so did the Yongala without, it appears, a word of Warning. The Commonwealth Meteorologist a few days ago performed grotesque* experiments in Melbourne, showing how the latter steamer foundered. Mr. Hunt talks of instruments speci ally suited to the northern clim ate. This is mere moonshine. Standard instruments such as I employed and personally feed in position over the whole of Queensland, including Cape York Peninsula and the Far West, are available all the world over,' and the sooner the Minister in charge realises this, and asks a few questions, the better it will be for a long-suffering public and shipping. Let justice he done, though the heavens fall ! I guarantee that if I were resident either at Cairns, Townsville, Bowen, Mac'iay, or Rockhampton during the hurricane season, with my own private 'instruments, not a storm should slip through my fingers without most 'ample warning being given. In con clusion, I am very decidedly of opinion that, in existing circum stances, a special weather bureau should be established in North Queensland, say at Cairns or Townsville, entirely independent of Commonwealth control, and the sooner it is done the better. Surely Queensland will listen to my voice \' What has Mr. Hunt to say to the forceful, emphatic and convincing utterances of Mr. Wragge, who knows what he is talking about, because his' know ledge of meteorology is unchal lenged ? Surely Mr. Hunt's re marks about telegrams between Cairns and Brisbane and Cairns and Townsville occupying the same time in transmission pale into insignificance when placed beside the telling arguments of Mr. Wragge. During the course of his reply to the. Cairns Cham ber of Commerce, Mr. Hunt over and over again displayed* the fact that he could not get the idea out of his head that because a few thousand people were liv ing within the cyclone belt they were not entitled to as much at tention as, if not greater than many thousands outside that belt. Let it be granted that Newcastle has violent storms at different periods of the year, also allow the statement that Geelong has unwelcome disturb ances of Nature, that does not cnlintarirf n«* mifirra^n 1(10 Aan + li ia;uiihjii^-- \jl tiii«-*p;^i.c 111- iive*i.ii dealing cyclonic infernos to which North Queensland is subjected in the first few' months of the year. The grim fact was mentioned to Mr. Hunt that between Towns ville and Thursday Island more people had been drowned -to the square mile than in any other part of Australia, and the Com monwealth Meteorologist did not deny it, but he was adamant to the request of the Chamber for a meteorological station in North Queensland. The criticisms of Mr. Hunt's reply have led to more than one question being asked in the House of Represen tatives by Queensland members who know what a northern cy clone is, and the PostmasterGen eral has promised to call for a fall and exhaustive report on the subject. Mr. Hunt made sever al allegations against the ship ping companies, one being that masters were hauled over the coals if they did not run their vessels to time, and another that although he had arranged for the transmission of wireless weather messages free his offer had met with no response. Both these allegations have been de nied by the shipping companies, and in this connection it is in teresting to note the remarks of Captain Irvine, of the Inna raincka, who went through this year, off Cairns, what his pass engers described as 'the vortex of a hell let loose.' The re marks referred to were contain ed in a letter which was printed in the 'Post' on Monday. Cap tain Irvine, after referring to, and giving instances of the un reliability of weather .forecasts issued in the South, went on to say : 'It is hardly worth while remarking on the statement made by the Commonwealth Meteorologist to the Cairns deputation, that ship masters were forced to sea by the ship owners, to encounter hurricanes or any weather. But there are a great many persons who do not read the forecasts ; and they might think that there is some truth in the statement. The Australian ship masters have lost too much by hurricanes to wish their ships to meet them ; it means at least a very heavy repair bill, perhaps a total loss. and ship owners like their money ' just as much as other people. ; The Australian ship masters are : no more anxious to meet hurri canes than the meteorologist, and they would like to keep as far away from them as he does ; but unfortunately they cannot, and that is just exactly why the Cairns Chamber of Commerce asked him for a station in the cyclone belt. They did not ask him to transfer the station from Brisbane, as he informed, the Press they had done. They ask ed on behalf of the seamen, the travelling public, the North Queensland people, and Austral ians at large, that a competent meteorologist be sent to the cyclone belt to study these hur ricanes. Was it too much to ask for, seeing that there is hard ly a family in North Queensland that has not given its share to the death roll of the cyclone at sea and on land ? We have lost some of our best men, our best friends, and our r-p«t 'shine in them. If blood is the price of the station, we have bought it fairly.' In the face of such evi dence, can the Commonwealth Government turn a deaf ear and exhibit indifference to the dang ers which beset North Queens land in the cyclonic belt ? l The urgency of the situation demands prompt action, and it is hoped it will be taken.  PEOPHET OF EVIL. SOMB .MORE WUAGCHv DIS TURBANCES. ANOTHER MONSOON LOOMING UP. , Mr. Clement- L. VVraggc. issued fbe fol io wing ?roreciust on Wednesday:-"Anti" cyclonic, or iiigh pressure, is now lit liuencing South Anstralia. and for a tima urn; weather will improve, such condition* making easting. Yet'.the coasts of Victoria and i\e»- South Wales, including Sydney, will shortly experience more nasty south? erlies and rough seas, with further iaia squaD.s. so let shipping and passengers hf:' seat take heed. Within ten days from dat3. vbe antarctic disturbance named 'Ulysses,'; now slowly'approaching the Lueiwin,, will - affect mote or less oil southern parts ol ttie Commonwealth. Aw his ugly eastern umbra advances the winds will pet in frwtt north-east, with an increase of tempera ture, and shift to north-west and wescx. and a renewal &lt;>f weird elond pictures anti local dust blows, followed by more raia and south-westerly squalls. A new and; suspicions looking wonsoonal disturbance named ' Anan' is between Shark Bay and -lava, and we by no means like tbe pros* . pect in uhe neighborhood of Cossack an! the far north-west of Australia. The mon soon 'TekeP will cause more disturbance and rain in Queensland, and, looking At afTaii-s all round, we expect a-tine ektra vaganza 'torn piping treble tiirongh diiicet alto to idling bass within or during the period before stated. Li is all music, iny masters' The sweetest music. 'Ulysses* is likely to play high jinks in Maorilanil I before a fortnight ha- g.)'ne by, and also over the TuPoiau Sea. preceded, however, I by temporarily finer weather as the high | pressures surge in swinging i-ytlim eas{&lt;  e PEACE, AND THE MAN. Senator Ferricks and His Mission. What Burns meant when he wrote— "What's done we partly may compete, But know not what's resisted"— he himself knew. However, Senator Miles Aloysius Perricks would probably take it unto his heart as a piece of philosophy worthy of consideration. He himself views life, so far as his views on life mav be ascertained, as being more or' less a series of things which have been done, and of which the computation is difficult ; while, 011 the other hand, he certainly does not pretend to know what has resisted. To those who regard him from afar, it certainly appears that he spends his life seeking to find out what has resisted, and waging war against it. In many instances his lance appears to have been put in lest, and his charger spurred to a gallop against a flock of sheep or a windmill ; but the charge has never lacked in valour, nor the attack in energy. The trouble has 'been that, somehow or other, when he arrived there the object of the attack has always been the wrong one. That, however, has not been the fault of Senator Ferricks. He lias done the right thing, according to his lights, but that which he has been up against has been too much for him—be it vested interests, the wrong doings of a Premier, a mere abstract principle, or a deep-rooted conviction. Years Ago, Years ago, when he first entered politics, someone likened Senator Ferricks to St. Peter. 'Twas said that, even as St. Peter, the im petuous, had not hesitated to jump down into the grave on the morning of the resurrection, rather than stand upon th.2 brink and call aloud, so also did Senator Ferricks rush in where others, conceivably might have feared to tread. It was on such an occasion that he tau'ght the then Premier of Queensland, "Wullie" Kidston, as they used to call him, the meaning of ."wild-cat" and some viining soandals. That there was the father of a row about it all mattered not 0 bit to the future Senator. He said what he had to say, believ ing it was right, and took the ensuing month's expulsion from -the State Parliament, which followed, as if it were the gruel which he had every right to expect. A Missionary Spirit. Although he may suspect it, or he :nay rot, it is probably a kind of missionary spirit which makes Senator FerricVs indulge in these out bursts of righteous flagellation. He believes in preaching to those who are vet outside the pale ; if he goes beyond what ordinarily is conceived to be the limits of missioning, it is due to a Puck-like spirit which leads hiin to tease, almost beyond endurance, those whom I1.? would im'pale. Behind his rather slow, measured language—a language which he can use and pour forth like a mountain torrent swollen with the snow streams—lies a nasty, biting sarcasm, and for those who, will not be converted—for those who will not join with him in sweet reasoning—he reserves it. Looks Like It. And Senator Ferricks looks like a man who might be consumed with missionary zeal. His face is pale, his hair very black—although now becoming tinged with grey—and from afar his eyes look as if ;tliey would pierce to the very soul of the man who. opposes him or his views. Perhaps, on a close view, his ears u:.e rather prominent ; but his face is square, and rather intellectual, and there seems to be enough in his fa,ce to interest without looking at the ears. Probably, if he were questioned concern ihg his mission, Senator Ferricks would be the last to admit that he regarded what he does ap anything connected with a mission of any sort. Nevertheless, it might very well have l-c.m his prototype who journeyed into Batoyloh and denounced Thais, though ■ doubtless Miles Aloysius would not have been so undiplomatic abo,ut it. eoeooeoo Suffering From It. -Just now Senator Ferricks is suffering from his missionary zeal- Ever since he was elected as a member of the Senate as one of the Queensland six—and that was in 1913—he has put his heart and soul into the work which he conceives to be his. Consequently, at the present time, he is a mass of nerves. A, man who had more pretensions would proclaim that he was suffering badly from neuritis, and take six months' leave of absence. Senator Ferricks, however, just thinks he is out of form from doing too much, and relies on doing a bit more in order to bring himself back to the normal again. However, to preach or Sundays as to the need for the release from prison of Mrs. Walsh (nee Adda Pankhurst), attend Parliament every day af the^week, and watch every debate closely, to attend to the wants of the hundred and one people who- may come along—for after all Queensland is rather a big place—and fight campaign after campaign with all the vigour ind energy that can he .got together, is not the sort af thing which ^vo'uld incline the ordinary man to a state of anything save nerves. And, in that connection, it ought to be stated that Senator Ferricks has. fought every campaign— whether for . his part.v or for a principle which he thinks is ri^ht—'which has come within his vision. The recent Referendum campaign found him doing all within his power to defeat it, while the last Federal elections gave him more to do than any otter two men of his party— perhaps because he believed that within him lay the power to do twice the ordinary amount of work. During the "first Conscription Referen dum campaign he was just as active, and, probably because of the line of argument which he adopted on all these occasions, he has been duhbed by many to be an extremist, a visionary, a dreamer. - Peace Notions. Whether those who so judge him are right or wrong is hard to say ; 'but, at a time like the present, when the Empire is waging war, and there is no room for any save those who would wage war with her, there may be some justifi cation fo,r hasty judgments when n man moves a motion such "as this "That, in the opinion of the' Senate, in the fourth year of the war,, tlie time has arrived for the British Government to ascer tain ar,4 make known the peace basis 011 which the Allies would be prepared to negotiate with the view of ending the war." On the face of it, such a motion is pro Germ'an, anti-British and various other uncom plimentary things ; but wheai Senator Ferricks explains his ideas on the subject, it is obvious that all the nasty things which have been said of him—and there have been quite a few sines the commencement of the war—are, perhaps, rather harsh. He may hold ideas .contrary to the ideas hold by the majority of the people— and this, by-the-way, is 110 attempted justifica tion of his ideas, but a mere endeavour to set forth the point of view of Senator Ferricks as he is known to .Mr. 'Punch—but the fact remains that he holds them, and believes that, such being the case, he has every right to set them forth for the edification of others who, accord ing to his way of thinking, are not so enlight ened. For instance, he "believes that war is ' a hellish institution"; lie-is not a peaco-at-f-.ny price man, but he would accept the pi ice of peace as laid dawn by the workers of the coun try fighting, and lie would not accspt the rulings nor the dictates of the diplomats "on top." If he had his way hi would put those who caused the war in the front line, and let them do the fighting, and then, according to his views, there would be very few wars. It is in the same way that Senator Ferricks argues against conscription, and strives to justify his opposition to the proposals which have been made in that connection. I-Ie says that he is afraid of the inroads of militarism into Aus tralia, and fails absolutely to see t.'ic use of defeating Prussianism in Europe if it is to be introduced into Australia—far that is what Senator Ferricks believes conscription would mean to this country. And, on top of all this, lib' earnestly believes that tlie; Defence Depart ment has 'been very badly administered, and that half of the trouble there has been in Aus tralia in connection with recent military mat ters is due to that cause. OPJ00808 What's In It? There may or may not be something in these arguments ; but, whether there is or not, no one would for a moment doiMAt Senator Feitricks was: sincere about them, and because he is sin cere about them, and about everything el«> which he preaches, he advocates them strenu ously, and doesn't care a twopenny dump whether he gets into {rouble for do,ing so, or otherwise. Ilow much he cares for trouble of that kind may be judged from the fact that, as a reward for his 'first six and a half years of public life, lie has had to cantest five elections, suffer two writs, a month's expulsion from the Queensland Parliament, and attend to numerous lawyers' letters received on • Yehilf •. i vef-ple who thought they were getting damaged during Senator Ferricks's determined showing up of some thing or other. For instance, it is qtiite possible that Mr. Hughes would like to present Senator Ferricks with half-a-dozen letters — all uncomplimentary. Senator Ferricks was the first member of Parliament, either Federal or State, to take a stand against conscription when the word was first mentioned. Shortly afterwards Mr. Hughes commenced to try and convince the Labour executives that his pro posals with regard to the first Referendum on conscription were right. It was Senator Fer ricks who, was called'on by those executives to go to Sydney and take the negative against Mr. Hughes. How well he took that side ought to be known—for Mr. Hughes and his proposals, as all the world now knows, were badly turned down. eooomo Political Trouble. The political life o,f Senator Ferricks com menced with trouble, and may continue with it.' He first attempted to stand for Bowen' in the Queensland Legislative Assemlbly in 1907 ; but his nomination paper went astray, with the result that he made the Federal Government pay £5.0 for his out-of-pocket expenses. The late Sir Wm. Lyne was then Treasurer, and he "came through" with the money only after a deal of trouble, and after the responsibility fo.r the non-delivery of- the paper had been sheeted home to the Commonwealth. Two vears later, however, Mr. Ferricks, as he was then, won the Bo we 11 seat with a comfortable majority, only to be defeated in 1012. A year later he was chosen as one of Labour's six to represent Queensland in the Senate, and as the outcome of the campaign which lyj then waged lie re ceived two writs for £5000 from the then Pre mier of Queensland (Mr. Denham), for the state ments which he had' made during the campaign. Result—verdict for £3l00 and costs in each case. «••••!«• And Before That. And before these things happened to him Senator Ferricks had tried school teaching, at which he started .after leaving the Christian Brothers' School, and after that drifted into work on the Queensland railways, tried station life in Western Queensland, tried mining, engine driving, storokeeping, butchering, sugar-grow ing, and finally journalism. . He is a native of Mary-borough. Queensland, forty-two years of age, and the youngest of a family of fifteen, seven of which were boys ! • When Mr. Fred Oakley, worksmaster at Ben digo, retires on 31st January next, there will pass out of the service one who has played a ■very important, though, perhaps, not promi nent^ part in the railway development of "Vic toria.. After serving his apprenticeship as a carpenter ; and joiner with . the old firm of Tumbull and Dick, of Melbourne, Mr. Oakley entered the works b'ranch of the Victoria11 Railways in 1878, and had as his first jo'b the building of the' Chewton Station. Later he became foreman of works at Maryborough, Bal larat and Melbourne, and in 190*1 was appointed worksmaster of th; northern Victorian section, in Bendigo, in 1901. When King George visited Melbourne, in 1901, to open the first Common wealth Parliament, Mr. Oakleigh was inspector of works of the very elaborate decorations un dertaken by the Railway Department, and which were one of the mast attractive features of the celebrations in Melbourne. In his long service of 39 years in the -department,, he had charge of many undertakings .of a dangerous character, yet not a single workman under him met with serious accident, a record of which he is justly proud. According to lau:st accounts, Mr. Clement Wra-gge, also known at times as "Inclement" Wragge, is conducting a Tropical Gardens and Institute as a holiday resort, at .Birkenhead, New Zealand. Some years ago Mr. Wragge was known all over Australia as a weather forecaster whose predictions gave rise to much amusement, not necessarily because thev were wrong, but for the reason that they were in variably placed before the public in a striking, and often entertaining, manner. Whatever his merits as a meteorologist, Wragge was an ex cellent showman. Such terms as "monsoon," "cyclone," "depression," and "disturbance" had no attractions for him. He preferred to call the cyclone, "Hughes" ; the depression, "Ir vine" ; or the disturbance, "Mannix" ; or whatever names were prominent in the political world at tlv> tinns. Then the public would get a pronouncement something like this : "Prepare for the worst—'Mannix'—or it might have been 'Barton'—is coming. Drought stares the far mer in the face. Conserve your supplies of water immediately, for there are days of trial ahead." If the drought came, Wragge would adopt the attitude of "I told you so." If.it did not, Wragge relapsed into obscurity. Only temporarily,, however, for like the politicians, Wra'gge invariably "came back" at the 'fiprst opportunity. It is said that his gardens at Birkenhead suggest a corner of the South Sea Islands, and that visitors find much entertain ment in his descriptions of the constellations. Mr. William Capewell, who died recently at Ruabon-road, Toorak, aged S2 years, was the founder o,f the Red Boot Mart, in Bendigo, a concern which later extended its branches to many of th.c principal business centres ;n Vic toria. A colonist of 64 years, Mr. C.ipewell saw many bush townships develop into thriving cities. When he arrived in Victoria, ;a 1 f 53, in the ship Sussex, the rush to The sroHfields was in full swing, and Mr. Capewell V,eg;in carting goods between. Melbourne a"d Ueiifli, or Sandhurst, as it was then known. This proved to be n remarkably lucrative proposi tion, as much as £110 being paid for a loi'.tl. Subsequently lie started business as a 1-oot .salesman in Bridge-street, Bendigo, an.'l foMune favouring him, he opened branches at Elizaheth ;f;t., Melbourne ; Moorabool-st., Geelong ; Castle maine and Maryborough. Mr. OapewoU was the oldest member of the James Uoe Loige of the manchester Unity Oddfellows, nnd in November last he celebrated his diamond wed ding.  FROM VARIOUS SOURCES ) Running a country newspaper is not ill sunshine. A rural editor gives the following hint:—"The fellow who can play billiards, smoke cigars, have six penny drinlts, shout for others, trip it to Sydney, go to the races, etc., should not overlook the fact that he owes us a couple of quid." "D'yer see that there old cove com in' outer Jones' pub?" remarked the way-back leg-puller to a new arrival. 'Well, 'e's the c'nampeun boozer ov this locality. He's been drunk fur a. quarter ov a century, an' if 'a wos ter wake up some mornin' an' find 'imself sober I do believe the shock would kill 'im Twelve months ago 'e wos bitten by a tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too." 'Did the man die?" the new chum isked. "No," replied the bushman, 'but the snake got blind paralytic drunk." Beauty is only skin deep, but curves is curves. "The Secret of Smart Dress," runs a headline in a contemporary. Some of the costumes we have seen recently bad nothing secret about them at all. "Johanna" tells this one in the "Bul letin"—An exalted military gentleman in Melbourne found himself beset by an untidy young woman of about 25 in a suburban street the other morn ing. "Vo»'re , ain't you? Well, Bill can't ^o to the war." "My good woman, I " "I tell yeh straight. Bill can't go to the war, an' 'e won't, so there. Bill's engaged t' me; then he goes and enlists t' fight the Ger mans. Well, he won't go, see. He's said he'll marry me, 'n' he ain't goin' t' get off 6o easy. I give you my word." Can't you picture Bill in a snow-filled trench, with a bullet in his neck, getting off easy? All men are born free and equal, but the majority of them marry later on. Of troubles connubial, jars and di vorce, This, we believe, is the fruitfullest source; A man falls In love with a dimple or curl, Then foolishly marries the entire girl. There was a man in our town And he was wondrous small, tie bought a big barometer And put it In the hall. And when the mercury went down Because of wind and rain, lie climbed on the umbrella stand And shoved it up again. If everybody on earth spoke the truth and nothing but the truth for twenty-four hours, we should And our selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution the world has ever known. Last week (writes "Gossip," of the "Stock and Station Journal") I had two schoolboys staying with me, who were on their way from Bedale's School, in Petersfleld, Hants, to Scot land. I took them to all the thingB we had time for, including the "White City," and the play of "Grumpy," at the New Theatre. They had the time of their lives. We visited the Tower of London, and they saw the "Traitor's Gate," the site of the scaffold whore people used to be shortened, the Idle soldiers, the ancient "Beefeaters," and all the armor and the guns and Bwords and crossbows, and weapons, of mur der. They were greatly interested, and when we came out I said, "Now, hoys, what interested you most about the Tower? What is the strongest im pression that you bring away from the old place?" The bigger and older of the two (nearly 15) said:—"Well, my strongest Impression, after seeing all the armor and the weapons of war is that the people of those times were fools." Before I had time to express my views, the younger one said, "Well, we're bigger fools now." "Amen," said I to that, and then we talked! "Northerner" writes:—Anent the [ drought, the recent beat spell, and the I prospects of the rain which promises ' that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy nionsoop struck the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten Inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti-&lt; cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it.  TownsvllU Chamber of Commerce, THE MONTHLY MEETING. The monthly meeting of the Townn ville Chamber of Commerce was liolu at the Town Hall on Wednesday after noon. There were present: M»ssre. J. N. ParkeB (President), R. A. Cameron, C. R. Wodehouse, Martin, J. Cummins. G. Gordon, R. Gard, P. F.' Rowland, L. C. Woolrych, T. E. Thorpe, J. J. Fann ing, and the Secretary (Mr H. B. Marks). An apology for absence was received from Mr W. L. Chapman. A letter was received from the Sel wyn Progress Association, asking the support of the Chamber in getting a through train run from Townsvllle, and giving a suggested lime-table. The Secretary said the Traffic Man ager said this would still mean run ning the train In the dark. The matter was left in the Presl The Secretary of the Haughton River Farmers' Association wrote advocating the erection of a shed where goodB by rail for farmers could be left In safety. The Secretary reported that the General Traffic Manager said thlB mat ter had already* been referred to the Department. The matter was left in the Presi dent's hands. ' The Cairns Chamber of Commerce forwarded a letter which had been sent to the Postmaster-General ask ing for Improved telephonic facilities, and the erection of a wireless station at Cairns, and asklnpr the Townsvllle Chamber's support In the matter. The President said, In company with Mr Foley. M.L.A., he had interviewed' the authorities In Brisbane as to the wireless (station being used in the case of the lines being. down, and was Informed that there was no reason why this should not be done. Mr Gordon said the wireless station here had been practically hung up for somo time, as their despatching machine was in Cooktown. They could receive messages, but not send them. Any that were sent had to go to Cook town and be despatched from there. Recently his firm had to wire Thursday Island to gel Into communication with - The President said he was not aware of that fact. They should have a complete service here. Mr Gordon said he understood they required a despatching machine at Cooktown, and It had been thought better to send the one from here. It was decided that the President make Inquiries from the Postmaster, and If necessary, communicate with the Department. A letter was received from the Clon curry Chamber of Commerce, point ing out that whilst week-end tickets were Issued to people within 100 miles of the coast, those outside that area were excluded, and asking the Cham ber's assistance in having this re medied. The Secretary reported that this had been brought about by a regulation lately altered, but the General Trafflc Manager said If it was brought before him he would refer it to the Commis The matter was left in the hands of the Chairman. * With regard to the question of the |mail service over Harvey's Range, the President stated that only n. formal acknowledgment had yet been recel |ved from the Department. As the let ter waB only despatched in January, It was decided to hold the matter over till next meeting. A letter was received from the Post master-General's Department, In reply to the Chamber's application for the establishment of suburban offices In Townsvllle, pointing out that the de livery service had now been Improved, and with the postal pillar boxes, the reasonable requirement* were being fulfilled. Mr Rowland said the deliveries were better lately at North Ward. Bit It would be a great convenience It th» boxes could be cleared at a guaran-, teed and later hour, tt was little use clearing the boxes at 4 o'clock, but if they could be cleared at 6.30, and the letters catch the mall. It would be a great improvement. The President undertook to make In quiries and lay the matter before the Postmaster. Hon. R.' Phllp wrote stating that he had Interviewed the Prime Minister (Mr Cook), and Messrs Kelly and Wynne, members of the Federal Minis try, whilst In Melbourne, and they had promised that during the montbe. of January, February (4$ March, the earliest intelligence as to weather con ditions would be posted at the tele graph offices at each Northern port. The President said be had spoken1 to Mr Phllp on this matter, and that gentleman had done all he could. Since he (the speaker) had been away he understood that action had been taken by a body here In regard to the estab lishment of a Northern Meteorological Station. Mr Woolrych stated that a commit tee had been formed with that object, as the result of a public meeting held here. They had approached Mr Wragge with an offer, but he could not com* this year. Then they wrote to the Postmaster-General, and got very little satisfaction from him. They had approached him again with a request* that during the cyclone months, an officer of the Department should be sent up, and arrangements made for supplying him with all information, and let him Issue warnings of distur bances. The Committee had not had any reply to that. Tn the letter they had stated that if then wac any ad ditional expense Incurred by sending the officer, they would lie willing to contribute something towards that ad altlonal expense. Mr Gordon stated that the Harbor Board -isd decided that 'the movement should be supported and had also of fered to contribute to the cost, If neces sary. The President said complaints had been made that forecasts which were received at » o'clock were not posted up at the Post Office until late In the afternoon. This was a serious thing, as the people were entitled to the beet Information at the earliest possible mo ment Mr Woolrych said he understood the messages, came In, code through the telegraph office, and had to be sent -to the Pilot Station to be interpreted, and they were then telephoned back to the Post Office. Sometimes he understood the message came at * o'clock, and did not appear on the Post Office board, until 2.M. It was decided that the matter be' brought before the Postmaster with a request that the messages be posted as early as possible. The Secretary of the Associated Chambers of Commerce of the Com monwealth wrote notifying that the an nual meeting would be held at Perth In May, and asking to.be supplied with the name of the delegate of the Chamber. It was decided to ask Mr T. A. Ams den, director for Burns. Philp and Co., Ltd., at Fremantle,- and an old North erner, to represent the Chamber ?The President drew attention to the remark made by the Premier (Hon. D. F. Denham), In London, as to Bris oane being the first port In Australia for vessels via Panama. It was decided to write to the Acting Wemler In Brisbane, pointing out that Townsville's position mado this port nearer than Brisbane. The President stated that Mr Blalne h. »£hT mc7httnt' ™« » town, and he had Invited him to attend the meet ing, but he unfortunately had been unable to come. Mr Blaine had laid before him a suggestion in connection with the Bowen and Townsvllle rail way eervlce. in thlB it was suggested that the train from Ayr to Townsvllle on Monday bo delayed to allow the Bowen train to connect with It. giving Bowen passengers an opportunity to arrive at Townsvllle on Monday, do their business, and return on Thurs day's train. Mr Woolrych pointed out that would mean the 4yr people being delayed un til the evening, instead of arriving on Monday morning, and they would be up in arms. It was decided that the matter be referred to a sub-committee consisting Parkes08'8' Woolrych' G«n«on and This concluded the business of the A schoolmaster relates that when he was one day about to punish a small boy, the miscreant, evidently recalling an experience at the dentlBt's, ex claimed, 'Please, sir, may I have gasT'  BABINDA NOTES. I I (For the "Post" and "Herald.") i _ if Clement Wragge was a resident of this area at thc present time, and was asked to expresse an opinion on the weather, no doubt the verdict would be very peculiar, owing to tropical disturbances. The mornings are hazy and foggy, and then when old Sol takes sway, the heat is al- most unbearable-hot, humid, stifling heat, with scarcely a breath of na- ture's pure, fresh air-those condi- tions last until about mid-day, and then comes* another change. Far away to the north the dark and threatening clouds begin to gather, and thc continual rumbling of thun- der and vivid*flashes of lightning pre- dict that we arc in for a good old j thunderstorm, but so far, as the nig- ger would say, it's only gammon. .Certainly we have had a few smart showers, and on the nth we had a young cyclone; but it was that light and of such short duration that it is scarcely worth recording. However, there is no occasion for any person to predict a drought for this area, for no doubt it is only a matter of time when the usual bountiful downpour will come in earnest, and- our present con- ditions clearly foretell the coming of heavy rain. There is and always has been a peculiarity that exists in those sugar area's, and'that-is-the number of strong and- apparently healthy-looking men who will make your acquaintance quick and lively. Their trouble is al- ways a shortage of cash, and they have no hesitation in asking for a bit of yours, just enough to tide them over their difficulties, and once more allow them to enjoy the good old pot of beer. This privilege, I am sorry to say, is hall-marked, and held exclu- sively by the Britisher, for on no oc- casion have I known the foreigner qr colored gentleman to take on this bailing-up game. All sugar areas can boast of this unmanly piece of busi- ness, and Babinda is no exception to the rule. Mooliba way the same old co.ndi : tions are still in existence, and the I battle against weeds and pests is a I heartbreaking ordeal, and means for the producer a lot of worry, hard toil and an early grave. On Buckland's road it is much about the same, and j after an inspection I only saw one I holding that could be classed as a I farm, and was fairly free from weeds; I but this part is not alone in its efforts to go straight while crooked legisla- tion wills it otherwise. From the South Johnstone and the Burdekin I have received letters that tell the same old tale--toil all day and worry all night, and no prospect of any ease j or pleasure in the future that has to come. It is glorious for the producer to be always staring at a sea of dif- ficulties and carrying a mountainous load of anxiety and worry. Babinda mill has stopped chewing cane for this season, but some of the machinery has to be kept in motion during the dark and lonely hours of the night, for the State Hotel must have light. There are some who are not in the know, but would anxiously like to know, if this bit of expense is going to be added on to the accumulated load that thc producers are carrying, or will the beer-suckers have to bear some of the burden. I was always under the impression that we had a sort of "fix your prices affair." Per- haps I'was dreaming: but I know that I get a shock from stern reality when I go for the daily allowance of bul- lock-one shilling per pound, please. ! Just fancy, one shilling per pound for I scrag in civilisation. It is simply a I case-of fix your prices right enough. During the week Babinda has been well supplied with amusement, and the picture hall has been kept going at high pressure. The Archer Com- pany had a crowded house, and it is really wonderful where all the spare cash comes from in this part. I notice where Dr. Knowles is go- ing to make a bid for the Shire Coun- cil. It is to be hoped when he wins the position he will invent some useful method for extracting the load of sorrow that the shire employees are .carrying in their boots. For the few months ahead there are bound to bc washaways and holes on the various roads that will require to be promptly repaired. It is really marvellous the number of men who come looking for work and then won't take it on if the work happens to be close to a hash-house. You might get some to put in a week or two; but if it means erecting your own camp, it generally ends in a case of nothing doing.'" The old-timer, who loved to be free and independent, and enjoy the liberty of his own camp, has vanished and became a dream of the past. The members of the School of Arts held a meeting on Friday, the nth. In sugar areas institutions of this sort j generally have a difficulty in being successful, as the sugar workers are mostly unsettled for a part of the year, that is, during the slack season. An- other thing, as a rule they don't in 'dulge in good clean reading matter a Buffalo Bill or some German in- spired rag satisfies their wants. How- ever, the Babinda subesribers are tc be congratulated on their present po- sition. The number of subscribers is only 42, which speaks for itself in a thickly populated part, and where sc many are enjoying constant employ- ment. At the present time there is « credit balance of £34/14/-, with'thc Government subsidy to be added, anc the library has been enlarged by tin addition of a fair number of nev works. Among the names on the committe« I noticed Osborne, Carter, Johnstone alid others. Where the name of Os borne appears, subscribers can rest as sured that they will get a square deal Mr. McLean is secretary for the in stitution. The Babinda farmers also held thei: meeting on the 13th (lucky number) Naturally, it is the same old state o affairs-some are contented, and witl others you can add the "dis." It hap pened when Sam Griffith held thi reins, and was giving us a -dose o what he called "Democracy." Bill Little introduced an affair that hi called the Central Mill system. O.i paper it looked all right, and the skiti of members assured-us that it woul&lt; raise the poor and honest landowne to a state of affluence and prosperits'. Experience has taught us.to cry false hopes, and also to add, "never put your faith in a jawbone breaker. Our local auctioneer held a stock sale on Saturday. The Babinda dis- trict is a picnic ground for stock at the present time. There is grass in abundance, and instead of it being a Messing it is quite the reverse. There are many who bathe with impunity in Babinda Creek. The old hands generally make use of the shal- low water, as they do not .care about risking a battle royal with the nimble saurian. I noticed a nice specimen the other day that an abo. had cap- tured in the creek. Perhaps this may have the desired effect of making the numerous youngsters look before they leap, and it is the duty of the parents to caution them from bathing in the "deep holes. The Red Crossiworkers of Babnié» have been a credit to the district in the past, and by their efforts a fair amount of cash has been gathered for the heros who are at the front. As [.I have not seen a report appear in the "Post" for some time, it is to be i hoped that the Society will still for I ward their usual report for the bene- fit of the general public.  A Line of Soothsayers. Very probablv the modern meteorologists would not feel* flattered if told that they were the lineal descendants—professionally, of course—of the astrologers and soothsayers and augurs of olden times. Hut they are, all the same. The old Roman augurs and the Egyptian astrologers and the horoscope-casters of latei days were all the pioneers of modern meteorologists. With them must be bracketted those dear old people who used to make weather predictions upon the strength of a pain in a gouty toe or "a touch of the rlieumatiz." The flitst class used the properties of the meteorologist to impose on credulous folk. The others used commonplace means to reach the same conclusions whieh the meteorologists arrive at after much painful study of quasi-scientific data. It would probably be too caustic to suggest that there is not such a wonderful-gain in accuracy, though the "rheumatiz" has been displaced by the aneroid and the aching corn by the anticyclone. They all belong to the same family. The astrologers studied the stars and the alleged effect of them on the lives of human beings. They cast individual horoscopes. The meteorologist studies the heavens also, and gives a daily horoscope to whole communities. The astrologer was a retail merchant, and the meteorologist is in a wholesale way of business. That is the chief difference. Perhaps the meteorologist is more often right in his predictions. Perhaps he is, but few people would like to affirm such a thing. The meteorologist is often verv wrong, unless, like the astrologer and the oracle of all times, he phases his prophecies in such -ambiguities as will cover anything that may happen. A Modern Example. Take our Commonwealth Meteorologist, for example. lie presides over the weather destinies of a whole, continent—of almost half a hemisphere. It does not worry him much. He gets off two prophecies every day of his life. A midday one and a night one. It would be hard to "sav what his percentage of correct predictions is"; but this is certain, that it would be a high one. If the figuras were published, it would be found that Mr. Henry Ambrose Hunt was right eight times out of ten. But, then, that does not mean very much. The ordinary citizen, who does not know an anemometer from an isobar, is able on 300 days out of the year to sav with the greatest accuracy what the weather will be like. It is on the other sixtyfive days, when he cannot tell, that he wants a meteorologist to prophesy for him, and the curious feature of the business is that it is on these sixty-five davs that the professional prophet finds his skill rii sort him- The same natural paradoxes that disturb the judgment of the ignorant man in the street also upset the calculations of the trained observer in the Meteorological Bureau. He prophesies fine weather, and it rains all day. He puts all liis monev on rain, and the day is a glorious one. He heralds a south breeze, and a howling northerly blisters the paint off the houses. Poor meteorologist, he is execrated, and pitied, and despised all because he cannot achieve the impossible. He is looked upon in the same light as a health expert or an agricultural expert. "What's the good , of having a meteorologist if he can't tell us what sort of weather we are going to have ?" ctfc? the man in the street. "But I told it to you on 300 days in the veaT cries the meteor-etc. "Yes, but we knew it ourselves then shouts hack the M.T.T.S. And the professional guesser goes hack to his chart with a heart full of anger against the unreasonableness of the public. Blessed Are Hie Meek. Mr. Henrv Ambrose Hvnt is a pleasant, meek, welt-fed gentleman, who seems quite out of place in control of such an untamable gang as the Australian weather' elements. It is impossible to imagine an Antarctic disturbance sheering off from the coast of the Commonwealth out of fear of Mr. Hunt. On the other hand, he is just the sort of man that a malicious anti-cyclone would love to aggravate and annoy. He should be beetle-browed, and fierceeyed, and stern-jawed, full of strange words and fierce epithets. How the storms and blizzards shook in their shoes when Clement Wragge was in the height of his glory. What names he labelled them with. How he made them the laughing-stock of the aerial world. They fled in terror from him. Mr. Hunt is too mild, too meek. He is no disciplinarian, and the winds refuse to obey him. He has never called a disturbance a naslv name yet. The most he allows himself is to tab them as "lows." Of course they are low, and low fellows require stern treatment and rare force of metaphor and language. What does a ripping, tearing, icy blizzard from the South Pole care for the neat, wavy lines and the careful, precise language which Mr. Hunt uses to describe it ? It laughs in his face, and camps on his doorstep for weeks out of sheer impertinence. They snap their fmeers at him, whirl liis wind-gauges round at fearful rates, plav tricks with his barometers and thermometers', and laugh up their sleeves all the time. Poor Mr. Hunt. He cannot control them, and so the public begin to regard him as a meteorological failure. An Empirical Art. The truth is that Mr. Henry Ambrose Hunt is an earnest student of meteorology. But he knows very little about it. That is* no reflection upon Mr. Hunt. He knows most things there are to know, hut these things are so few and so imperfect. The finest meteorologist in the world is the gentleman who is at present at the South Pole with Capt, Scott. He knows more than Mr. Hunt, but he knows very little. He has gone to the South Pole to try and learn a few more things, and lie. has gone to one of the storehouses of meteorological knowledge—the Jiaunt of the Antarctic disturbance. He will see the family at home, and get to know them by their pet names. In these days of advanced scientific knowledge, when nearly everything can lie reduced to a formula of sonic sort, people are apt to forget that meteorology is the infant sister of the sciences. It is true that it dates back to the beginning of things. It is true that the ancients sought to predict the weather just as we do, but it is also true that we know very little more about the business than the ancients. Most of the things we know arc that the ancients were all wrong in their premises and methods. We have not vet discovered the correct ones. The Australian aborigine prophesied floods, and droughts, and rains, and storms by observing the behaviour of insects and animals, which acted on instinct. We have driven out the insects and animals, or perverted their tastes, and left ourselves with no guide but Mr. Hunt and his assistants, and they do not know. Meteorology is a science—if it can be called a science at all—of mavhes and perhapses. It is all probability and doubt, with the law of averages twisted out of all shape. A Meteorologist's Work. Anyone can be a meteorologist and make weather predictions. The Australian method is chiefly a comparison of barometric pressures added to a lot of hopeful guesswork. But the modern meteorologist is doing far more useful work 1han prophesying about the weather. It seems to Matilda that the only thing of importance to-day is that she should know accurately what the weather is going to be like, so that she can wear a suitable dress. There is no doubt that the Meteorological Bureau is not much use for that. Where it is of use, though, is in the collection and compilation of records. Perhaps in fifty years or one hundred years, when all the records which have been so patiently collected, rain, pressure, temperature, wind velocity and the rest, are dealt with in the light of the knowledge of that dav it may be as easy to determine the weather of any par- ticular day in the future as it is to discover the exact' time at which the sun or moon'will rise. But that day is a long way off. It is the millennium of meteorology. To-day the meteorologist is - trained to observe and record. That is his real work. His weather predictions are a disappointing digression from the day's work. The only help they are to the progress of the "science" lies in the manner in which they have been falsified—the conditions which upset the conclusions come to. At Work in Sydney. It is hard to say why Mr. H. A. Hunt became a meteorologist. He is an Englishman, born in London forty-five years ago. He was educated in England, and came to Australia when he was eighteen years of age. He entered the Sydney Observatory, intending to become an astronomer, and gaze at the stars in theit courses. But Fate made a weather expert of him. The weather side of the Observatory work in the days when the States did it-was always despised "and rejected hv the Government astronomers. Tliev did not like being regarded as tipsters, though Mr. Clement Wragge got much fun and no little glory out of it. Mr. Hunt was given the meteorological work of Sydney, and it was interesting work. Sydney weather usually works up or down the coast or comes from inland. There was always plenty of warning of the approach of trouble, and Mr. Hunt earned quite a reputation as a weather expert by hanging signals from the Sydney Post Office clock to indicate the weather which would arrive in the next few hours. He became^ the great meteorological authority of New South Wales, and the charts and weather notes he inaugurated there were the envy of other States. In 3 00C he was made Commonwealth Meteorologist, and came to Melbourne, the grave of weather experts' reputations. He has been here five years learning all the time how nuicli there is to learn about Australian weather. A Fantastic Science. In appearance Mr. Hunt suggests the musician or the poet rather than the weather prophet. He has a mane of black hair and a mammoth black moustache. He could make a fortune as one of those musicians whose hair is their chief accomplishment. He is also something of a mechanical genius, and has invented quite a number of queer instruments which are designed to operate on the weather in some way or other. He is proud of his work, and deeply interested in it. But he lacks the accurate cocksureness of the scientist who knows that his .science is a thing of certainty. "Whatever is, is" is the infallible rule of the real scientist. "What seems to be. may be" is the meteorological rule, and Mr. Hunt lives up to it. His opinions are all hesitant, uncertain. They have to be. They may all require to be altered in an hour or two. There is no known rule of meteorology which is constant. All are liable to variation, to contradiction. It is a science of paradoxes and absurdities. Tt is the, only quack science which is solemnly accepted in the world to-day. Mr. Hunt is continually setting out to prove theories of the greatest importance. After months of work, he finds that he has failed, and has to go hack to the beginning again without any certainty whether he -was right or wrong. He is the head of the most fantastic department in the Commonwealth There is useful work for it to do. but of Hint the public so* and understand nothing. All that presents itself to them is .the daily guesswork, the least important phase of the work. The newly fus,"d Liberal organisations have e^lqhlishod nn official Liberal organ. The same fiing was done before the last elections, and •lone so badly lhaf. the cause suffered by the whole hog in which its political director misren resented its opponents. The new journal seems to be based on better lines, hut there are pome Splendid Deakinisms in it, notably "The Past is behind us. the Future is before us." The editor cvitlcni.lv knows what's what.  f PROM VARIOUS SOURCES Kunnlng a country uowspnper Is not all sunshine. A rural editor givos tlio following hint:—"Tlio fellow who can play billiards, Bmoko cigars, have slx ponny drinks, shout for others, trip it to Sydney, to to the racos, etc., should not ovorlook the tact that lie owes us a couple of quid." "D'ycr seo that there old covo corn in' outor Jonos' pub?" remarked the way-back log-puller to a new arrival. "Well, 'e's the champeun boozor ov this locality. He's boon drunk fur a quarter ov a century, an' If 'a ,woa tor wake up some mornln' an' (lud 'ImBelf sober I do believe the shock would kill 'Ira Twelve months ago 'o wos bitten by n tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too." •Did the man die!" the now chum asked. "No," replied tho bushman, "hut tho snake got bllud paralytic drunk." Beauty Is only skin deep, but curves is curvos. "The Secret of Smart Dress," runs a headline lu a contemporary. Somo of the costumes wo have seen recently had nothing secret about tliem at nil. "Johanna" tolls this one in tho "Bul letin"—An exalted military gentleman iu Melbourne found himself besot by an untidy young woman of about 26 in a suburban street tho other morn ing. "Yon'ro , ain't you? Well, Hill can't ,50 to tho war." "My good womru, I " "I toll yell straight. Bill can't go to tho war, an' 'o won't, so there. Bill's engaged t' mo; then he goes and enlists t' fight tho Ger mans. Well, he wou't go, see. He's j said he'll marry mo, 'n' ho ain't goln' j t' get off bo easy. 1 givo you my word." Can't you picture Bill In aI snow-fllied trench, with a bullet in his neck, getting oft easy? All men are born free and equal, hut tho majority of them marry later on. | Of troubles connubial. Jars and di vorce, This, wo believe. Is tho fruttfullest source; A man falls In love with a dlmplo or curl, Then foolishly marries the entire girl. There was a man in our town And he was wondrous small. Ho bought a big barometer And put it In the hall. And when the mercury went down Because of wind and rain. He climbed on the umbrella stand And shoved it up again. If everybody on earth spoke the truth and nothing but the truth for , twenty-four hours, we should find our selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution the world has . ever known. I>ast week (writes "Gossip," of the , "Stock and Station Journal") I had | two schoolboys staying with me, who ' were on their way from Bedale's School, In Petersfield, Hants, to Scot land. I took them to all the things we had time for, Including the "White City," and the play of "Grumpy," at the New Theatre. They had the time of their lives. We visited the Tower | of London, and they saw the "Traitor's .Gate," the site of the scaffold where people used to be shortened, the idle soldiers, the ancient "Beefeaters," and all the armor and the guns and swords and crossbows, and weapons, of mur der. They were greatly interested, and when we came out I said, "Now, boys, what interested you most about the Tower? What is the strongest Im pression that you bring away from the old place?" The bigger and older of the two (nearly 15) said:—"Well, my strongest impression, after seeing all the armor and the weapons of war Is that the people of those times were fools." Before I bad time to express my views, the younger one said. "Well, we're bigger fools now," "Amen," said I to that, and then we talked! "Northerner" writes:—Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain whlclr promises that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn'-t profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 Inches In one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsvllle which doesn't get Its ten Inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact .remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeatB it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean antl-&lt; cyclones which spell rain for the south o£ the continent. The penrl (lsliors at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to tlio (street that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid ono we have a*\vet ono. Wo can do with It. j  TIIE NORTH-WEST CYCLONE ? (To the Editor.) Sir,— Just allow me to say in atmele #«'« '« 'the CentriweiuS Bureau. Brisbane, hod been la exist mce-Lhe annual vote for which dia not exceed fisnn *»«? «?*_.._ _?*.. — - — ' *™.a «--uuuin— ??Hires* days' wanKiur et least wouM hav' beer. i given of the recent cyclone off ths it& °°a*t °' AustT-ula- Voura, fhii ELEMENT L. -WRAGGE. ChUtern, Victoria. March ».  SHEISMS. The Denmcii's Dettnl— sawbones' Soiree— Various ceraplaints cecbsEre Critics- JuvcaHe Flog Flop— The Poato— Ladies at j ISc'Ol'sc— wckEc.3. a cfiocfceroat— Heitfs Hecie-Coming— Ma&iuie Slop's sena-drr —senatorial sites— Port's PeraffiMlatfoKs — Bravo Bacemaa — Louises i Literature. j | (BY JOHN SMITH'S SISTER.) ' ' Our new Governor-General, Lady Den 1 £nan, and suite of three — Mr. Vernon, 'Captain Stewart Richardson, and Captain Watting — attended by Air. Attorney-Gen* / fecal. 'Billy' Hugiie®, as rep::«entative of I the Federal Government, arrived from j; {Melbourne on Saturday by the express, Y . end have taken up their abode at tbe ACacquarie-street mansion. Miss Queenie , vuitk accompaniea j^acy jjrmman, uie little Desmans (Tommy and Judy), Major jQuitter, Captain Sir Walter and Jjady JBarttelot, arrived in Sydney on Thursday. In honor of the arrival of the Demnans, I „ the State Government hung -some bunting send ffloral decorations on the railway Fta tion/and provided the usuai .military guard 6f Iionor. The Lieutenant-Governor, Sir ^William Cullen, met the new vice-regals tbe station, and tendered the paw of [welcome. Premier McGowen and menu toers* ol the Ministry were also there with simitar peaceful Intentions. - Altogether, the welcome was a soothing function, and 1 the ladies of the party were loaded with ! flowers, as usual. The general public did j not stake any alarming interest In the - **we&6me,' but then the general public ] fas |somet2dng else to do on Saturday j jborsinss. The first levee will be held i ? i: ? ? _i on Monday morning at 12 o'clock, at j Government House. I The UOTmans are going to spend some money on Society frivols. On Friday, Sep tember 29, there is to be &? ball, another on October 2, amd a garden party for the odds and ends and unconsidered trifles on October. 2, and, .so that the Yarraites will not be jealous, they are told that three stmilar sprees will be given to them during Cup time — balls on November 6 and 8, and a garden party on November 10. However; Sir William and Lady Cullen are starting the Spring frivols with a garden party at 'Cra® brook' on Tuee- - day, when the new. vice-regals are ex- j peeled to make toeir social -debut. j During the 'week, sawbones, microbe* - Investigators,* and pain-eradicators have I been arriving ifcn Sydney from all points of the compass, and on Saturday opened their congress In the Town-hall, Tm told that It is eighteen years since a medical , congress wa£ held in this city, so I plead guilty to knowing nothing about the talk- ; (eg capabilities of the last one. Of course, . the medicoes will discuss all the ills flesh is .heir to, all the new cures, all the new aches acid 'fttees,' but all the discussions i will not be purely scientific. There wlU j be & proposal to aboHsh all hospital fees, J each patient— except In the case of ac- [ cident— signing a declaration that he or ' she is not In & position to pay for treat- . ment. By some such means the medicoes hope - to shame well-to-do people into ? paying full fees at private hospitals, in- ; stead of taking* advantage of public hos pital treatment and paying a little weekly. This . Is all very fine and large from the point of view of the doctors, especially us many of them have killed the goose who laid the golden eggs by sending in a bill as long as a pelican's, and, in ad dition, there are nurstp' wages. Few people can afford to be ill in these days of specialists and trained nurses. How ever, the doctors only propose; the , Government disposes. j All the time will not be taken up discussing diseases and finances. The Government will entertain the Congress at a harbor picnic, there will be a recep iJon at the Town-hall on Tuesday night with both food and music on the menu, a garden party at 'Yarolla,' in addition to Uie one at 'Cranbrook,' luncheons and tea-parties galore. After the congress and , nprees, there will be a week at Jenolan to ( recuperate before tbe Spring races. Just now there Is an epidemic of neural «jic pains in the head and ear-ache flying rouaid. Perhaps such Is the aftermath of the ''flu,' or perhaps 'Inclement' Wragge is responsible. That celebrity blew into Sydney recently with a number of cyclones fliat he had named 'Wade,' , 'Willis,' and 'McGowen,' and mystified us considerably. After wading through para graphs of delightfully intellectual stodge, I realised that Clement was serious, and not making jokes on the political puddle. As so many people were suffering neural gic agonies, it was satisfactory to learn that 'the conjunction of the 'Wade,' 'Willis,' and 'McGowen' winds was bad for persons suffering from nerves. Alas! Clement did not inform us how to get rid of the neuralgia and ear-ache and tooth ache — Jie simply stated the cause. At the | risk of being told that I am growing j ancient and losing my hearing, I plead . q-uilty to the middle complaint, and would } ike to know if it is necessary for my j osomplete recovery to annihilate Wade, i Willis, and McGowen — or only Wade, or j only Willis? Among the sufferers from ear-ache was j Madame NellJe Melba. That lady was so I indisposed that she coulJ not sing on [ Friday night, so the dainty Uttle Russian, j Mdlle. Axarlne made her real debut as j Mimi in MLa Boheme.' She has a sweet j lyric soprano voice, looked the character, I and acted well. Still, she is not Melba. Rather a trial for any girl songstress to make her bow In such a role after Melba; people are apt to make odious comparl* sons, and our Nellie is oai the top of the wave of popularity at present. Mrs. John McCormack is also on the sick Hat. She is in Lewis ham hospital, where a slight operation was performed on her nose last Tuesday, and she is pro gressing satisfactorily. Mr. Langford Kirby 3s to be reckoned among the indisposed. That humorous gentleman finished his contract with the 1 J. C. Williamson firm last week, and in- ! tends spending the next few months : among the pure merinos in search of ; health, before leaving for Fogtown and j George Edwardes. | Speaking of Meteorologist Wragge re- I minds me that that gentleman's wife is a ? Hindoo lady- She resides at Auckland , with their small son. Perhaps? that ex- j plains why he mixes up 'the flight of a ? soul' and other quaJnt relfgiocs beliefs with his talks on astronomy and winds ; and cyclones. j The Spring weather, or the Spring beer, ] or something, must have got Into the ; head of the 'Bully' musical critic. Fol- ; lowing the example of the 'Bun,' he al ludes to Aiei-oa, ine greatest lyric soprano and the acknowledged world's prima donna, as 'Australia's greatest songs tress.' One can forgive such ignorance in the ''Sun.' hut such bad bloomers in the cocksure 'Bully' cause one to laff. Also the remark that Melba in too plump and, healthy for the role of Mimi, as were also Amy Castles and Bel Sorel, is very wide of the mark. Neither Amy Castles nor Belle Sorel played in 'T^a Boheme.' The only Mimi we've had prior to Melba was Signorlna Bassich, of the Italian . Opera Company, who was small, thin, and dark Amy and Bel may have died as Butterfly, but as that character commits 'hari-kari,' there is no necessity for the players of the role to be thin and emaci ated. What some alleged critics don't know about grand opera and singers would fill several books. I struck this literary pearl in the 'Bun,' and haul it out of its shell for the edification of actresses. Some alleg ed girls are objecting to the mythical Valerie Desmond's opinions of Sydney women, and, in the puerile screed it is thus written: — Owing to the heat we are compelled to use just a little. pow- der to keep our complexions from burn ing, and also for coolness. But paint is out of the question. On one or two occasions halve we seen girls painted, but only those of the lower classes and actresses.' Doubtless stage ladies ol' all degree, beginning with Melba and Miss Irving, and finishing with the legs of the ballet, will be charmed to find that they rank after the 'lower classes' In some people's opinion. . j Parliament took a -half-holiday bn ! Wednesday to witness the school chil- ; dren's display at the Sydney Cricket j Ground. A wandering tourist once said j that every day that was not & holiday in Australia was a race day, and now j that I've found our legislators giving ] themselves the day off in order to watch ! the youngsters wave flags, I'm satisfied j that one excuse is as good as any other. \ goca &«u mue uaavb: rancy fa. r- ? ! 1 lament adjourning so that our law . makers may attend a youngsters' treat! {. ? ? . ♦ It oertsinly was a pretty sight, some 7000 children, dressed in all the colors ' of the rainbow, grouping themselves in \ the shape of a Crown and the letters G. and R. on the green . grass carpet. ' Thanks to their parents, .the youngsters j wore dressed for their ? -parts — their i clothes transforming them into sap- - phires, emeralds, rubies, diamonds,' or the particular portion of George'a golden lid that they were chosen to represent At a signal, each child -waved one flag — the Union Jack — In the air with ' their right hands, and the band played 'God Save.' The children gave three cheers right off their little chests. Then another signal, and the 7000 waved another ljag — the Australian ensign — with their left hands. Then another signal, and they wave-S both arms together, the -band playing 'Rule Britannia' for all it was worth. There were about 15,000 chil dren present altogether, and about 20,000 spectators, including Lady Cullen, Mr. McGowen, and other State members of Parliament. In addition %o the dis plays, the children had other amusements —running races, dancing jigs, reels 'and flings, tor prizes, and also maypole dances. ? * , ? Altogether, the youngsters had a good time, and there Is no doubt that they, are well drilled and nimble dancers, if they aren't scholars. Mr. McGowen was : delighted, - and declared that the sight ; was a magnificent one,, and; better .than anything he had seen diirlhg his . visit to Fogland. He had seen a great school 1 display at Islington, when he presented - Frlnoess Henry of Battenberg - with a' 1 flag, and made a few remarks to the! ' cHlldren, but as the weather was wet and drizzling, and the children looked poor, and were not dressed in costume, the function was not as happy as the Sydney one. I hardly know what to say about the ' political pantomime at Parliament House i —one likes to entertain a little respect I for ancient institutions. You've heard the expression, 'See Naples and die'' — well, hear Mr. Speaker Willis drawl out 'Aw — aw — aw — der' every ten seconds, and then explode on the doormat. I''ve never heard anything like it before. It's a cross between the moan of an unhappy poddy call and the wail of a banshee. As the sound of it fractures the atmos phere, the galleryites rock with laugh ' ter, and the squeaks of hilarity make the portraits of old Parkes and Robert | son fown. On Wednesday night somebody drew attention to something that appeared in the 'Herald' respecting the Speaker's treatment of Mr. Wade, and one legisla tor. suggested that they should 'fire the ?xierald's1 reporters out of the gallery.' i The press boys, scenting an adventure, ' brightened up considerably. I guess some of them would Jiave enjoyed be- 1 Ing 'dred out.' But the Speaker took! no notice, except to murmur that some | people might find themselves in trouble i for contempt. So I hope I can't be le- 1 gaily hanged, or smacked, or fired out I for criticising the milk-and-watery 'Aw — aw — aw — der.' | ! * ? ? ; Parliament having taken the after- 1 j noon off to attend the dog fight — I mean I the school children's sports — there was I 'a great crowd of femininity waiting to, j get into the gallery. At half-past 6 per- I mission was given, and the crowd of I i petticoats — perhaps it would be more correct to say skirts, for, judging by ; their figures, many of them indulged in no petticcats — rushed through tho cor ridor and up the steps like a crowd of Sydney people charging the free buffet at a public function. Wragge's- torna does were not in it for noise, push, and general scatter. Those who got in flrst took the front seats, of course, and the majority took off their hats, making themselves very much at home, and chewed lollies while waiting for the ora tory to begin. I noticed that the prevailing tint of the front row hair was eighteen carat, so evidently cedar brown hes gone out of fashion. The second row did not take their chapeaux off, though several of them were as large as a racecourse, and quite blocked thv view of the third row, who stood on the seats of the vel vot-upholstered chairs, so that they would not miss the fun. Late comers pushed in any old place, elbowing through the crowd rudelj*. I quite un derstood why one old dame in a brown hat had two hatpin-? sticking C inches through each side of her hat. One would have liked to be a porcupine under such squashy circumstances. Everybody talked, gigglea, and shuffled about, nnd when the debate wnxed fierce I saw one damsel in tho second row jump on to the seat of her chair, then put one foot on to tho back rail of the chair in front, and balance herself, so that she could see who was speaking be- 1 neath. I found myself wondering if the j Liberals would lose their woeful ex- / pjessions should she overbalance and turn a somersault on l!m floor of the : chamber, and r-n- really surprised that ' some of the pushing damsels did not sit on the front row of the gallery and dangle their legs over. j And why will women walk about with | a lot of fireirons dangling from their . o tfrnAc : ; h silver chatelaine, but their metal jin- i gle, so redolent of Peter Bowling's leg- 1 irons, is not a pleasing accompaniment .to. a speech — even a cheap politician's speech. ? ? ? I notice that Mr. Speaker Willis has ! issued some new orders, Strangers are ? to be addressed civilly, but not fnroll- j iarly, and no liquor Is ifo be served them ; in the waiting room while the House is | sitting. And no loiterers are to be en- j couraged. With all due respect, I spb- i mit — to quote the crushed Mr. Wood, from.Bcga, 'that be might draw up a few for the better regulation of the : ladies' gallery. For instance,' ,- . Ladies will not stand on the chairs. I lAdie.4 must not stand on the backs ? { of the chairs in front. | Ladies must not point with skinny or ! podgy digits at honorable members sit- ] ting on the Opposition .benches. The Opposition is not handsome, but it can not help its collective face, and its gruel has a very nasty burnt taste at vrcsont. Ladies must not chatter during the debate. Neither should they chew rock, j-attle their geegaws, and rustle news papers. Late comers should not push in and stand up in front of those who have come earlier, and secured seats. * * * None of these rules can be considered very arbitarary. The country has a right - ? to expect that the females who attend 1 ' the ladles' gallery at Parliament House should be as well-behaved as the people ' who attend a 3d picture show. I don't i i know who is responsible for all the free | and-easv vulgarity I witnessed at Par- i ! liament House, but I guess it is time a : I 'chucker out' was appointed to -keep ' ; ofttor in the gallery that is sacred to my l sex. | * * ? Douglas Mawson is in luck. Mr. Mc I Gowen has promised to give him £7000 [ towards his Polar picnic, and Mr. Fisher ; has promised to give him another £6000. ! Premier McGowen explains that Maw \ son's is the first Australian Polar expe ! dition as an excuse for his liberality I j with the taxpayers' money. '' ? * ? [ ? Professor Marshall Hall came over , from Melbourne to hear the Melba Grand Opera Company. The Professor, who rjins a conservatorium of musdc on his own. fcas written an opera, which will be staged In Melbourne in a few months. The onera and atmosphere are Australian, and Its name 'Stella.' Roslna Buckmaan is to sing the principal soprano role. Esta D'Argo, who was Hetty Holroyd ten years ago, before she went to foreign lands to make a name for herself, is due here on Tuesday, and will camp at tae Australia Hotel. Her friends have ar ranged a formal welcome for her at the ?railway station, and on the 22nd of this month a reception will be given by. the various musical societies. Miss D'Argo's first concert occurs at the Town-hall next Saturday night. Mr. Ben Davies, the - famous tenor, Is a Joint star In the con- ! oert combination, and Mr. Edward Goll 1 te the pianist. Though the musical are busy welcoming concert stars, they do not forget to speed ; the parting ones. Madame SlapofCskl Is | preparing for a trip to London at the end of the year, and a farewell concert, is being arranged for her benefit. Her ad mirers met at the 'Stralia to discuss pre liminaries. As Madame 'Slap' has ever bfeen to the front when her services were solicited in sweet charity's name, it Is to. be hoped her benefit Trill be a bumper one. Fancy Thomas Kingston dead! Mr. WII liamson has announced the sad event, so there can be no doubt about It. Thomas, whom we all loved and appreciated, whether he played Parsifal the 'Simple and Pure or the bad bold hero in 'The Girl of the Golden West,' was a hand some man, and only 4$ years old. His correct name was Shipwright, but his paternal progenitor did not build ships, but was a wealthy London hairdresser. Mr. Kingston was supposed to be wealthy. His wife, who accompanied him the first time, when he came to Australia twelve years ago with the Nance O'Neill company, was Adeline de Lara, the famous pianist. There were two sons of the marriage. The engagement is announced of Max Maxwell's widow. Number two elect is George Porteus— also in the profession, 1 believe. Max, .who died from appendicitis, left an estate worth a thousand or so. The will was proved a few months ago. Even an accident has its compensations. Sir 'Garge' Reld's doctor has realised to allow him to attend the Anti-Alcoholic Conference at' the Hague. Imagine our great diner-out' being expected to de« nounce the champagne when it was amber! My sex Is becoming so strenuous that 1 feel I am a freak or a fossil. For in stance, there are three ladles — Mesdames Dwyer, McNamara, and Beddle — who are aspiring to the Senate. To be sure, there is nothing strenuous about the Senate— a woman could snooze there qulte-ais well as a man — but the getting there . entails a bit of work and ,,worry. However, the strenuous three 2»ve sent in .their names as candidates for the Senate in the Labor cause, and will- talte their chance with the 27 mere men who have similar ambi tion. A ballot will be token later on. Then there Is Mrs. ? Park, who walkefl over from Melbourne. She took five weeks to do the Job, and Is in time - for the Spring meeting. The lady did not explain whether she tvas afraid to trust her precious energetic body to the care of the Victorian railways— they have so many accidents down .there that there may be method in her madness. She just men tions that she loves walking, and did the .stroll on a diet of cereals, egga and cream, with 'olive oil and. w^ter as stimulants Mrs. Park is the mother ol ten children, also a, grandmother, so she , , is no spring chicken, and tJhere .is every excuse for her . feeling so pleased with i i hezself for making a record of 30 miles I per day. After such a feat, the old lady Ol -4 wno cut a oacis wow tutty take a back seat. ' ? ? ? And there is another lady — Mrs. Bate man, of Rose Bay. Recently she pre- ; sented her spouse wifib triplets. ? On the last occasion the achievement was only : -twins, so the lady- has evidently taken | ' the scoldings of Mr. .Octavlus - Beale rc the low birthrate to heart. Arid I reckon j I it is up to the Government to hand the lady some, token' of its appreciation. If i they can give the 'Mawson picnic £7000, : they should at least give Mrs. Bateman— I never was good at multiplication. I In Merrie 'England, good old mother is ] havang a busy time. The schoolboys arc ( on strike — want, less cane and fewer les- ' sons and a few pther triiles— and' mother j and her slipper appear to have .taken a j prominent part in the quelltng of the dls- j turbance. And, as an antidote to the j hustling life of the sex that 'is supposed t to be the weaker, there is the case of the French vin^-dresser, who has just woke J up after sleeping for eix months. Talk j about the sleeping beauty! The _ champion snoozer has been -fed dally with five pints j of milk, so liis complexion should be just j ripping. .... - I * , ? ?- Should think that .the -memoirs ot I Louise,, ex-Crown Princess, of Saxony, i lady, who was supposed to have eloped with her son's tutor, M. Glron,' In 1902. .was the mother of six children. There is some doubt about the elopement— sh« may simply have bolted to escape being locked up in an asylum by her rfather-ln-law. Anyhow, she married fiddler -Enrico Tos elli, in 1907, and has since applied for a divorce from Jiim.- A few months- ago her first huefoand, the Crown Prince, arranged^ for her to Hve' with ' her''- mother, the' Dowager Grand Duchess of Tusrany. Tho memoirs are 'printed in English, so there should be ample' material .for some nep*. comic operas. Comic opera, like panto mime, must have a princess. -  MERRY APRIL. Mr. Wragge's Latest Brands. - . Mr. Clement Wragge had a spare evening at Petersburg on April 1, and he sat down and wrote a "special advice and forecast. At the time' he was in the quiet of his bedroom, "surrounded by a cyclone of papers, instruments, and literature, scattered all over the floor." He determined to utilize the leisufe by having - general look round upon the impending weather :conditions of Avetraliaa; -""'Imrimis, the great antarctic disturbance amed Ulysses, is about 500 miles southest from Albany. That he looks vicious is to put it mildly. Within the time assigned in our forecast, published on March 27. he win influence the area, of the Great Bight, and sweep thereafter.in majesty towa«Is the eastern States. . His eastern wmbra is, bowevjer, running a djViJate, tayingljeen blocked byihe western isofars •of the high pressures, whi ch. acted -much as the cushion of a. biflikrd table '^epels the " ^ jnaihly operate between the peraUete -of 37 and SO de^^ but his eastern and northern edges will .cause waraier weather in.South Australia under winds from between north-east, north, north-west, and west, with occasional nasty local blows and foxv dust-spinnies. by _ which hats wiU go flying to leeward and opportunities occur for snapshots in the streets. These conditions will also affect Victoria, Tasmania, and southern New South VPales in turn as the disturbance passes eastwards, and- thereafter the winds trill- shift "fo £0iifli-itp©s^aa&lt;i-60iitb, followed in Course generally-by more bJeak -weather and rain" as the barometers begin to rise again. Sydney, and the region thence to Gabo, Hobart, and Melbourne will get another good, doing before 12 days from date have elapsed, and thus ample warning is given to pasengers and shipping. Ulysses' will reach JTew Zealand before April 15, and he is expected lo reDew the floods and rain the south island and ebewhere. Thus the Dominion is •warned. The western half of 'Agamemnon', caused the recent delude south from Dunedin, and the bad weather ih Cook's Straits, and even yet this nastnamed distnrbance has not ceased to influence Maoriland. "Surveying now the far north-west, the monsoon named 'Anan' (having already canjr-d hea.vv rain and a lot of bother north from Geraldton) is still much in evidence. Local 'willy-willies' are yet likely under his -sway, and shipping in those parts cannot be too careful. liter on *A nan' will push his way inland,' and cause a renewal of muesy swelter, especially in the northern ports of South Anstralia with probable electric storms. Queensland will enjoy charming weather, and we see nothing at 'present to threaten that State. "Once la.=t stance at Ulysses,' because we are immediately concerned in his advent Remember, g-ood people, he is coming, and is bound to affect you more or less Vot only so. He will probably be followed* by a satellite, or loop, named 'Sinon,' after the perjurer of the Trojan war, with a lot of coastal rain. "So April will witness a merry time and those in harmony with Nature will relish it like a mollyhawk enjoying titbits from the pantry. Pax vobiscurh! Let readers study Virgil and "the Iliad of Horner 1  INTERSTATE. SYDNEY, April 9. The Liuigow Vufons have decided I to fcM Qi a branch of the Federation of Labour. Au iutor-Colotiial FcdoraUou ulti mately will be formed.for th«* more successful carrying, out of strikes. MELBOURNE, April 9. Whoa tlmslng a rabbit at Tabriek a man uatued lSdward Lyou fell over the cliff iuto a creek below, -a distance oi forty feet. Hie companion climb ed down the cliff, . plunged into the creek, and brought the injured man, who was unconscious, to the bonk. Every effort Mae made' to reeusltate him, but without suocess, mA on 'be ing examined by a" doctor llf? was pronounced extinct. MELBOyRXE, April. 9. Mr. Fisher's new design for coat of arms for Australia has been tenta tively approved by-tbe HeroM'a- Col ege, London. A few suggestions have been made, but these tbe Prinio Minister etates are for heraldic pur poses, and do not affect the principal features of the design. The nt*w teat ol arms is composed of a shlcM divided into eIx compartments, in citch of which is inscribed tbe badge of one uf the States forming the Common wealth. On one side Lite shield is supported by a kangaroo, and on tbe othf-r by an emu, and wreaths ot wattle blossom flank the word "Australia." When a delegation from the min ers employed at tbe State Coal Mine waited on the general manager, Mr. Broome, to-day, .with, a view of se curing a compromise on some of . the main issues in dispute, Mr/ tiroom* objected to tbe personnel of the .delega tion and refused -to meet it. t The men held a meeting arid declft&T to 6tand by the delegate objected to. I'JBJRTH, April 9. The oinputo between the slaughter* men and the master -bulbiior&^ot 4C&1 goorlle remains unsettled, and tiie supply ot meat ceased on Wednesday, but on Fiidny the employees took up Work nt the abattoirs. They opened .wo co-operative st}ops qhd on Satar dny these shops were-crowded, 40,000 lbs .of meat being sold. In connection with the toes of the Koombaua, Clement Wragge has writ ten to the Perth newspapers to the effect thai If the Central weather Bur eau of Brisbane WAS in existence three days' warning at least wauld have been given of tbe recent cyclone 'which caused the disaster. AUCKLAND, April 9. The seventh annual Conference of the Provincial Black Chapter of the Orange Lodge at Palmerston North passed a resolution expressing their lieartfelt thanks to the Unionist mem bers of the British Parliament for opposing tbe Home Rule Bill, and ex tending tbelr sympathy with their breathren in Ireland In the fight. WELLINGTON, April *. Five Chrlstcburch youths, who had declined to take the oath under the Defence Act, making enlisting com pulsory, were yesterday sent to prison for three weeks. SUVA, April 9. tn distributing (he prizes won at the Annual Rifle Meeting on Monday (light tbe Governor, Sir Francis May,' made a statement as to tbe Moroccan question showing tbe view of a bigh official during the cftets. He Mid that in September last be had communicated ?with hie provincial officers urging pre paration for grave contingencies. His audience would know he referred to the situation created In Morocco and resultant probability of war. He ex horted riflemen to take a eerloiiB view of tbefr duties.  TH E P O ST .WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1913. ANOTHER WARNING. The cyclone season is making its ' approach, and another tropi- cal disturbance is announced as having formed to the north, and now travelling south. Year after year these convulsions of nature have manifested themselves, on many occasions with disastrous effect, and unfortunately at .times have -come upon the community -without any warnincr. , So serious is this subject that when the Commonwealth Meteorologist (Mr. Hunt^ visited-Cairns some months, ago, a deputation from the Chamber of Commerce, con- sisting of prominent commercial and shipping "men, waited upon him to urge the establishment of a meteorological station in North Queensland, so that storm warn- ings would be received with grea- ser expeá|tioj^an'd^ itv at íárgé ¿venvreasbnable no- tice o£ the approach of tropical . disturbances. -, it will be ' remem "bered that Mr. Hunt, at that in- terview, dealt" with the subject . from many points of . view, but was not apparen'tlv seized with the grim importance of the . fact .that through these cyclones.more men had been drowned between Thursday Island and Townsville to the square mile than . along any. other, portion of the vast coastline of Australia.. His .re-? Tnarfein^general Mt the députa-:^ tion little to be grateful for, and he blanMv refused to establish à meteorological station at Cairns or any other port in the Far North. Since .then more - than one ship-master, trading to Nor- thern waters- has tak"-i th's mat- ter up stro^ely. and the Towns and Cairns Chambers of Commerce are still activelv agit- ating for some better means of storm warnings. In a letter to [ ¡ ther Press, Captin -levine; who j went through" the? memorable- cy- clone off Cairns ^ Jannairy;::last, said : "The Australian shio mas-' ters are np moreTänxious-?£o meet hurricanes 'thánfihe rietîorôlog ist, and they would like£to keep from them 'asifaf ' away as he does but unfprtuäa|e|y? they- cannot, and that as.jus't^.exactly'why the Cairns Chambéï^pf Commerce as- ked him for ablation in the cy- clone-belt. ' ;They did not ask him ".to\ transfer tie station from i Brisbane, \ 'as he informed the j Press they had done. They ask- ed on behalf of the seamen,' the : travelling public, the North! Queensland people, and Austral- j ians at large, that a competent ! meteorologist be sent to the ¡ cyclone, belt to study these hur-¡ i ricanes." When" "discussing the ; i- matter^with.JûiMË^ùnto^Ma^Cj of,J3oñ^ércÍ!_JHr_IHnnt -said 3»«t '" if a meteorological station weTc" established at Cairns, . and tele- graphic commûfticâtion. were cut' , off, the place would be ineffective He also mentioned that wir±iess [ would plav an important part in storm warnings in future. Out of Mr. Hunt's own words there, iris I es one solution of the dttfriilty. ' Granted' that . telegraphic :. lines . are down in á hopeless ^tangle :-îl over the country, and communi- cation with the North shut off, whv not establish, a , northern meteorological station with a wireless, equipment ? Thursday Island has a wireless station, so has Cooktown. Lei the same be established by the Federal Gov- ernment at Townsville and Cairns and there will be ample warning çiven of the approach' of 'storms. Regarding the present disturb- ance which has manifested itself over the Gulf of Carpentaria the Meteorological Department has with promptitude, forwarded ur fent warnings to Northern cen- tres, but Mr. Hunt and his officers have only to:thank the telegraph service for that: Once the lines; aije down,' the Meteorological; Def partment in Brisbané and .; Mel- bourne: will be impotent? f tb promptly advise Northern resid ents of the approach of danger. The situation demands a. North- ern meteorological station, fully equipped and in charge of an; 'ex- pert. In the words of Captain . Irvine, "There is hardly à family In North Queensland that has not ^en^ts-share^^ of 'thé 'cvclöne at sea \or öri-^.^tl. If .blood Is. the'; price lof rth'eïmetri eorological í stationl then we haye,, bought, it, fairly:''' "in cpndusion, setting- aside for the "moment- the* question .of , communication -. by land lilies, or by wireless,- ' there marks of that" renowned meteoro- logical :' adviser, -^Mf.. " Clement Wragge," are worth'" noting-: p'^l guarantee that if I were resident' either at Cairns, Townsville; Bowen, Mackayj_.of.'-Rp^h?.niptóa durrri^he^íító my- own'.* - private .. instruments . not a ; stp'rm'"should slip through mv fingers without "most - ample warning beinj given. I am very ! decidedly ; of opinion ;that ' in ' ex- isting-- i circumstances; - a . special weather bureau should be estab- lished -in North Queensland, '.say at Cairns or Townsville, entirely independent of Commonwealth control, and the sooner it is done the better.: Surely Queensland will listen to my voice ! " ; . '  A "PROPHET'S" PREDIC TIONS. HEAT WAVES, CYCLONES, . 'QUAKES. Australasia is in for a bad time. Past disasters will pale into insignifi cance if tlie predictions of latest pro phets—or even a minimum of them— come to pass. And there is always a chance that one may strike it right, and establish a reputation tor accur-. ate foresight. Many weather prophets have arisen in Australia of late years, but they have been content to^stop at predict ing for a year ahead. To Barmedman, however, belongs the honour of pro ducing a prophet, who has eclipsed the predictions of all the .names known to . Australia. Egeson, Russell", Wragge Hunt, and the niaii from Moree are not now in it. The new man is silent as to. his system. It may be as simple and as convincing as aching corns in the act of foretelling -rain.; But whatever it is, neither time nor distance checks its efficacy. Isobaric pressure, liigli lev- ■ el stations, lr tes, barometric observat ions, and the like^ which are believed to figure largely in the elaboration of the forecast of a day or "so have been overshadowed. Even Z'adkiel,' Old Moore, -and tlie other great predicters, have cmitented themselves with hazarding the doings oE a day but the Barmedman prophet's predictions "are enough . to make the boldest of Australia's citizens shiver in his shoes. Neither Mr.McGowen nor Mr -Wade, nor the' Egyptian, plagues could promise greater disast ers than Mr H. Walsh, of Barmedman,. who writes under date, May 2,. as" follows:-— , "During the first part of 1913 there will be great heat waives, ca'uSf Ing many deaths, cyclonic disturban ces, causing towns and shipping; to be seriously affected; • and devastating1 floods causing.great.loss ot life and, property. : : "Droughty conditio^ .jsyjlj , rule, more or less until"'. 191$.' ' Then -there will be a return to a succession of good seasons. There wilF- :He'i;?an" earthquake in New Zealand in the year 1912; and an earthquake' in Australia before 1917; and, owing to . the great depression'that- is about- to affect this country, free'or assisted immigration to Australia will cease in 1913. . The great drought of 1912 will continue until the end of this ■year.—(Signed) H. Walsh,- the Bar medmanWeather Prophet."  POPULAR ASTRONOMY, LECTURE BY MR WRAGGE Forbes has been on the qui vive for the past week or two in antici- pation of a visit from Mr Clement Wragge, who may with truth be said to occupy a foremost position amongst the world's meteorologists, and whose popular lectures through- out Australia, illustrated as they are by rare slides, are so eagerly looked forward to. Astronomy is such a vast subject that it is not an easy matter to make it interesting to all; only the thoughtful and intellectual fully appreciate a lecture on the sub- ject, and, unhappily, the majority are not both intellectual and thoughtful, and there is unfortun- ately in this generation a tendency towards the burlesque play, the taw- dry novelette, "what's the matter with father?" and "The bloodstained pirate of the Spanish main." But Mr Wragge handles his stupendous subject so lightly and airily, and spices it with touches of delicious humour that you feel at the end of the lecture that you have been un- consciously acquiring a knowledge of the universe, which otherwise could only be acquired by hard reading, or a course of study. The lecturer was introduced to his audience on Tuesday night by the Mayor of Forbes (Alderman J. Ed- wards) and by the Rev. J. McDowell (Presbyterian), who had been asked by the Mayor to officiate In his prob- able and unavoidable absence. But a Council meeting lapsed for want of a quorum, and the Mayor was per- mitted at the last moment to attend. The audience was large, and restive because of the heat of the full hall, but the lecturer maintained an edu- cative and discursive discourse. The screen on which the pictures were thrown announced the astounding fact that the value of radium is £3,584,000 per lb, and the lecturer further expatiated on the virtues of this rare element, a saltspoonful of which was sufficient to raise 500 tons a mile. "There is only a tablespoonful of it in the world, and I have the finest specimen of it in the southern hemisphere." It is found in pitch blende ore in Austria, and "there is no reason why it should not be found here in Austra lia," he added. Taking his audience with him by his easy conversational comments, and without overburdening them with the weight of figures, Mr Wragge showed how the emanations of ra- dium would travel 186,000 miles in a second, and yet it would take 2000 years to reach Alpha Centauri, whose solar system is our next door neigh- bour. By a vivid picture, he started out with his audience with a glitter- ing, clear, cold phantasmagoria of millions of stars, as seen through the bright rare atmosphere of the Himalayan mountains (Mr Wragge pronounces it Himalayan, with the accent on the first vowel "a," as in far). Next he visited the great Lick observatory, in the United States, wth it's 36-inch great equa- torial telescope, and we saw the wonders of the heavens through it; then the constellation of the Great Bear (Ursa Major) , with our own Southern Cross, and its two poin- ters, the lower of which is Alpha Centauri. Here followed one of Mr Wragge's apt illustrations. "Im- agine a railway," he said, "from the earth to Alpha Centauri, and the fare one penny per hundred miles, and what would it cost to reach that star? £700,000,000! The national debt of Great Britain! And then you would have to ask for more! How much? Another 200 millions! Travelling at 60 miles an hour, which is about the speed on the Forbes railway—(Laughter) — it would take 41 billion years to reach your destination! Who'll take a return ticket?" (Laughter). And so on, with here a sarcastic touch, and there a deliciously hu morous side remark, we went with him wondering at immensity, as- tounded at our littleness, in ador- ation of the Great Almighty, and roused from the serious phase every now and again by some quaint quip. He was describing the sun spots, the tremendous hurricanes, vortices, and cyclones of whirling combustion in one of these heat centres, and of how, in the combustion of the hy- drogen in the sun, the flames leaped outwards from the sun's surface to a height of from 60,000 to 324,000 miles, and he showed us our poor insignificant little earth in the chaos. It looked the size of half a-crown. "And yet you can't see Forbes, or Mr Speaker Willis, or Hosltins' smelte s at Llthgow." Space doesn't permit of following the lecturer all through the constel- lations of the Pleiades, Cygnus, and Orion, nor of describing the magni- ficent pictures from the sensitive plates of the observatories at the Lick, Heidelberg, Chicago. "Death is change; the spirit, or the soul, or the ego is immortal," said the lecturer: "nothing is utterly destroyed, no thing can be lost. If you could an- nihilate even the smallest insect, you would upset the plan of the uni-. verse." Some of the youngsters in the audience laughed at the idea of not being able to destroy the flea; : it tickled them. The holocaust of plague bodies at the sacred city of Benares, in India, was used to illus- trate that death is only change. Visits to the South Pole, with pic- tures of the auroras, or sun spots, of the milky way, and of a number of eclipses of the sun, Vesuvius in eruption, and of the effect of an eclipse of the sun on the nervous system of a hen, causing her to lay two eggs consecutively. Then, in the second part, beautiful views of the moon, and to finish with, a view of that rarest of elements, radium. Frank Denison Brown, general manager for Australia, of the Singer Company, has been arrested at Fre- mantle, on the steamer Morea. He will be brought back to Sydney as soon as possible. Arrangements have been made to extradite the firm's accountant, John McPherson, who has been arrested on a charge of embezzlement at San Francisco.  FROM CLEMENTT WRAGGE. Birkenhead, Auckland, N.Z. 'The Editor, Stock and station Journal, ! Sydney. Sir, — A paragraph has appeared in a ! Melbourne paper which stated that Sen ator AJaughan had requested in tue Sen ate that a more efficient system of weather-warning stations should be es tablished in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland. Coast, and that the Com- I tuoiiwealth Meteorologist has Intimated ! that the Brisbane Meteorological obser Vitory is not up to dAte. ? ; fid'or 10 years 1 ; was- .head ? '.of the ', Queensland Meteorological Service and 1 during that time 1 established, as Mr. i Itobert Philip, a former Premier , freely admitted 'A meteorological ; and weather- warn lug .sy.-.ceni second to none in the world.' I Had everything tirst class wn*-n 1 left Queensland m lbO.'J, and as everyone knows 1 used to issue weather forecasts lor every part of Australasia which were verified to '.to per cent in accuracy. Mr. Hunt has done me a cruel wrong, and I can only look to an Im partial and just Press for some measure of redress. The Commonwealth Me teorologist talks of installing new in struments specially suited to the North ern climate. Allow me to say that 1 personally fixed in position In Queens land the very best standard instru ments in all parts of the country, in cluding Cape York. Peninsula, and the far west. St'.ch instruments arc avail able all the world over, and the soon er that the Minister In charge and Senators generally realise this, and ask a few pertinent questions in the House the belter it will hj for the general j public and shipping. My vote was only (l.'iiM a year, and the amount now granted to the weather Bureau exceeds, I understand, t-'J.uUJ annually. Great goodness, what do : they do with the money, what have they done with it'.' The 'Kooinbana ' went down and so did the 'Yongala.' and not a word of warning appeals to have been Issued by the federal Meteorolo gist, who just lately has been conduct- j lug a series of grotesque experiments ? In Melbourne, showing how the last ; named steamer must ha\e foundered, j That Is great consolation truly lo widows, and orphaned children I If (lie Queensland Weather IJureau had been , operating under my regime most ample warning would have been given. In existing circumstances a special Weather Bureau ought to be established at (.'alms or Townsville before the hur ricane months entirely Independent of the federal control, and the sooner this ib done the better. The whole matter is in the hands of the public, and so 1 leave It. | Let Justice be done though the hea- i vens full, Yours, ftc., - CLEMENTT WKAGGE, l'.li.H.S., i'.K. Met. Sve.. etc. I.ate Goverunieut Meteorologist of Queensland, Formerly of Ben Nevis Observatory, Scotland. J0/t»/'l3.  FROM VARIOUS SOURCES Running a country newspaper is not all sunshine. A rural editor gives the. following hint:—"The fellow who can play billiards, smoke cigars, have six penny drinks, shout for others, trip it to Sydney, go to the races, etc., should not overlook the fact that he j owes us a couple of quid." j "D'yer see that there old cove com in' outer Jones' pub?" remarked tha way-back leg-puller to a new arrival. 'Well, 'e's the cnampeun boozer ov this locality. He's been drunk fur a quarter ov a century, an' if 'e wos ter wake up some mornin' an' find 'imself sober I do believe the shock would kill 'im. Twelve months ago 'e wos bitten by a tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too." 'Did the man die?" the new chum., .isked. "No," replied the bushman, 'but the snake got blind paralytic drunk." Beauty Is only akin deep, but curves, is curves. "The Secret of Smart Dress," runs. * a headline in a contemporary. Some, of the costumes we have seen recently had nothing, secret about them at all.. "Johanna" tells this one in the "Bul letin" An exalted military gentleman, in Melbourne found himself beset by an untidy young woman of about 25' in a suburban street the other morn-; ing. "Yo»'re , ain't you? Well,.! -Bill can't &lt;jo to the war." "My good woman, I " "I tell yeh straight. Bill can't go to the war, an' 'e won't, so there. Bill's engaged t' me; then he goes and enlists t' fight the Ger mans. Well, he won't go, see. He's .said he'll marry me, 'n' he ain't goin' j t' get off so easy. I give you my j word." Can't you picture Bill in a I snow-filled trench, with a bullet in his neck, getting off easy? All men are born free and equal, but the majority of them marry later &lt; Of troubles connubial,, jars and di vorce, This, we believe, is the fruitfulleBt source; A man falls in love with a dimple or curl, Then foolishly marries the entire girl. There was a man in our town And he was wondrous small. f-Ie bought a big barometer And put it in the hall j | And when the mercury went down ( Because of wind and rain, | fie climbed on the umbrella stand And shoved it up again. If everybody on earth spoke the truth and nothing but the truth for twenty-four hours, we should find our selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution the world has ever known. Last week (writes "Gossip," of the "Stock and Station Journal") I had two schoolboys staying with me, who were on their way from Bedale's School, in Petersfield, Hants, to Scot land. I took them to all the things we had time for, including the "White City," and the play of "Grumpy," at the New Theatre. They had the time of their lives. We visited the Tower I of London, and they saw the "Traitor's Gate," the site of the scaffold where people used to be shortened, the idle soldiers, the ancient "Beefeaters," and all the armor and the guns and swords and; crossbows, and weapons, of mur der. They were greatly interested, and when we came out I said, "Now, boys, what interested you most about the Tower? What is the strongest im pression that you bring away from j the old place?" The bigger and older j of the two (nearly 15) said:—"Well, my strongest impression, after seeing all the armor and the weapons of war is that the people of those times were fools." Before I bad time to express my views, the younger one said. "Well. ; we're bigger fools now." "Amen," said I to that, and then we talked! "Northerner" writes:—Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the | prospects of the rain which promises that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before j Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it j should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the ! case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, J and it was to the extent of 21 inches j in one part of the tropics. Though this . is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti-, cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl flshers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and'when they have a placid one we i have a wet one. We can do with it.  : LOOKING : BACKWAID." The following is an, extract from a rd port which appeared in '! The Horshnm Times" of a lecture delivered in,. Hor shak? lyi Mr. Clement L. Wragge on De cember 10th, 1002 :-" The trough of the sun spot minimum thrgugh which we had been passing fell about the end" of 1900, and the :succeeding , minimum was due about 1911. Thus we omight expect in creased -energy in our atmospheric sys tem-cyclone and anti-cycle such as have lately been experienced in Queenstand and Now:South- Wales, with dn increase in rainfall.' While the more liberal rain fall was in shason preparation should to made for the follo-wing minimum, due about 191-1. Let the rivers be iocked and other steps takens to cnuserve the water and minimise the evils of drtought. Ifesdid not say that a maximm -.rain fall would actually be -experienced pre cisely at:the time n-amed, but he would bay that goodseasons .were surely evolv Ing-that -1903 would witness a marked difference. and that 1904-5-6 would pro bably be good years in these Austral lands. If the drodght would only arouse the people of this great country and teach them a- lesson--to -conserve water when there was plenty, and to lock the rivers,-then it would not have been all loss."  NEWS OF THE. DAY. OXLY SCATTERED SHOWERS. Light rain was reported from Melrose and Wallaroo at 3 p.m. on Friday, and ?passing showers at Euola. Temperatures were cool to moderate, and at Adelaide reached a maximum of 64.9 deg. from a minimum of 45.3 deg. The Meteorological Department reported last night:— During the 21 hours previous to 8.30 a.m. on Fri day light and scattered' showers were re cordea over the western districts the highest amounts being 020 at White Well and 0.17 at Encla. Friday's weather chart ihovrs that the large anti-cyclone over western Australia has extended well in land over that State, while similar condi tions exist over eastern Australia. These cond.tiona have conduced to keep the dis turbance which moved towards the Bight on Thursday well down, and later reports indicate that it is being forced away 6outh wards, and at present we can expect only scattered showers in ' this State with its passage. Mr. Clement Wragge telegraphed from Wirrobara laat night:— The influence Df the disturbance 'Hecuba' will probably extend even further, north; than Hawker, and a considerable portion of. the agricul tural areas, as .before intimated, will get a refreshing rain more or less: 'Hecuba' merely retrograded waiting the opportunity to strike, and this is no new. disturbance at all. She mil affect the eastern States in - tie terms of our forecast issued last Sunday. . Remember 'Queen Dido' to fol low in July.  NOTES ON CURRENT EVENTS. The last issue of the 'Government Gazette' contains a series of by-laws and regulations which snould be of interest to travellers. Here is one which a good manj travellers would no doubt like to see en forced : — .'No person shall give or offer a gratuity to any employee of the Chief Com missioner under a penalty not exceeding two. pounds.' All the same, not one man in twenty hurrying to secure 'corner seat in smoking car, back to engine,' would have the hardihood to evade payment of the customary tip. ' w ff * More to the purpose, and assuredly much more necessary is the following: — 'It shall not be lawful for any passenger- to take possession of the seat in a railway carriage of any other passenger- who has been oc cupying such seat, and who has tempor arily left the carriage for refreshments or other purposes. Any person so offending, and refusing to ncive up the seat -to' the previous occupant, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding two pounds.' Under the terms (of this regulation a passenger mnv safely vacate his seat for a. few minutes without having to contest the claim of somebody who has 'jumped it,' and is possibly prepared to defend the claim by a resort to fisticuffs. Hencefor ward the passenger will be able ? to shunt responsibility ifoi) any demonstration of force, on to the car conductor. « » ?» * Two scientists in London have been con ducting investigations for the purpose of determining the value of different foods for the prolongation of human life. Both are believers in thoroxigh mastication. One holds that no ment should be eaten. The other pins his faith to 'frugality and sour milk.' I've known a lot of chaps who've had to be 'frujral,' and in summer timo most of us have to put up with sour milk in the evening, but so far there are no centenarians among my acquaintances. Anyhow, if q^q hus to forswear for ever p, nice /fillet steak properly grilled, life ?would hardly be worth living. it « * ? ?* Mr. , Wragge is setting a bad example ?with his dreadful weather predictions, and a number of amateur meteorologists are trying their hands at the same game. From ; time to time one favours me with a fore- ; -cast. Here is a sample. The prophet, ' writing in September, said: — 'For October , there will be great cyclonic disturbances, j Great hail and thunderstorms; terrific '? lightning. Widespreading rain and j floods!' Now, seeing that not a drop of [ rain fell until the last day' of October, and then a bare half inch, there is probably not much cause for anxiety in this- gen tleman's further prediction: — 'Great heat wave,this summer 1912 a drought, and the beginning of bad seasons/' i ° * * * « Farmers and graziers will be glad to learn that there is a remedy for the cater pillar pest. You have only to catch half a dozen of the insects, and give them a good feed of lettuce leaves. This diet brings on cholera of an infectious type. ~ You then turn the infected caterpillars loose in the mob, and widespread mor tality will be the more or less immediate result. The plan is simple, but there are Bome trifling difficulties in matters of de tail. A visitation of caterpillars generally means pretty rapid destruction of garden or vineyard. 'Whilst you are feeding up the sample caterpillars, and even for some time after, the main army will be getting in its deadly work. May it not be that a heavy roller would prove more effective? * # ~ * * The dematiu for ' 'preference to union N. Ssts' got a bit of a set-back at the Boothby election. It was: about time. Some very enthusiastic unionists are, it seems, now disposed; to question the right of a free labourer to ride on the State railways. The other day a man entered a suburban train near Melbourne, when a unionist caught sight of him and began at once to make 1;_ 'Unkind remarks, which subsequently led to V1 Iris appearance as defendant in a police '- ,, court. -According to the complainant, de ,?' fendant said:— 'Every ? scab should be ' '? Bhot.' Later^ as witness was leaving the. carriage at Yarraville, . defendant said to * his companion, 'Don't forget to stand the ? — — on his ? head.' The defen dant denied, all this, but an incredulous and unsympathetic Bench fined him 40/ for his little pleasantry. * * * * - An interesting piece of information was afforded at the last meeting of the Albury branch of the Farmers and Settlers' Asso ciation. It appears that it is not per missible for live stock to cross the- Murray by punt at Wagra, because Wagra is not . a recognised crossing place. Seeing that there is no other place within scqres of miles whereat facilities are provided for crossing, this seems rather hard on owners and drovers. There is, however, no diffi culty in obtaining a. permit to swim over the river, so that anyone with a mob of cattle can easily overcome- the difficulty by driving the stock into the waters—if they choose — alongside the punt. I think it - was Dan O'Connell who claimed to be able to drive a coach and' four through any Act of Parliament. There is consequently no cause for surprise over the discovery of a method for bullocking a mob of short horns through the regulations of the Stock Department. « « # * A happy illustration of the phrase, 'Wolves in sheep's clothing' — founded, ? by the way, on a Scriptural passage — was afforded the other day in Sydney. A 'two-lip' school was engaged in its stu dies, remote, as the scholars believed, from police observation, when a flock of sheep happened along, followed by the drover's. cart garnished with ^ billies, frying pans, and other ornamentation, and bear ing traces of old repairs effected with green hide and fencing wire. The scholars made way for the sheep, a compliment which was not returned, for when a small mob of sturdy constables emerged from the cart, the nusty comebacks barred the ?way of escape, and many of the school 'were captured. The deceitful action of the police in this matter cannot be too strongly condemned. If an innocent flock of sheep is not to be trusted, in whom, or in what, can an innocent student place confidence ? . « # * . » The return of the Liberal candidate for the Boothby election, by a majority of 2600 votes is a significant sign of the times. It is worthy of note that the battle was fought out. mainly on the question of preference to unionists, and on this point the Federal Government sustains a very severe set-back. The most significant feature of the contest, however, lies in the faot that Boothby is the best organised district in South Australia, both by the Liberal and Labour party. That is to say, ♦ for once the two parties met on equal terms. The Labour electors, of course, are always organised, but this time tho Libe rals were also in training, and hero is the result.' At last election Labour won by 4000 votes. This year, although the Prime Minister came to' the aid of his follower, Labour was beaten by 2628 votes. What has been accomplished at Boothbv may be done in other places if tho Liberals choose ^ to work. # * -H Ji- lt may have been noticed by some readers of this column that I am not on all points mute in agreement with tho single tn.xors. ? It is all the more satisfactory to discover that there are sonip questions on which I can heartily agrees with them. Here is one. At tho last meeting of the Executive Pounce of tho Sydney Single Tax League, the following resolution was carried iuia- i nimously : — 'That the Sydney Single Tax League enters its most emphatic protest j against the imposition by the M'Gowen i Government of an increased income tax | and the re-imposition of the stamp diities, j believing that these ta-xes will have one effect only^— to tax labour, and place a serious burden upon trade and industry.' The single taxers in this respect are un doubtedly on the right track. The Labour people have an idea that these charges will fall on capital alone, but no greater mis take could be made. In some form or other nine-tenths of the impost will be 'passed on' to the worker. * * ? * * . It is the minor troubles of life that worry. The ''other day a cha.p that owed me half-a-crown (borrowed money) got blown up in a gunpowder factory in Chi cago, having left Australia many years ago in order to rise in the world, and inside of 48 hours the whole affair had gone out of my mind. On Wednesday an incident really less serious in character, formed the subject of a.unoyance which bids fair to last for a fortnight. I bought a tin of boot polish, and prior to putting in an ap pearance at a tea-meeting, I proposed raising an extra superfine lustre on my balmorals. The opening of the tin was a necessary preliminary, and here came in the annoyance. I tried to open it with my fingers, but whilst the lid would not come off, several of the nails on my left hand, and the thumbnail of the right, proved less obdurate. A sardine tin opener in the same connection proved quite unreliable, and a final resort to- the toma hawk was responsible for the singular resemblance of my left thumb to a' ripe tomato. Now, there's a moral in all this. People before now have made heaps of money out of small inventions calculated to make life easier for the common man. Here is an opening for the clever mechanic. Assuredly there is a fortune awaiting the first man who patents and puts .on the market a tin of boot -polish that can be opened, without special mechanical . ap pliances, or the employment of language ? subsequently to be regretted. » # « * A new form of outrage is reported as being common in places of public enter tainment in Sydney. Some person — it were charitable to suppose him a maniac — has -been frequenting public assemblies, and ripping up the. dresses of ladies with some sharp instrument, probably a razor. It is said that within the last few weeks the costumes of no less than fifteen ladies have been irreparably ruined in this manner. Special efforts have been put forth to dis cover the offender, but without avail, no less than five dresses having been ruined in one evening, as the report puts it, 'right under the noses of the detectives.' * » * * . It is stated that the proprietors of the public halls concerned have made good the damage done to the wardrobes of their patronesses, and have also offered a re ward for the arrest of the perpetrator of these outrages. It is to be hoped that these efforts may be successful. Offences of this eccentric character would seem to be epidemic. Similar outrages have been reported1 in other parts of the world,- in- cluding JiOS Angeles, where -the police authorities issued orders for the shooting of the ruffians on sight. The introduction of Lynch law is not perhaps desirable in the Commonwealth ? but, on the other hand, neither is the acclimatisation of this new phase of 'Jack the Ripper*' business to be tolerated ; and* if this particular offender— caught red-handed — should hap pen to encounter severe treatment from the husband, father, or brother of any of his victims, he will not meet with much sympathy at the hands of Australians. LIPPONDAIRN. Political Address. — Mr. Owen- Gilbert, ex-M.L;A. for Newcastle, will deliver an address in Alburv to-night in the interests of the Liberal party. To Contractors. — Tenders, closing on December 2, are invited for £1300 worth of road work for the- Rutherglen Shire. The Tumbarumba Shire Council calls for tenders for road work, closing on Novem ber 28. Commercial Banking Company of Syd ney.— On Monday last the Albury branch of the Commercial Banking Company of Sydney commenced operations in their fine premise's, recently acquired from the Australian Bank of Commerce, at the corner of Dean and Kiewa-streets. The banking chambers ha.ve been renovated, and externally the building is being tho roughly overhauled, this additional outlay running into £1000. The building for merly occupied by the bank will be used by Messrs. T. H. Mate and Co., who in tend fitting up several new show windows for their business purposes. Hospital Improvements.— At the meet ing of the Albuvy Hospital committee this week, the president {djly. Campbell) refer red to the alterations and' improvements being can'ied out at the hospital, which would have the effect of adding consider ably to the efficiency of the institution. The committee intended in the near future to invite the public to visit tho hospital on a Sunday afternoon, in order to seo what the committee woro doing for the sick, and how the public money was spent. He thought the public would sec that the funds were being spent to tho best advan tage-. He felt sure the Albury Town Band would on the occasion give a programme of music, I Death of a Former Albury Resident. — We regret having 'to record the sudden death on 3rd inst. of Mr. H. C. R. Smith, formerly of Mount Pleasant, and subse quently of Wodonga. Mr. Smith, will be remembered by all old residents of the district, as the capable, genial, and ener getic representative for many years of the. firm of T. H. Mate and Co. For the space of an average lifetime lie travelled Riverina in the interests of that firm, and his arri val at any Riverina station ?was always a pleasant incident in the week's experience. Some three years ago he retired from ac tive business, and has since resided with a married daughter. He was 81 years of age, and up to the date of his death, in full possession of unimpaired mental facul ties. Another Military Camp in Albury.— A special school of instruction for the train ing of candidates for appointment as war rant and non-commissioned officers on the instructional staff will be established at Albury on February 1, 1912, and will hv continued for a period of five months from that date. The attendance will be limited to 40, allotted to candidates from New South Wales (10), Victoria (9), Queens land (7), South Australia (6), Western Aus tralia. (4), Tasmania (4). An examination for entrance will be .held in each State on January 5 and 6, 1912, and applications must be made to district commandants before December 10, 1911. In the event of there not being sufficient successful can didates from any State, the nominations thus vacant will be distributed propor tionately to the other States.. Boy's Wanted— Not to be Got.— On every hand complaint is to be heard of the difficulty of finding lads for the filling of the many vacancies that exist everywhere in offices and shops. A Sydney paper de voted an article to the subject the other day, stating that formerly the advertise ments for boys required them to be smart and respectable and to furnish reference;} ; when the supply got short, would-be em ployers were content with the requirement of smartness in applicants for 'employment, but now that it' was almost impossible to obtain boys, the advertisements were silent on respectability, smartness, and re ferences—the inference being that employ ers would be glad to get any sort of boy. Testimony as to the inability of local em ployers to find boys for vacant positions — or, perhaps the disinclination of the boys to go to work — was supplied at a recent meeting of the Albury Parents and Citi zens' Association by Mr. Langley, the head master of the Albury Superior School, who said that employers were constantly apply ing to him for suitable boys from the school, but he could not meet the demand. In- some cases 20/ or 30/ per week was of fered. Still there was no response. Albury Pastures Protection Office. — At a. meeting of the P.P. board this week about an hour was spent in the considera tion of complaints regarding the heavy nature of the field duties of the stock in spector^ as a result of which ratepayers who had occasion to come to Albury to consult him in regard' to the registration of brands and other important matters had difficulty in finding him in his office. The department indicated that if the special stock duties imposed upon the inspector by reason of his office being on the border were such as to render necessary the ap pointment of an additional special officer, this would be taken into consideration. In the past no regular office hours have been observed, but, in future, to meet the public demands, tho official hours will be from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Tuesdays, Wed nesdays and Thursdays in each week. The board must see to it that the ratepayers are not incommoded, and if the field work , of the inspector is so heavy that he is con stantly called away from his office, the re quired office assistance should be supplied, in the interests of the public. The secre tary, too, is paid a salary (£85) altogether out of keeping with the importance of his duties, being the lowest salary paid to any P.P. board secretary in the State. It might not be unwise to extend both the salary and the days of office business. Sad Drowning Fatality. — A picnic party which Mr. and' Mrs. Thpmas Mills, of Albury, gave at Mungabareena reserve to a number of young people on Sunday had an extremely sad ending, when their son Charles, a youth of 19 years, lost his life in the river, There were 18 picnickers, and they picked on a beautiful spot just below the residence of Mr. W. Owen, fisher man. Four bovs of the party — Charles Mills, 19 years ; his brother Claude, aged 17; Edward Rixon, aged 14; and Otto Bockmann, aged about 14 years — entered the water not far from the camp. After they had been in for about ten minutes, Rixon and Bockmann, who could swim, swam across to the Victorian side, and on looking round saw that their comrade, Charlie, was in difficulties, having got out of his depth. The boys and a youth named Lawrence Fromholtz, who happened to be passing by, were unable to rescue .him. Claude Mills could not swim. A man named Duncan Kerr, who was on the op posite side of the river, came with a boat, and efforts were made to recover the body. Tho police were informed, and Constable Cleaver proceeded to the scene. Several others also joined in the search, but all attempts to find the body that night failed. The river is very deep whoro the fatality happened Mr. and Mrs. Mills were dis tracted at tho occurrence, and the boys concerned wore also much cast down. Mr. Mills is a drover, and his son Charles was employed at the Albury brewery. At first, - when the unfortunate boy was screaming in the water, it was thought -by some of the party on the bank that he was sky larking, and it was only when he was car ried away by the strong current that the : horrible reality of the occurrence was. grasped. The body was discovered on, Wednesday morning, 300 yards below the scene of the accident. The Bona-fide Uses of Public Hospitals. — Mr. John Campbell (president of the Albury Hospital) at the. monthly meeting of the committee on Monday night, refer red to the legitimate as opposed to the improper use of public hospitals. This sub ject has exercised the minds of various hos pital committees for some time, and Mr. Campbell thinks the time has arrived when both the medical profession and hospital committees should be protected from im position. He wished to impress upon mem bers of the committee and subscribers that they should, when giving tickets of admis sion, make inquiries as to whether or not people were in a position to pay for out side medical assistance. It was not fair to the medical men of the town to expect them to go up to the hospital and treat free of charge a man who was in a position to pay thorn. He expected the committee .-. and any other subscriber who gave a ticket of admission to tho hospital to. note this. Mr. Blacklock endorsed the remarks of the chairman. For last month they received only £30 from 30 patients. That was not 5/ per week. The president said a public hospital was not a place for a man in a. position to pay, and a man who could pay £3/3/ per weeii. should be treated privately.. The committee had to take infectious cases because no private hospital would talce them. The committee was always against having private wards where patients paid for special attention. They wanted all * patients to be treated a.likefc Corowa Electorate. — Mr. R. T. Ball, M.L.A.,.has been informed by the Railway Department, that the Chief Commissioner has approved the provision of a weigh bridge at Tootool together with extension of siding and ^tacking sites: The samj Department has written,' re a complaint in regard to supply of1: trucks for the convey ance of grain ? f rom sjtations. within that shire to Sydney, that from the 18th Octo ber to the 1st.' November inclusive, most of the trucks are requisitioned for the haul age of grain. It had to be pointed put,. that the demand on the rolling stock at the. pre sent time is heavy and in consequence of last year's wheat traffic being held up,- diffi culty had been experienced in landing sup plies at the different loading points at the time required, but the Loekhart Shire sta tions had received their share of the trades available. Referring to a letter from tK Tirana Farmers and Settlers' Associatum, asking that all leases be made available for ' settlement upon expiry, the Lands Depart ment wrote that the matter of disposing of Croyn Lands becoming available on the°ex piry of leases under which they'have besn held is receiving attention, with a view, to having such lands made available as soon as possible. A letter from residents of Days dale and Coreen had been referred: to ihn District Surveyor at Wagga Wagga for re port, asking that land in the Parish ' of Lowes be made available for workman's homes. Wool-selling After Sunset. — At the Albury Police Court on Tuesday morning last, before Mr. H. F. Roberts, P ivf the auctioneers who sold afthe recent wool sales m Albury. Were prosecuted for - fif* %iOi the-w in connection with the sales, lhe. auctioneers concerned were ?— James Row who sold for Dalgety and Co. Ltd. ; Barclay Dowhng, who sold for lounghusband, Row, and Co.. Pty. Ltd - and Henry Farrington Jackson, who sold toi Messrs James Colqunoun and Sons. In S+Va+S? °J Jame.s Row, the information bei 1911, he being then an auctioneer, duly licensed under the Act No. 4, 1898 did at the Town Hall, Albury, unlawfully put up to sell certain goods, to wit,' wool, by way of public auction, between the hours of 12 and 1.30 o'clock in the forenoon ot the said 10th day of November 1911 ' In tho cases of Barclay Dowlin' and H F Jackson, the information set fortn that they sold1 wool 'after sunset.' iur W G Henderson (Messrs. Fleming and Henderl son) who appeared on behalf of Dalcrotv and Co. Ltd., for Mr. Row, in pleading guilty, summarised the history of the wool sales in Albury. The firms engaged in the disposal of the wool had tried their utmost to have the sales effected In cTaylight How ever, every minute of davlight was wanted ,by the buyers to examine and value the wool. If the wool sales were to be held at all. it was only at night time. The firms concerned wore put in the grave position of either breaking the law or abandoning their sales. The prosecution was under an Act passed 64 years ago — in 1847. It aimed at tho prevention of dishonest Prac tices in providing that sales should be in daylight. The application . of that law to wool sales was never contemplated. Each of tile defendants was fined £2, wth 6/ costs. We understand that Mr. HoJman, State Attorney-General, has promised legis lation to relieve the auctioneers of trouble in- the future. Making Men of Them.— At tho Albury Police Court on Tuesday morning, James Clark, one of the lads who was- found guilty of disorderly conduct nt tho parade ground during instructional training about . a month ago, appeared to be dealt with bv Mr. H. F. Roberts, P.M. Clark's case had beon deferred for a month in order to ?ascertain how he conducted himself in the meantime. When ho was called, the P.M. stated that he had received a letter from - Lieut. FitaGeraldj the area officor, in. Milch, it w,as intimated that 'on tho Whole ??: . the boy's conduct had 'been good during the month.' Addressing Clark, the P.M. Said he hoped he ?would understand now that it was his duty to obey his officers, show them respect, and help them in every ?way. He would not inflict a heavy pen alty, hut ordered him to pay 1/ fine and 6/ costs. Mr. Hood appealed to his Wor ship not to inflict the fine. If the fine were inflicted it would stand as a con viction against the lad. He suggested that Clark might be dealt with as the other kds liad been treated, and let off with the payment of costs. The P.M. concurred ?with the suggestion, and said that if the costs were paid Clark could go. A Great Liberal Victory.— The election on Saturday to fill the vacancy in the Boothby (South Australia) division of the House of Representatives caused by the death of Mr. E. L. Batchelor, resulted in a substantial win for Mr. D. J. Gordon, the nominee of the Liberal Union, in a vote that must be regarded as a represen tative one, especially for a bye-election. Both the Liberal and the Labour parties had conducted a vigorous campaign, last ing over several weeks, and Mr. J. Jelly, the candidate of the latter organisation, like Mr. Gord'on, had been on trial in a former occasion, so in that respect both aspirants were on an equal footing. It ?was no secret that many supporters of the Labour pa-rty. ifelt a mistake had been mad© in the selection of a candidate who was not a resident of the division. It was hardly likelv, however, that a resident Labour candidate would on Saturday have turned the defeat into a victory. All the . conditions were favourable for heavy poll ing as a result of active canvassing by both sides, and the fact that a 52 per cent. vote was recorded must be regarded as satisfactory. This corresponds with the vote at the general election of April of last year, when Mr. Batcholor had 'as his opponent Mr. Paris Nesbit, K.C., in the Liberal interest. The final fi mires were : — D. J. Gordon (Liberal), 10,650; J. Jelley (Labour), 8,008. Majority for Gordon, 2648. Trades Union Politics. — For some years the Political Labour League of Broken Hill has been greatly dissatisfied with the arrangements that exist for obtaining the opinions of the rank and file of the league at the annual conferences. The unionists there have been complaining also that the Parliamentary representatives of the party are not men who can be expected to voice the opinions of the trade unionists. ?;' The result is that the Barrier district as sembly of the Political Labour League has sent a circular to all the unions in New South Wales asking them to reply to the two following questions :— 1. Are you in favour of the establishment of a trades union political party? _2. Are you of the opinion that the Workers' political party ehould he conducted in a democratic man ner by the use of the card system of voting at conferences. So far few of the Sydney unions have considered the circular. The Musicians' Union, however, has instructed its delegates to vote against the card sys tem. The Electrical Trades Union has in structed its secretary to reply tha tthe ?union is pledged to the constitution of the Political Labour party and cannot go out side that body. A School Effort. — The strawberry fete, ?which was held in the Botanical Gardens on Friday night in aid of the Albury Parents and Citizens' Association, was so well organised that socially and financially it proved to be the most successful effort ?the association has ever held, being at the same time responsible for a record gather ing of adults and children at the gardens,. The proceedings were enlivened by the . Town Band, and strawberries, ice creams and cool drinks were served up by a band of energetic lady workers. At the gates £14/3/8 was collected, and the booths brought in over £15. As the expenses were under -£4, about £25 will be netted for the - Christmas prize fund of the Superior Public School. The balance will be applied to the general funds of the association, or placed as the nucleus of an excursion fund. Mr. Grass, secretary of the association, threw much energy into the effort, the organi sation of which originated with and was carried through chiefly by Mesdames Lithgow, Harber, Krueger, and Hodgson. Three Bags to the Acre. — A Henty farmer assured us this week that the most that can now be 'expected from the dis trict wheat crop is three bags to the acre. In some places the return will be less. The crop ripened early, and is consequently beyond the power of being benefited by rain now. Some of the crops about Henty still look nice and green, however. Where this year's crop has suffered has been in the loss of ears, the stalks being far less weighty than last year. By far the best crops are those that have been raised on fallowed land. Fire at Alexandra Park. — As the clock struck three yesterday the lire bell rang out. The alarm was raised in respect of a grass fire which broke out on Alexandra Park. Before the- fire was got imder some of the council's crop was destroyed. ?*V Obituary. — Mrs. J. Murphy, an old resi dent of J'Jelhangsi, died a few days since in Melbourne. Tho remains were brought up from town and yesterday were conveyed to their last resting place. Tho funeral was conducted by Mr. J. Adams. On leaving the. district for Boree Creek, after a stay of K.J years, as teachers of the public school at Adolonr; Grove, Mr. and Mrs. Humphreys wore entertained. Several presentations v.c-re ma-do.  EASTERN AUSTRALASIA. ITEMS BY NAIL. The Newcastle (N.S.W.) Hospital Com mittee has dpcided to recommend the abo lition of private wards ib the hospital. The Melbourne Harbour Trust intends to borrow considerably over £1,000,000 for de veloping the port. Mr. John' Thomson. M.H.R., one of the' Federal Government Whips, has been mar ried in Melbournd to Mrs. Elizabeth Jack. Owing to the dry weather, Dargoville (N.Z.) is short of water, which is being sold at a penny a: gallon. The Rev. Thomas Nosrhcott, M3ethodist minister stationed in Milton (N.S.W.), died suddenly in a private boarding-house in[ Nowrn (N.S.W.). As the result of the recent rain, which gave a rise of 7ft., there is now about 40fi. of water in the Cmberumberka reservoir, Broken Hill. Mr. John H. Reid has been appointed As sistant Governnment Geologist in Queens land. He is at present working in the Gee logical Survei- Office in Sydney. Remarkalle crop results have been ob tained in Eugcwra (N..W.) as a result of experiments in vitalising seed wheat by the use of electric currents. The dry weather in New Zealand has caus ed a serious shortage of water in Manawatu farms and in the sawmills main trunk line district. Some millers are carting water a considerable distance for boiler purposes. A cable nmessage has been received in Sydney announcing the death of . r. Richard George Evered, managing director of Erered and Co. Ltd., of London and Birminliham. Mrs. Peter Moran. of Mile-End (S.A.) pase.l away recently. She was born in Birmingham, England, 58 years ago. She has left a husbanid, five sons, three daugh ters, and four grandchildren. The foreign missions revenue for Victoria for 1913 in connection with the Methodist denonmiiation amounted to £9,458 12s. 11d. The aictual increase after making up the shortage in bequests and specials, is £587 12s. lid. At a meeting in Townaville (Q.) it was proposed to endeavour to raise sufficient tmoney to establish a meteorological, station for North Queensland during the cyclone mionths, and engage Mr. Clement L. Wragge. Mr. Eohraim Bushbv, an old resident of Sydney, and the senior deacon of the Harris street Baptist Church in that city, died sud denly at the age of 80 years. He collapsed while speaking at a prayer meeting in the church. Mr. Fitzpatrick (Chief Commissioner for Railwfys'.in l?ictoria), after investigations abroad, has recommended the adoption of the London systen of automatic signalling when the Melboirne suburban railways are Iclectrified. The Palmerston' North (N.Z.) Borough Council has taken a further step towards mdltiicipalising the gasworks, and it has been decided to approach the ratepayers with a loan proposal of £100,000, with a view to the works being purchased. The Auckland (n.Z.) Gas Company's pro fits for the year 1913 were £48.533. The direcfors recommend that the capital be in creased to £1,000,000. by the creation of 250,000 new shares at £1 each. Mr. J. . McCullouigh has been re-elected workers representative in the Arbitration Court in Wellington (N.Z.). and Mr. E. J. Carer.deputy representative, replacing M?r. W. T. Young, who was so prominent in the recent strike. Caiptain Wallack. lately chief officer of the steamer Levuka, and a son of Licut. Colonel Wallack, military staff command ant for New South Wales, has been ap pointed master of the'. Fiji Government yacht Ranadi. Rabbit trappers in Orange and Dubbo (N.S.W.) totalling 140, have gone on strike owing to their demands not having been acceded to. The secretary of the unioin says that the men are determined to stand firm. and that the strike will affect the whole of the'State. A Brisbane medical man has indicated td the Acting-Premier of Queensland that he has found what he believes to be an abso lute corn for consumption. He has appeal ed for assistance in order to prove its effi cacy. Some assistance will be necessary for tests in hospitals. From a paddock of 70 acres at Dairy Flat, I near Heathcote (Vic.) Mr. W. Watkins ob tained the excellent yield of 1,050 bags of Algerian oats, or 15 bags an acre. The crop, which was cut for threshing, was only 4ft. high, and the gr und was merely manured to the extent of 501b. to the acre. Mr Charles Hatdy, of Mount Albert (N.Z.). has died at the age of 82 years. He lived in England, France, Spain, Australia, and California, before he settled in Auck land (N.Z.) For some 30 years he was en gaged in the bulk timber trade in the Auck land Province. The Public Works Department of New South Wales has taken over the monier pipe works acquired recently for the sum of £50,000, together with all the plant, materihk and staff. By the installation of fresh ma chinery it is expected to double the present output of the works. Alderman O. A.Benjamin,wo died recent ly in Charters Towers (Q.), was a prominent member of local sporting bodies. For many years thedeceasedgentlemanwas con nected with commercial and mining business in the Charters Towers district. He leaves a wife and three daughters. Mr. Timothy Harnett, who for 30 years had been the licensee of the Tankerville Arms Hotel, Nicho'son and Johnston streets, Pitzroy (Melbourne) has passed away after a short illness. The deceased, who was in his 65th year, was" formerly chef at the Russell-st;reet police barracks in Melbouron The Labdur Conference in Sydney is in Sfavour of abolishing the Legislative Council as soon as possible, and a committee has been appointed to report on the best method of doing this. The opinion was expressed that only labour men should be appointed by the Government to that Chamber. The Wanganui (N.Z.) Education Board has arranged for Miss Alexander, head teacher of the central infant school, Wan e?an,?i toi orn S vainoer fnr a mendh at the end of the summer vacation to study the Montessori system of infant instruction, so that it may be introduced into the Wan ganui Board's primary school system. The delegate board of the New South Wales Colliery Employees' Federation met in .Newcastle (N.S.W.), and carried a motion affirming that legislative provision should be made to prevent men from workini more than eight hours of the 24 in a mine and that it be made an offence for anyone to work more than eight hours. The Karkarooc (Vic.) Shire Council is con vening a conference of shire councils to con sider the question of legislation to prevent fallowing in sandy country right up to roads. Drift sand is a constant source of expense in scooping, and it is believed that n, ordinary circumstances a break left on the road side of a paddock would catch most of the drift. The Acting Premier of Queensland, Mr. Barnes, has received a communication from the Premier of New South Wales, inquiring en to the most suitable date for holding the Premiers' Conference. Mr. Barnes replied that he would like the conference to meet early, and, for preference, in April. He also suggested that the conference be held in Brisbane. A consignment of spineless cactus plants was brought from America recently, and taken to the Rochester (Vie.) irrigation dis trict. to be grown as fodder; which it is said to produce. The Victorian Government officers have seized the plants, which were being propagated in tins. The importer de clares'that this type does not revert to the dangerous spine-bearing kind. Mr. W A. Grubb. of George-street North, Sydney, died in the Lewisham Hospital, Sydney. MJr. Grubb, who was a native of Fifeshire. Scotland. came to Australia over 30 years ago. and was from the first con nected with the butchering business. Some 14 years ago he established the business of W. A. Grubb and Co. which developed into the largest retail butchering business in the Mother State. The frequency of accidents on the Hobart. tramway system through the electric wires breaking away and endangering the lives of the drivers and passengers is causing much uneasiness in Hobart. On the official admission of the general manager there were ten such breakages last year. Since then there have been other-. On" the Sandy Bay line there have been far more breakages than anywhere else. Tasmania is passing through an unusually dry sea..on (sacs a Hobart correspondent). The injurious effects of the summer sun have been aggravated by the drying winds. In many districts the grain crops have been much below the average, and imless jrain fals within the next few weeks. the marketable value of the apple crop will be lessened. Fodder is becoming scarce, and Hobart. houeho'ders have been warnl by the corporation to economise as much as possible with the water supply. . Dr. Beattie, the superintendent of the Liverpool (i.S.W.) Asylum, was giving evi dence in the Wafer Police Court, Sydney, the other day. The question mas whether a defendant had gone under a different I name. Dr. Beattie was asked whether the old men ever came in under assumed names. "Yes," he replied, "very often. Some of them have different names every time they come along-and also different re ligions"m Lieutenant-Colonel James Sven Wigram died in Marrickville (Sydney) after a long . illness. The deceased in early life was con • nected with the Education Department. He rose from the post of teacher to that of Government Architect for Piblic Schools. Lieut;Col. Wigram took a keen interest in military affairs from the inception of the volunteer movement. He retired with the rank of lieutent-colonel from the Garrison Artillery, and soine years ago was awarded the long service medal - for meritorious work. Women delegates succeeded in getting the Labour Conference in Sydney to in struct the committee to inquire whether women were eligible for seats in the Legis lative Cohncil. The idea was that such appointees would have pledged themselves previously to vote the Upper House out of existence. afr. P. W. Henry, a student in the Haw kesbury Agricultural College, 'New South Wales, and Mr. Valentine Duff. of the Union Steam Shin Company's Dunedin staff, have been appointed by the Taran aki (N.Z.) Education hoard to the staff of the Technical College. The greater part of Mr. Henry's time will be spent in trave! ling through the district and giving advice to any farmer who wants it. and in conduct ing classes for farmers, and superintending i agricultural instructien in the primary schools. The Fitzroy-(Melbourne) Council has had under consideration a complaint that cer tain house agents had taken advantage of increased valuation to raise the rents of houses as soon as the valuations were made known. To stop this unfair practice, the finance committee recommended that when suelh cases were brought under the valuer's notice he be instructed to make a supplc mentary valuation of the premises in ques tion. At a meeting of the council, the re commendation of the committee was adopt ed. The aggregate railway revenue in Vie toria for the present financial year, wh:ch began on July 1 last, continues to show an increase over that for the same period of last year. In a statement supplied by the Commissioners it was shown to be £3,095. 039, as compared with £2,873,070 in 1913, the increase being £221.969. There has been an increase in. passenger receipts of £30,913; parcels, .£6,878: goods, £154,130; and live stock, £31,811: and the figures for the Brightpn electric tramway stand at £10,739, as against £9,057 last year. There has never previously been such a widespread and keen interest taken in fisth ing in these parts as this se_.on (writes the Trafalger corresnondent of a Melbourne coh temporary). The district rivers and creeks have been visited daily by many scores of people, who have been rewarded with good hauls. Black fish is the variety mostly caught, and some splendid specimens have been landed, the fish generally weighing from half a pound up to 61b. The Tarwis,. Tangil, and Latrobe rivers have been the most frequented. A party of four got 225 good fish at the Tarsin River in one day. A responsible business man in Wellington (N.Z.), who has had banking experience, has been expressing grave doubts as to the bene fits of cheap money. '"I can say unhesitat ingly," he remarked, "after long experience, that the facility fcr obtaining money at low rates is by no means an unmixed blessing. Cheap money has led over and over agam to unhealthy speculation, extravagance, and ruin. The industrial world is often in the healthiest condition when the banker, in his wisdom, not for any extra profit, but to ex ercise a steadying influence, tightens his hand and firms his grasp by putting up the value of what he has to give." An officer of the battle-cruiser New Zea land, writing to a friend in Auckland (N.Z.) mentions a rumour that the war ship may be employed to take the Prince of Wales to Canada in April, instead of joining the first battle-cruiser squadron, as was understood. The same correspondent mentions that so well has the ship borne the 45,000 miles cruise that when she conies to refit at Portsmouth the whole of the de fects in the engineers' department can he repaired in three days. A report from an other source credits the Admiralty with the intention of placing Captain Halsey in charge of the section of the Pacific Squad ron in these waters. A strange case of lunacy came under the notice of the Cairns (Q.) police. A man called at the police station with a bundle of clothes, and said to Sergeant Hawkes, "I want to hand you these clothes. They belong to a man named Wolff. I killed him at Chinaman's Bay, near Double Is land.' I gave him 25 years to live. I have been following him round for the last 19 years. The conditions were, that he was not to eat, sleep, or drink during that time. Yesterday he wanted to sleep and eat. I killed him. I killed his spirit. I ath his body."' Dr. Tyrie examined the man,) and declared his case to be hopeless. The magistrate ordered him to be com mitted to the asylum for the insane. At the wine-tasting at thde Royal Agri cultural Society's CGround, Sydney, Mr. C. C. Tucker placed before the wine-tasters a light Californian wine which, though commented upon favourably, was not considered quite equal to the N.S.W. wines shown. This was I the general opinion, though, of course, it was a severe test to bring into competition an ordinary stock wine with the pick of Australia. Mr. Tucker, as a result of his 1 observations on his recent tour, considers that Australia offers magnificent possibilities to the Italian, French, German, and Swiss peasantry to come.here to settle on the land and engage in viticultural oursuits. "Yet," he says. "I have never heard of any special effort being made to attract this desirable class of immigrant to our shores." A practical outcome of the activities con nected with the Hands Across the Sea Club is the exchange between three teachers front Canada and three front New Zealand (re marks a Wellington, .N.Z... contemporary). The latter left the sister Dominion in the Makura. having come from schools in the South Canterbury Education District. The Canadian teachers arrived recently in the steamer Marama. The two vessels passed in the Pacific Ocean, and thnus was the ideal of "hands'across-the: sea" exemplified. The Canadian teachers are bright roung women, irith a taste for:educatioial adventure, andi they are proud of being identified with the first exchange' effected between any of the oversea Dominions. By arrangement with the club, they will teach under the auspices of the South Canterbury Education Board for a year, when they will return to the place whence they eame-Brandon, Malni tOLs  Settled till 1930. DRY AND WET SEASONS. Mr. Wragge and the Sunspots. In these days, when those once honored prophets of the weather— the corns and gouty limbs of our elders—have given place to scienti fic forecast, the farming community hangs with bated breath upon the utterances of the experts. The Auckland "Star," copies of which arrived by the s.s. Riverina, interviewed Mr. Clement Wragge, F.R.G.S.—the one-time Queensland Government Meteorologist, and the foreteller of the disastrous Austra lian droughts—at his home at Birkenhead the other day. Mr. Wragge willingly acquiesced when asked if he would venture a forecast. The celebrated weather prophet lives in intimate communi on with the weather portents. An odd-looking barometer was at his elbow in his queer, worlc-shoplike study; shelves of meteorological tomes lined the room. Outside was a boxlike structure which, to the un initiated, might have been a meat safe or a bird cage. It was, in fact, a miiniature observatory, in which clock-work and electrical instru ments registerd the vagaries of the aitmosphere, or turned turtle, by art alarum arrangement, to tell the state of the temperature at a given time o' nights. The Elusive Sunspot. The meteorologist fetched a huge telescope, formidable as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting rays of the sun, and allowed a bright half:crown of light from the lens— the photograph of the sun—to play on a white blotting pad. "No sunspots and no rain iust yet," was his rueful verdict. "I've been expecting one just lately. It should appear to-morrow or the next day on the edge of the sun, and when it works to the centre, condi tions will be favorable to rain." The, prophet next gave the baro meter a professional rap, jotted a figure, and dubiously said "Umph." Producing a chart of the Austra lasian regions, he went outside to test the direction of the wind to find the lay of the low atmospheric pressure region, and then com menced to rapidly draw wavy "iso bars" on the chart. Looking Ahead. Mr. Wragge has computed fore casts for the seasons of Australia up till 1930, and these, he says, are ap plicable to New Zealand, with slight modifications, owning to physical and geographical reasons. During 1914 and part of 1915, he says, the rain fall, taking Australasia as a whole, will be under the average. This by no means implies that there will be no rain. On the contrary, good in tervening ra'ins will occur, and the last part of this period will be bet ter than the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards, the rainfall will markedly increase, and from 1916 to 1920, inclusive, the seasons will be distinctly good, with abundant pre cipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to steadily fall off, and the worst part of the next great "under average" period will be 1923 and 1924. Australians will be Justified in call ing that a drought. In 1925, mat ters will begin to improve, and good seasons will prevail from 1925 to 1930. These forecasts, explained Mr. Wragge, are mainly based on the physical condition of the sun with respect to its maxima and minima moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we are nearing the end of the solar minimum—or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we on earth had no conception, were least violent. The maximum period would com mence at the end of 1915, and un til then, although he did not expect the seasons to be so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must not be anticipated. Intervening, rains in New Zealand should give a heavier fall than in Australia. In the drought he predicted, New Zea land would not suffer to the same extent as Australia, owing to its climate being insular, whereas that of the latter was continental.  MR. WRAGGE AND THE WEATHER. From Clement Wragge. Ghiltern, Vic toria:— ''Just allow me bo say, in simple jtrstice, that if the Central Weather Bureau, Brisbane, had been in existence, the vote for which did not exceed £1,500' per annum, three days' warning at least would have been given of the recent cyclone off the north-west coast of Australia.'  Meteorological Notes--14. 1896-A January Hurricane at Towns vllle-" Sigma." The ©utstading features of 1896 were a hurricane at TownsvSlle towards the end of January and severe frosts in the middle of the year. Although the rain over thfi greater part or the State was below thf- average (&lt;il.win. at Blackall), the average for the whole State was slightly above the normal. For nine months of th« year the rain was below normal over most of the State. Blackall being the centre of the western district had 24.76in. spread over 57 days. Only 102 points fell in January, but February caused biy Hoods in tli*> Barcoo for lJ.bbm.; Tambo had '...ilin. during the same peii,,d jundah 4^3. Windorah 134, with oniv lib.3 for li.c- year. Other dry areas were: Thai - .mindah, 307 for Febru ary'. with 11 TT for the year; Birdsvilie, 14 'with 1'iih t'3S for the year; Boulia. r.rr, with l &lt;'? t1 ? . for the year; and that drv station iust without the border, Oiiepah. 24 points, with 809 for the year. Half ot 11K- year's total for Blackall fill in the second month of til,, vcar, as already stated. Other falls' were 1 ~~ in April. 101 in Janu ary; no lair, fill during June, 1J4 was puu-&lt;*'&lt;l i" .Inly, and 369 made a k&lt;>&lt;»; liniih i ' tlu- year, the rain dur ing the |ifive months being under an ir-e.i. and the sixth month dry. Slav i.. .'isu-red 44 points. Other ivgistert ' .lit;lIIS w^re: -t entral Highlands--8*32 points, on C7 days. Northampton Uowsn, ^|t;I , ? t \'UI Till LiOW lands-Alif- -S4l*. on 48 days Aramac. I."'*-' on 4S days. Bar (..aldine, 17:'.". un 55 days: Bowen Dunns. "-S" cr. 2!&lt; days; Darr River Downs-. Evesham. 1465. on IB dilvs; Evi.r.% -076, on' 40 days; lsis foi'd 42 days; Longreach 268^! on 3:* days; Mount Cornish 2026," on St' days (no record for Janu ary) ; Muttaburra. 2259, on 46 days; Saltern Creek 23!>7 (six days recorded for August ar.'i the last three months onlv); Tangorin, 1544, on 34 days; Wcilshot, 304 on IS days (for last six months only1: Westland1, 428 on S days (for last five months only). Other localities-Winton, 1091, on 40 days; Diamantina Lakes. 740 , on 31 days, beaten only by Monkira and Windorah for drought, both places being under seven inches. Hughenden, 1920; Rich mond. 1412; Springsure, 2868; Eme rald, 2947; Clermont, 3427; St. George, 205S: Charleville, 2520. Very heavy rain fell in the north, especi ally in January and Februajrj*. at Townsvillf. during a hurricane (of which we will write later). In \iew of la§t week's cyclone in the north the figuree will 'read with interest. In January 21>57 points were registered, and in February, 220S, March 1098-11 feet of water in three months! Bowen had but little rain in March, but in January gauged 3635 points, and 2JS4 in February, 5S.29in. for two months -more feet of rain.-The heavy rain continued to work down the coast. Mackay had 2131 points in January. 3232 in February, a total of 53.63in. The hurricane petered out as Cape Capricorn was reached, Rockhampton measuring 27u0 in January, and 2044 in February, a total of 47.44in.; Glad stone had 3256 for the two months, while- at Brisbane the total for the iant period was 4497 (Cape Moreton 17GS). It will be interesting to com pare the January rainfalls for 1918 with these. We will have a look over notes on rain distribution for the year 1896, taking the State lis a whole. In Janu ary ti e rain was generally below the avora&f. inland and south of the paral lel of Bundabtrg, but above north and east of a line joining Bundaberg, Miles, Hughenden, and Gilbert River, also on the north coast and 1'eninsula. except inland between Fairview and Thornborougli: very heavy on coast district between Townsville and Tropic of Capricorn. February-Very wet and greatly above average generally, except in the extreme south-west, vrtiere below j.verage, IB inches above averatif. at Cape York, 12 inches above at Charleville. 10 inches above at Mut taburra. Elgin Downs. Blackall and Brisbane. March.-The whole of the State south from the parallel of Bowen, also around the Gulf and most Of the Peninsula was well below average Rain was abovP average north "and east of a !ine joining Char ters Towers, Gilbert River, and May town; also on extreme north of Penin sula and near St. George. April Greater part of State below average, but above west and south of a line joining Normanton, Boulia, Spring sure, and Cunnamulla; also above of! the East Darling Downs and all the Peninsula north of Card-well, and Mt. Surprise. Below average round Gulf between Normanton, Georgetown, and Musgrave. May.-Much below average generally, except on north coast be tween Cairns, Thornborough, Fair view, and Cooktown. June-Again very dry and below normal, except on central coast between Bowen and the "Eropic, where slightly sAiove the average. July-A good wet month above average generally, except over th« Warrego, far south-west, the south-eastern portion of the lower Western Division; also below in coast districts1 between Gympie and Bowen, and Ingham, and Cooktown. August.-Much below normal. Bain was above average on north coast and Peninsula; also between lines join ing Gladstone, Ieisford. Aramac, Gros venor Downs, and Rockhampton. September. - Again much below average generally, but slightly above at Cooktown. October-Another dry month, and totals were bel|>w the average everywhere, except at Gilbert River. November.-Good rain fell, specially in the south-east, including thP Dailing Downs and Maranoa. A large area west from a line joining Nebo and TSaroom to as tar west as Blackall and Hughenden, including the north coast and Peninsula, was below average. December-The last month of the year was generally be low normal, but it was above over the Maranoa, Darling Downs, and More ton districts; also in the Central West north of the meridian of Black all, and west from a line connecting Normanton and Blackall. The whole is summed up as the average for the year, being a trifle over normal con ditions. On the 26th and 27th January there was a hurricane at Townsville. Mr. C. S. Norris, who liad been keeping mete orological observations in Townsville for 17 years, gives the "Evening Star" of 30th January, 1896, a most interesting report He said that for some time previous to Saturday, the 25th January, the weather had been very unsettled with squalls from east and south-east, and on 25th Jan., there was a gal« blowing from E.S.E., with heavy rain. During the night the wind veered to the S.E. and de veloped into a heavy galfi and rain. > Th«» barometer fell rapidly, and went down to 29.262, which is the lowest reading recorded. The thermometer registered from SOdegs. to 82degs. during the hurricane. ThP force of the wind during Bom« of the squalls was from iid miles to 100 miles an hour. On Monday, the rain gauge, which holds twelve inches of rain, was over flowing. Mr. Norris gave no Informa tion as to damagp donP to the town. How history repeats itself! Twen ty-two years ago Townsville and south of it was visited by a hurricane, Cleveland Bay being the crux of the storm. Ther« were not the elaborate and delicate instruments for forecast ing as exists at the present day, but Mr. Clement Wragge, the then mete orologist. had as fine instruments as then existed in any part of the State, and accurately forecasted the "blow," Which hfi called "Sterna." My 1396 diary is particularly interesting for the first two months of the year. I read that on the 31st January details came to hand respecting the hurricane of a few days before: "The town appeared as though bombarded, and hundreds of people are homeless. The damage done was very great, and there was sottip loss of life." The storm worked down the coast, but no damage was reported. The rain was not particu larly heavy out west diiring January, but there was .extreme heat. On the 2lst the thermometer ? marked lOSdegs. and on the 23rd 107degs. On thfi 21et llfldegs. was the shade temperature in Sydney, and deaths -were recorded from heat apoplexy. Hockhampton appeared to have struck the tail of "Sigma," and the rain extended along the Central line. At thB end of Janu ary the train was delayed by wash aways, and the mail due Friday did not reach us until Sunday morning. On the 3rd February thp Dawson flats were ten miles under water, and pas sengers travelled over the break at their own risk. The train left Barcal dine at ft.50 a.m., and put in the night in Emerald, going on if practicable next morning. On the 4th February liarcaldine had a storm which regis tered SO points in 15 minutes; further rain at night and next «iay. On the 5 th railway reported five washaways on line. Hockhampton had ten inches of rain in 24 hours. The water was up to the decking or the Fitzroy bridge, and one foot in the Criterion Hotel. The down train got as far as Jericho, and the up'train was stuck at Anakie. On the 10th it was re parted "No vegetables in town except pumpkins; supplies short; rivers are going down." On the 12th "a train arrived with flour, thus staving oft a famine." On the 15th there was a through train, and a "rocky" trip it was. I was a passenger by it. The passengers boated and walked the tressle bridge from near Gracemer^ to Yeppen (three miles). The city was found to be surrounded by water. Ex tremely heavy weather on coast; the s.s. Burwah laid to for two days in Wide Bay. 18th-Floods continue to recede. Heavy rain fell in the west on the 26th at 9 a.m. Barcaldine gauging only 2.18in., but Ilfracombe had 9.36in. in 48 hours, which washed away the approaches to Kanp Creek bridge. On the 27th the tirains were hung up again for a few d^ys, there being nu merous washaways and the Nopoa bridge (low level in thosp days) seven feet under water. March opened fine and continued so for nearly the whole month. The temperature was very similar to that of the present month, not exceeding SO. June and July were recond months for cold. Nearly every morning hoar frosts lay on the downs, and ice was to be found on exposed vessels. Pumpkins and some varie ties of flowers were destroyed, but the cabbage was never before so sweet and tender and frep from aphis. Thp records are very ample in re spect to thp severely cold weather in May, June, July, and August. As early as May 12th pumpkins and potatoes were destroyed by frost in the Upper Logan. During June the frosts were verv severp even Upper Carpentaria divisions feeling the cold. Frosts were general over the Central and Southern districts, Alice marked 23degs. Simi lar conditions prevailed in July, and thp sugar cane on the Mary River was much damaged. Emerald reported on 11th July:-"Weather during past three or four weeks coldest ever ex perienced; Icicles depended from gal vanised iron roofs." The manager of the Acclimatization Society stated in a report tliat many of the plants were permanently damaged. On the 5th August there was thick ice a: Win ton. On the 6th August RocUhampion reported the winter was one of the (severest ever experienced in the dis trict; thermometer on grass below freezing point on past ten mornings min. 28degs. Other records for thp year were |On the 3rd January there was a fear ful hurricane at St. George; and some damage was done, especially to old buildings. On the 21st December therP was a heavy storm at Croydon. On the 3 st February Clermont ex perienced a heavy flood; on 6th Feb ruary there were floods at Rockhamp ton, and on 3rd March there was a great flood at Georgetown. On 2nd February Hughenden advised:-Five inches of rain; drought in district broken. On the 3rd Brisbane ^ad vised: Further splendid rains' in Queensland, and on the 27th heavy rain in and around Brisbane. Sea Hill advised that the total rainfall for February was 16.9Sin., being the high est recorded for nine years. In con nection with the unusual cold weather various falls of snow were reported. On 22nd June snow fell in many parts of the Stanthorpe district, and in July the region was covered with snow several inches deep. Toowoomba district had a like experience. Mr. Jos. Johnson, State School, Sugar loaf (seven miles from, and some 400 feet higher than Sthnthorpe), wrote to the Brisbane "Courier" on 25th July, 1896:-"Snow three inches deep on the ground. ..Only once in more than 20 years' acquaintance with the neighborhood have I found anything approaching the present severity, and that* was in-July last1 year, when more than two Inches of snow lay on the ground. I was informed, however, by a very old resident that some SO years ago he saw .anow lie on the ground lor tttren days." ^faere were some plagues among live stock in those days. TowMVillp reported oh 6th June, tick plague very virulent In Tully River district; one loet 460 cattle in three or four weeks. A letter from a firm in Townsville re ported great losses mi. the Burdejdn delta owing to tick fever. In one In stance a herd. of 3000 «attt» were reduced in twelve months to 700; in another 500 head - were lost on the roads, whilst almost the Whole of a milking herd of 900 died. MoBt of the dairy cattle in thp neighborhood suc cumbed. On the Upper Mary River (near Card well) the losses of cattle weiv> from 60f to '76 per cent.- The plague, appeared to have' been con fined to the north. ' Ob the 6th No vember -there w&s a heavy hailstorm at Roma. . cjj.  FROM VARIOUS SOURCES Running a country newspaper Is not ill sunshine. A rural editor gives the following hint:—"The fellow who can play billiards, smoke cigars, have six penny drinks, shout for others, trip it to Sydney, go to the races, etc., should not overlook the fact that he owes us a couple of quid." "D'yer see that there old cove com in' outer Jones' pub?" remarked the way-back leg-puller to a new arrival. "Well, 'e's the champeun boozer ov chis locality. He's been drunk fur a quarter ov a century, an' if 'e wos ter wake up: some mornin' an' find 'imself sober I do believe the shock would kill 'im Twelve months ago 'e wos bitten by a tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too." 'Did the man die?" the new chum asked. "No," replied the bushman, "but the snake got blind paralytic drunk." Beauty is only skin deep, hut. curves is curves. "The Secret of Smart Dress," runs a headline in a contemporary. Some of the-costumes we have seen recently had nothing secret about them at all. "Johanna" tells this one in the "Bul letin"—An exalted military gentleman in Melbourne found himself beset by an untidy young woman of about 25 in a suburban street the other morn ing. "You're , ain't you? Well, Bill, can't zo to the war." "My good woman, I " "I tell yeh straight Bill can't go to the war, an' 'e won't, so there. Bill's engaged t' me; then he goes and enlists t' fight the Ger mans. Well, he won't go, see. He's said he'll marry me, 'n' he ain't goin' t' get off so easy. I give you my word." Cant you picture Bill in a snow-filled trench, with a bullet in his neck, getting off easy? All men are born free and equal, but the majority of them marry later on. Of troubles connubial, jars and di vorce, This, we believe, is the frultfullest source; A man falls in love with a dimple or [ curl, Then foolishly marries the entire girl. There was a man in our town And he was wondrous small. He bought a big barometer | And put it in the hall. And when the mercury went down Because of wind and rain, tie climbed on the umbrella stand And shoved it up again. If everybody on earth spoke the truth and nothing but the truth for twenty-four hours, we should find our selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution the world has ever known. Last week (writes "Gossip," of the "Stock and Station Journal") I had two schoolboys staying with me, who were on their way from Bedale's ' School, in Petersfield, Hants, to Scot land. I took them to all the things we had time for, including the "White City," and the play of "Grumpy," at the New Theatre. They had the time of their lives. We visited the Tower j of London, and they saw the "Traitor's • Gate," the site of the scaffold where people used to be shortened, the idle soldiers, the ancient "Beefeaters," and all the armor and the guns and swords and crossbows; and weapons, of mur der. They were greatly Interested, and when we came out I said, "Now, boys, what interested you most about the Tower? What is the strongest im pression that you bring away from the old place?" The bigger and older of the two (nearly 15) said:—"Well, my strongest impression, after seeing all the armor and the weapons of war is that the people of those times were fools." Before'I had time to express my views, the younger one said, "Well, we're bigger fools now." "Amen," said I to that, and then we talked! "Northerner" writes:—Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain which promises that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before : Christmas, and a wet summer comes I to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken tip by Southern Ocean anti- ■ cyclones -which spell rain • for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it.  Sir George Reid's special embassy to Ber lin has resulted in a German company being formed to develop trade between this country and the Fatherland. This achievement em phasises the great possibilities lying before a prospective Australian High Commissioner in America. Canada finds it^ advantageous to have an agency in Melbourne! but the gain is infinitesimal compared with what we would find in being well represented in the United States. The Westralian Government's method of; tackling the trust which keeps up the price of meat in Perth deserves public recognition. For years the trust has contrived to stifle competition from the eastern States by clever manipulation of the local harbor and health regulations. It held a complete grip of the north-west cattle trade and was therefore able to dictate its own prices to the public. The Government has now stepped in and - pur chased two or three steamers which will con vey Kimberley meat to Perth and give the retailer a chance to get his supplies from an independent source. m m m The White Star Company has in hand the construction of four vessels each of eighteen to twenty thousand- tons , for the Australian trade, but sees no hope of getting them into Port Phillip Bay under present conditions. As a result, if nothing is done to deepen the en trance to the port the ships will only call at Melbourne when in light draft. The deepen ing of the Rip is said to be largely a matter of "go" and gunpowder, but the- Harbor Trust does not seem to have any go at present, being mostly worried over the Government's threat to abolish it altogether. Already there are ships . visiting Port Phillip Bay which come near scraping the rocky bottom of the Rip, and the sooner the port is put under a new board fully equipped with "go" and ex plosives, the better will the prospect be of the costly new Port Melbourne pier being fully used. . » . . . An English butter man visiting these parts has endeavored to throw discredit on Minister Tudor's Commonwealth butter brand system. He. says that a large section of the British public .prefer margarine to butter; but this cannot be accepted as a reason why the Bri tons who still preserve their good taste for Australian butter should not be given the best possible guarantee with the, pure and un adulterated article. Fact ' is the Minister should go further and institute regular pro ceedings in English courts against- persons who adulterate Australian butter before put ting it on the retail market. The British law is notoriously kind to the food adulterator, but it affords some protection to owners of regulation brands and trade marks, and the . High Commissioner should be instructed to get what change he can out of that fact. . * * * Roosevelt's defeat of Taft- in the ."Primar ies" in Ohio, the President's own State,-looks from, this distance like a turning-point in fa,vorr of the bear slayer. Taft in his recent, utter ances, too, displays a peevishness that scarcely confidence of victory. The placidity of i alt. does not really represent the American temperament, although it was speciously ?pv?1 m i T? do so when he was given the office, l he election of Roosevelt would be beneficial y' bJecause Theodore, judging by authentic -ccounts, has a good knowledge of our institutions. He Is undoubtedly alive to the possibilities of a working tariff agreement between the United States and the Common wealth. Taft has lost ground in the important matter of foreign policy by countenancing an attempt to grab Canada, although, of course, he could scarcely help himself. . » » The Lawn Tennis Association of Victoria has selected the Albert Cricket Ground, on St. Kilda-road, as the venue of the next Davis Cup contest. The game and the public alike could not be better served. Incidentally the Melbourne Tramway Company will benefit by the large haul of fares it will net on the St. Kilda track. It would pay the tram people to boom the forthcoming matches for all they are worth and a little over, because inter national tennis is a special line quite extra to cricket and football matches, which are just thrown at them in the ordinary way of business. The company should offer a hand some prize to encourage young Victorian tennis players to blossom forth and be glorified, for by that means they can largely assist in keep ing the international contests a permanent fix ture 011 the Albert ground, past which the cars run. * «. Some of the designs sent in by distinguished European architects for the Federal Capital competition clung too closely to old-world tra ditions. Streets were shown, for example, little over thirty feet wide, and tortuous at that. On the other hand the Americans showed themselves to be most in touch with Austra lian requirements. In the leading designs the . "cobweb" or "caa't-wheel" system of street planning was observed. Generally speaking the Americans made a trifle too free with the landscape, carving off hills and filling up deep chasms for the plain purpose of getting straight roads. However, by taking the best feature of each design the Government archi tects will get the best plan that the world has to offer for a competitive premium of £1750. * Mr. , J. S. Jenkyn'si once ' preyniev of South Australia, has beeii' telling", tlveflp ;i;i London that Government" owned railways* liav.e proved a success; in' tliis c'outttry-Jjibut -theJfkct does not prove; in liis opinion, that i't 1.Would be judicious for them to nationalise the British system at this hour, of day. Probably Mr. Jenkyns fears that Labor demands would be come too exorbitant if the change were made in the present ; disturbed state of industry. No doubt the 'best time to nationalise ser vices in any country is at the beginning. Better never than late. If Labor^ receives a further lease of power next election, Australia will see this proposition worked out to a disastrous climax. * # * . Every week almost brings one sign or an other of tendency or desire to expand Federal functions. In the last few days the Common wealth Court of Conciliation has been reach ing out for that stipreme control of industry which the people refused to grant at the late lamented referendum. Two instances have been afforded. Of one, the decision by Mr. Justice Higgins to force the Renmark fruit pickers and growers into Court; it might not be quite fair to say that it is an act of aggression, since .qyeyy '??sajue person would welcome a permanent'- settlement of troubles which were accompanied by 'mysterious fires and poisonings. , The other" inStVnce is in an application by builders' laborers/ii Sydney for a conference in MpV/ourne.,* tc/draw up an agreement for filing in , t^te/ Commonwealth Court. ~ The Master Buil(j6i^'/'are puzzled, and a little bit anxious. T-he^very latest word in arbitration legislation was proclaimed to have been in the Act framed by Mr. Beeby and ~ passed a few weeks ago by the N.S.W. Parlia ment. Sydney's leading lawyers are now try ing to find out.-whether it is possible for em ployers* to obey a&\th&"iS$ate and Federal laws governjijg. industry. -'AU^d'er which king?" "ask the .builders in despair,^ afia their only answer is a' mockiiilg'echb, "Which .king?" The fact is that the one and fata] fla-v m ^ new Act Is that it does not a,.;,- m;8®* Higgins Arbiter of Industry V Vh~r-J®« New South Wales. - h" s«»l There is a very circumstan:; ,] BI( police circles at present of a - . in a house at Fitzroy between -rV^'rni burgling gang led by two we)].^* whom they name. After the g;,:, w, ".00 a city shop and landed £100 in ,? with the "swag" quietly stowed t in his stocking When they :,.aci,ed jf headquarters in Young-street, r&lt;1(, i ' the gang challenged the amoum ?.,'roduw.fl division. Five minutes later t h.. ni "went crook on the mob" was hhi" ,",n scious on the floor. He awoke in half.-, to find that his "double cross" had Wt without any share at all of the W>tv }"" given him instead a body and head lm and cut in twenty places. The incident th a little light upon the ways in winch a &lt; man's identity becomes known to the poli but when they know who did a certain . 10 they still have to find evidence to connect hta with it. . Not that the battered thief ],]"«»" himself within reach of the police. \ % i friend" was the informant. It is from sum women that much of a detective's informatlm comes. ;§i{ . . . ; . Mr. Roberts, M.H.R., whose inordinate luff? leering for the limelight leads him into ma© indiscreet utterances, has been talking iiboif strikes. . For public information, it may $ stated here that Mr. Roberts is an honoralf Minister in the Fisher cabinet. "There is $6 more harm," says Mr. Roberts, "in the labor i refusing to sell his labor for less than a cm tain price than there is in the farmer hom.: ing on to his wheat because the miller wfli . not give him the price he asks." Very niiel put, Mr. Roberts. Now, stand up «ncl answ# a few questions. If Farmer Brown prefers sell his wheat, does Farmer Smith, who is hoi ing on, put a cake of dynamite on the road the railway? Does Farmer Smith say th: no one hut he and his particular friends sir be. allowed to sell wheat at all? Does Farm Smith burn "Farmer Brown's haystacks poison his horses? Does Farmer Brown, see" ing to sell his wheat because he must comfoi'ts for a sick wife and child, ko in te ror of injury to life and limb? The farm will not swallow all that Mr. Roberts and he will^riot thank that gentleman for f offensive and * false comparison which he lis drawn. In the intervals of heralding the vagaries a storm named "Thomas" - fancy .losia, Thomas progressing at cyclone speed, partietF larly when he is settling the Northern Terr tory-the one and only Wragge is i orecastin, a long dry spell for Australia. He hzis bee] scourging the farmers with word:-: like pions in letters to the press. "This is 11 time," says Mr. Wragge in his flamboyant wa. "for idle repining, going on one's knees an grovelling before the Infinite like a whippe cur." "Be brave," he goes on; ";-et "P aI1 dam." He spells it that way. The farmer, a thinks, is too apt to sit down and : pell it tn other way. And perhaps there is .. -oon (tea of truth in Mr. Wragge's bombasti c Not twice in the life of every n. find himself constituting the wli. "party" with the balance of power ment. That lias happened to .v Cameron; M.H.A:, of Tasmania. Mr. Norman Cameron was in '. "majority" of the Reid-McL.ean Go the-federal House of Representati curious vanity led him into pubb -which Ministers could not suffer wn humiliation. It became necessary Reid (now Sir. Geo. Reidl to P nounce Mr. Cameron's attitude ami gentleman that he had better go r.c and hang himself, or whatever is ii does h of th . a Parlia Norma ;. i s sain .. self tli. .ment i . and hi it t ilude , at srea .or . iclv de -f ell tlia ho &lt;1 Parlia "n(5e of . onveying such -sentiments, jjne a celled himself in bis pre w f,m'»Ln Th> state of parties makes liis nPfc-warv .o the life of the Lewis ,'nl ami His freak legislator has through the press. He announc-Pi- that.. he is "agreeable to riic iiip leado-'-.-hip of the Liberal party . portfolio of lands." - He nominates fiilV insurer an(5 graciously allows that the tnv select :ne other Ministers., Failing riv"s" accojii ance of his terniB he de , f ,is intention of putting the Labor Party ll1" ,,/»>. with the intimation that so soon as displease him out. they will go, too. value of Labor's protestations of a wish cop ihis country properly settled may be "u'li i,v the latest action, or rather, in fin of' the Department of External Affairs. " riran ranchers are anxious to inspect 1p country in the Northern Territory. "No I min letting them have a look at it, Andy, ' uniiose," says Mr. Thomas, and Mr. Fisher .J a cautious and qualified approval. So flir ranchers arc t old they may go and look. iron 1 take any of it away," they explain i the obviously fluttered officials. "We'd like , {Mile down there." "But," explained the firiUirv to the Department (Mr. Atlee Hunt), ?re can't let you have any land. We have not surveved it all yet." The territory is shout up for jjeople; here are experienced men fjflv to take it on lease as the Government (lif'y provides, t he men are ready to use the jd for the very purpose for which the Gov rnmeiit experts say it should be used, and, ipbold, they are told, in Mr. Atlee Hunt's most ujiMior accents, that the surveys are not o!))|)]eted and they cannot get leases! "Say" -von can imagine the disgusted rancher's com ment-"how long would it take to survey that land for me if you really wanted to lease it? And how long does it take this caterpillar Gov ernment of yours to get a move on?" * . . There died in England on April 12 last the man who popularised and made known.to mil lions that delectable meal known throughout the English-speaking world as "sausages and mashed." This gentleman, whose baptismal name was William Harris, was better known as, tie "Sausage King," and he had hundreds of tops scattered throughout London where the tastiest of sausages and the creamiest of masli .3 were vended at prices to suit the pockets call. Mr. Harris was in many ways a remark iiile man. Iu addition to wonderful skill in tie manufacture of that somewhat' mysterious wmmodity referred to 'by the illiterate as a fossidge," he had the business acumen to con vince the average Londoner that "sausage and mashed" were a sine qua non of existence. Starting with a barrow, ere many years he had one of the most lucrative businesses in the ?reat metropolis, and in later years his army and navv contracts ran into huge sums. . . . . Now that the question of the legislation of joe Potalisator is being thrashed out in New south Wales mid sporting men here are talk n>S of the desirability for the introduction of toe tote, a statement by, the Ministry of France w the State profits.'itt-cunnectipn with the tax "" the totalis.) i or, and)'gariiefe Of chance is inter esting. The French" tax of 15 per cent, on Hfti163yielded in the year 1911 a tie short of three hundred/..thousand pounds, ue totalisato- tax of one'pei» cent, yielded a revenue £150,000, whilst the .deduction wntotalisai r receipts for charities amounted ,irA tnfle "'inder, three hundred thousand Fran ln tlle gamesters' of La Belle were faxed to the extent of three ion? :niHion during the year. Opin of v5;'"r as regards the moral aspect mm! totalis" .-or, but as a-revenue producer it "pl arently-:: France at1 least-keeps its end ijn)I®m^ers the Sydney Wharf Laborers' thev «!?aTe r; last come to the'conclusion that srov'jng tired of continually having !iaby." The Lithgow Prisoners' letter P :~l1&lt;vtee sent the wharf laborers a to indf,w CV : ;:lar last week asking that union apainc-t f^ ,r- a one-day strike as a protest tiinw + :ion of the Government ^in de the whaVT ase the Lithgow martyrs. Then comni'^A ,'V orers rose in their wrath and tie hnmf :--erly that they are made to bear lausefl h, oi . - (iarly all the industrial disputes more thl 0,Vf&lt;r unions. They said they were Hev f ?, ' i'ed of "carrying the baby," as that iha « iuul as a niild way of suggesting, shelved T'T" might be brought into use "ie whnlri ' er for six months.. The action of sav in 'a ..orers put the "kibosh"-as . they idea classics -on the one-day strike -"saap /ia,v? a set-baclc to the paid agitator, the®. should be an eye-opener to Place6?ho^e. Uex^ Imperial " Conference takes ^fers win s. renSth: .; of- the "Navy in .Home cueeion t,, i,)C ttle chief topic advanced for dis by the British Government. The more tnougntrul London review* bear references in +v./f J , ow frequently ions to support th^u!!ecesTty for thG Domin feat, by the °^nV&lt;leT,"0nie ,Fleet- so as to de Germany's plan of ^rAYf68 "ni,ed resources, gobbling up1 ti" co J U"f ,at lhP heart a»« practical expression Si, ' Ieisure- More found in thfdeSminltll fame ,sen,iment is land's Dreadnnm^ll !° malje New Zea S^eceh^ units at an earl? date. Commonwea]Hi-s "aval * . . bank clerk'had'lo'i l0,,Ule{ c]erks" union that a ried wit nn l dismissed for having mar ried without the consent of the directors." When Bertie, the bank clerk, whose eyes are G°IfS l°hJ' sw.e,et1Rumi»e)' evening to woo, n tne girl should be you T he best thing to do Is to get information concerning his screw. S!1' lje. 11 deceived by the coat on his back Though^ducally dressed, yet the cash he may And the world will look black wr ^le>r 6*ve Mm the sack, When the marriage inspector gets on his track. Poor Bertie must labor, as Jacob of old Worked hard for his Rachel-and then he was sold And his love may grow cold, While he waits for the gold That will open the gate of the Benedicks' fold. So Bertie from Gertie must hold him aloof, Till the gracious directors have granted the oof That will furnish them proof He can pay for a roof And love, to the bank clerk, is only a spoof. . We desire to be quite candid about the matter .... if the leagues make the mis take of giving a distinctive Conservative tone to the selection of candidates, they may as well disband on the instant . . . .' for 'they will run them to certain defeat." It is this kind of passage in a daily paper leading article that makes one wonder where Mr. Deakin will take that new Libei-al policy when it is handed to him for perusal and approval. Will he happen along Collins-street with it? And, by the way, how are we to recognise the true Liberal as opposed to the "Conservative?" Apparently, this valuable information may be obtained any morning for a penny. "The man who would enter the Liberal fold Must be a good boy and must do as he's told, And, if he should challenge the flat of Us. We brand him a Beastly Conservative Cuss." Many a politician has tried his best to be obedient, but has been sadly hampered by a lack of knowledge as to what he would be expected to think next week. The Australian Army is getting on, accord ing to figures furnished by the Secretary for Defence. At the present moment there are SS.525 senior cadets and 36,000 junior cadets in actual training. On July 1 next 20,000 senior cadets will move up into the Australian militia, and another 20,000 will commence their school physical training as junior cadets. No less than S4.2 per cent, of the senior cadets who have been medically examined have been passed as physically fit to become militia men. As regards the healthiness of boys, Victoria holds the premier place by a long way. Tn that State the percentage of rejects as physically unfit is only 1.3 per cent. The percentage in New South Wales is 2.S, Tasmania 2.2, West Australia 3.1, South Australia 3.4, and Queens land 4.1. In Germany the percentage of those declared physically unfit for military training averages over nine per cent., and in France ' nearly eleven per cent. The Australian medi cal test is a severe one, and the youngster who passes is most certainly sound in .wind and limb; and now that the boys are shaking down into military work, the Australian Army of the future will "be a fighting machine equal to any in the world. . » . . A' band of unemployed marched through the streets of Melbourne one day test week. . A vear or two lias elapsed since such a sight was iast seen. At the Premier's office one man said there were 6000 workless people in the metropolis. He added, however, that it would reauire a house-to?house canvass to find that number. Factory owners will not deny the existence of workless men. The influx of im-, migrants has ea,sed the labor market consid erably of late. The responsibility Is on the Government to establish farms where sur plus country labor can be taken up at any time. * * * A gift of a million sterling for philanthropic purposes, such as Mrs. Hall, widow of the Syd ney millionaire, has given to the public of Australia, rather dazzles the imagination. It ensures for all time a constant stream of wealth going to the support' of institutions which main tain the best traditions of our civilisation. A pleasing fact about Mrs. Hall's gift (fahich, rby the way, has drawn a special cable of gratitude from the King) is that tlie: donor seeks no special personal recognition from the public. The gift is made, trustees are appointed to administer the munificent fund, and that is the end of it. Mrs. Hall has set a lead to moneyed people just at the time when the piling up of individual wealth . is becoming general throughout prosperous Australia. Other mil lionaires will arise in plenty as the years roll by and the young giant of the south rises up to place and power, but to Mrs. Hall will ever belong the honor of being the first on the list of Australia's donors of millions to the public good. * * * Empire Night in the charming Melburne sub urbs of Camber well, Canterbury and Surrey Hills rivals in illuminated beauty a carnival in Canton.. The streets are pranked with Cliin#s^-7]a111«gardens burst into blos 3f light, the whole pano fbr miles is' aHft-rfttive beyond all compari . &qn' with..fritjyiHnJn.nr!itioiis on a more preten t sc@Uvt> ^n^iyninal display is becoming \aW!«nvention ^coni\SMlich the resident liouse Hg'dferi ";&lt;iaii escape. Empire loyalty, tb»yg-f>VMn. tfrrlrfl'-mynr.Ti the function first sprang, is still' ar 'lrfotive force in the show, but the aesthetic possibilities are so great that they are carrying the function far above mere patri otic sentiment. It is estimated that fully forty thousand persons witnessed this year's display -almost as many as the best-recorded football match attendance. * * «c A few weeks after the loss of the supposedly unsinkable giant of the ocean, the Titanic, comes news of the launching of the nearly last word in huge ship construction. Last Thurs day the Kaiser attended the launching at Ham burg of the new mammoth liner of the Ham burg-Amerika line, the Imperator. The vessel, which is a sister ship of the Europa (now building), is 900 feet long, 70,000 tons displace ment, and will have a horse-power of greater than anything afloat. The gigantic vessel is expected to attain a speed of 22 knots. The Cunard Co., not to be outdone, by their Ger man rivals, are having built by John Brown, of Clydebank, the Aquatania, slightly longer and larger than the Imperator, with a hoped for lcnot-an-hour more speed. In March last Harland and Wolff laid down the keel of a 950 ft. ship for the White Star line, and when she is launched she will be the biggest thing afloat. . » - . Melbourne can now lay claim to three an nual events that have become permanent and popular institutions, each with a distinctive character and undisputed claim to popular notice. To Cup Day and Henley Regatta must now be added the Empire Day celebra tions of the Eastern Suburbs. The latter has certainly come to stay, just as Henley Regatta has- come to be accepted as a great public event, its original private creation entirely lost sight of in the greater popular appeal. In the same manner Sydney's great annual event is the Easter Agricultural Show. This is above all rivalry and competition-just as the Mel bourne Cup has put itself beyond all rivalry. Adelaide's great annual popular magnet is the Onkaparinga races; whilst to come nearer home again, Ballarat lias its Lai Lai races, Bendigo its Easter Fair, and the large district of which Woodend is the centre finds all its roads for. one day in every year leading to Hanging Rock. It is a curious thing this, the growth and de velopment out of small and modest beginnings of certain popular events or institutions, spe cial to a certain place or town, and whereof no one can say exactly the why and wherefore, .and why a rival, or imitation, with all pos sible beating of big drums shall prove-abortive. As winter approaches many amateur photo graphers pack away their cameras till the following spring, and photography, their cher ished summer liob'by, is for the nonce dis missed from their minds. There are, as a mat ter of if act, many branches of the hobby which make fascinating subjects for winter even ings. Quite a number of suggestions in this direction. are made in the May issue of Har ringtons' Photographic Journal. The making of lantern slides receives special attention, and gaslight printing is also dealt with. A _ speci men copy of the journal will be forwarded, on application to Harringtons Ltd., Melbourne or SjTdney. The subscription is 4/6 per annum.  Mr. Clement Wragge's Alief. PERTH, April fl. In conhection with the loss of the Koombana, . Mr.-&lt; Clement' Wraggie has written to a Perth newspaper to",'the effect that er if a Central Weather Bureau" in Brisbane had been in existence three days', warning at least woHld. have been given of the reccnt cyclone which caused the disaet^r.  THE KOOMBANA. STILL NO NEWS. ? Fremantle, April ,1. There is still no news of the Koombana, which is now 11 days' overdue at Broome. In compliance with requests made by the public, the Government have held up the Bullarra at Broome and have commissioned her to prepare and provision for a search^ cruise over the known track of the cyclone,' which -plan of search has been laid off by nautical experts at Broome, men who are experienced in cyclones. The Bullarra has been instructed to report qt Cossack on April 8. The Adelaide Steamship Company have agreed to contribute one-third of the total-cost incurred in despatching the Bul- larra for this work. THE ENDEAVOR MISSION. . THE MINISTER EXPLAINS. Melbourne, April 1.' Replying to-day to criticisms ottered in South Australia on the employment of the Federal trawler to search for the Koom- bana, Mr. Tudor, Minister of , Customs, said if the Federal Government had re- fused to send the Endeavor they would have left themselves open to more severe censure. 'The Western Australian Go- vernment had originally suggesteel that a warship might be sent, but as the trawler was nearer the scene of the supposed disaster he thought it would be better to send the latter vessel. Later on Satur- day afternoon another telegram was re- ceived from the Western Australian Pre- mier, setting out that the Bullara had re- turned to Broome, but had found no trace of the steamer; that several luggers had also put in to Port Hedland after unsuc- cessful searches; and stating that the Government would be glad if the En- deavour., could be dispatched immediately to make an exhaustive search. It was also mentioned that the Government had sent out the steamer Una from Geraldton pro . visioned for six weeks. He accordingly gave instructions that the trawler should be hurried to the scene. She would go out from the mainland to make a tooronga search of the islands for any trace of .sur- vivors. "This was the best we could do," added Mr. Tudor, "and we have done it." STORM WARNINGS. 1 To the Editor. Sir-.Tost' allow me to say in simple jus- tice' that if the Central Weather Bureau, Brisbane, had been in existence, the an- nual vote for winch did not exceed £1,500 per annum, three days warning at least would .have been given of the recent cyc- lone off the north-west coast of Australia. -I nm. &C-, CLEMENT L. WRAGG-E. Chiltern, Victoria, March 29, 1912.  Stray Flaehss. '[FOR tHE GAZETTE BV J. JDMBLSS] ip^morc attention were paidto that ?gbdd sound advice quoted ? so often as proceeding; from the mouth of that fount of knowledge, Solomon, dealing with the lithe Tod and the obstreperous male juvenile! there would be far more nrolmbilitv of tile noisy ;'' JohnniV'sprouting up to be a useful citizen. Besides, -I am sure, tte young olive branch would pay more attention to the injunc tions of the trunk, and would not manifest so much aptitude for wan-. ?dering. and plungiijg into the: depths of destructive mischief oh every conceivable opportunity. For instance, one Sunday I observed ' Johnnie' in close proximity to the town shooting aimlessly with a rifle. If mother had been asked as to «'fohnnie's' where-; ebouts, it would toe found that ,the- 'apple of ; her ej* was' at Sunday school, or some such other highly desirable institution. tThat'swhere mother's trustfulness in ' Johnnie' is so strong : she always believes the boy to be where he vows he is ; and when, some day, one of the neighbors leads 'Johnnie' along and charges him with feloniously destroying property, mother i is smitten unto tears to think that her affections could be so astray. The wise Solomon must have . foreseen mother's anguish, and it was to avert this that he recommended the early playing with the stick on the most appropriate portion of the child's body. *** The editress of an Australian spiritualistic journal has the clean faced audacity to aver to the civil ised world that she has been com muning with the spirit of the late W. J. Stead. The spirit, so she affirms, is quite satisfied with the other side. Such foolishness to go on with in this eulighteued age ! If it happened iu the superstitious times of 500 years ago, when wiz ards aud witches did exist, no doubt some reliance would have been placed in the statement. Iu fact, in mediaeval periods, I doubt not but that a person daring to par take in conversation with those who have gone would suffer for the of fense at the stake. But times have changed ; and now all such frail fancies should be banished ; aud we should confine ourselves to the conversations of the living. Con versations nowadays with spirits' are rather frequent ; -but -the -spirit generally is clothed with glass, has a fiery taste, and is of an amber' color. The more you mix with it the greater the amount of talk de rived. There are innumerable devils in its depths, and if you con sume a sufficient quantity you will be gratified by seeing these imps i:i all their strange regalia with Beel zebub at their head. That is amply sufficient spirit for the dullness of these days, and when persons go delving into the Empyreal regions for other of the. species they are fac tious and have acquired much cf the sordidness cf the glutton. It . is a pity that work could not be found for these absurd persons on whom time hangs so heavy that they must go gadding and ? 'trespassing in mysterious regions to encounter distraction. Let the dead enter those places that rightly are theirs : -^If the living have aspirations of rushing their nose through before the time is ripe, muzzle them, lock them up, do anything to keep them out! ***. . .. ihe urougDty-tuuQiuoiis prevailing throughout the length and bredth of Australia is proving a very ? seri ous concern. In fact, so serious js the matter that the residents of most towns are gathering them selves together and offering up pe titions to the Great Omnipotent for a supply of water. People are now commencing to perceive that their is something solid in Professor C. Wragge's predictions. There is one grave fault attached to Aus tralians that isJikely Ji) prove their undoing in the end : they are too prone to procrastinate. If .all the water 'that fell last year — and was so ruthlessly allowed run to waste — had been conserved, people would now have known its benefit. In stead of praying for rain, they could be offering up thanksgiving for having a pleutitude of water. It is true that iu the time of plenty ,-we forget the gloomed hour of need that must pounce upon us from out of the folds of the future. Well, that hour has ccme and caught us in our unpreparecness, and we can see the evil carried iu its midst. Thousands of stock have already perished and thousands more will ere the dry time is past. It is said that once bitten', twice shy. This does not apply, to Australians. We have been 13111611 several times be fore thisr^but, we never i.shy. In deed, we forget all about it after the wound has healed, aud come back; licking our plate 'Oliver Twist-like, asking for more. The Australian is a hard chap to satkfy. It is utterly impossible to suppress him. You can deluge him with water one year, and., after the . storm blows over he is there to greet you wiih a smile.. The next year you can suiotber him . with drought. He drags through arid forgelsall about it. Again, you may freeze, burn, knock him hither and thither :n gale or cyclone,' and scafehim with earthquakV-rbtit'you wlU'-.find the individual -*att?Ulg wq^g unper turbed when. things Ws again be come normal.- sJ .s*uPl&se,, he will crawl -tbrbuglrthis. uupleasant in terval wkh'-biit a tew scratches. It is a pity, however, tli&ttli&e. peri odical drawbacks are npt cop^d ag ainst.' Tli'ey coiild'be f5|Uy7-enough.  WEAG&E WEATHER. BEWAHE OF 'HECTOR.' The following special advice and fore east have been received from Mr. Clement Wragge, deted Macclesfield, June 2, 6 p.m.: — 'The Antarctic disturbance 'Aeneas' first mentioned in our advice of May : 11, when he was to the westward, of Kerguelen Island, ran the easting down -in high lati tudes, skirting the high pressures like an eddv on a back water of the Murray. Dur ing his passage he developed overlapping tongues of Antarctic vapors, which were condensed into coastal rain by the anti cyclonic isobars. After rounding Cape Pillar, and as1 was the case with 'Anehises,' his northern side became fused, with a little tropical isobaric loop, and cau=*d the climax that mainly produced a renewal of floods in New South- Wales (especially in the Monaro, Gwydir, Robertson, and Wer riwtt districts), thus interfering to an ex tent with election business, and fully veri fying our forecast issued on May 20 at : Broken Hill. If reader; will kindly refer j to our long advice published on May 13, . none can &ay but that it has been amply \ verified, especially with regard to the ; eastern States, and shipping will bear full testimony. The weather chart of May 31 is wrongly delineated over south-eastern Australia, end by no process of reasoning can the recent cold rains and wintry south east gale on the Victorian coast be termed 'nionsoonal,' ' especially as the sun is near ing the Tropic of Cancer. Looking now to the future the Antarctic disturbance named 'Hector' is over the forties south from the Great Bight. As soon as he rounds Tasmania and Gabo, and becomes free from the influence of the land 'Hector will most probably develop an extension in tongue-like form, down the New South Wales coast into lower latitudes. This i will produce a renewal of nasty south- ? westerly to .southerly weather with more rain foutli from Trial Bay, and strong westerlies at Brisbane. The 'Victorian and ! Tasmanian coasts may also expect another ?doing,' antHJur warning is given accord Triam' and 'Hecuba' will follow 'Hec- \ tor' in course, and we have reason to believe that ere June expires the inland : districts of South Australia will. expe- rience useful intervening rains that will mainly be caused by lunar tides impelling | the Antarctic disturbance. But time j 'proves all things, and we ehall see!- Hec tor' will 'affect New Zealand within twelve , days, and Wellington and Cook's Straits j especially will have cause to remember , him Thus the Dominion is '.hereby spe cially advised, and chipping cannot be too . careful/'  I CORRESPONDENCE. I OCX.O.VE WAn.VINGa I CTo Inr lldlion W. P. VANCE. Harrlne. Mnr.-I. 2J. Ililh. mm- It.nlifall (ylone was received, a; innUtail or Colrne— VA )  NOTES ON CURRENT EVENTS It has been claimed that the Home Secretary's department, ot whatever par ticular branch of the Imperial Administra tion may be concerned, has not been sum- , ciently active in the discovery of spies. An incident which occurred in London last month entirely disposes of this plaint. When a man like good eld Dan Ferguson is suspected and subjected to crpssexami nation as a possible spy of the Kaiser, tnere is eieany nonung woe aesirea con cerning the efficiency of tho secret service of the Empire. Won't some of the old time smugglers rejoice at the confusion of their common enemy. . * * * * * * '?.'?? In answer to a question the other day Mrl Griffith admitted having stated that no pressure was to be brought upon men . .who had conscientious objections to join ing a union, but if any such were employed they would be paid at the rates ruling be fore the unions secured the present in creased rates. Mr. Griffith's idea of 'no pressure' are a bit peculiar. His method \ seoms a happy illustration of the mean ing of the phrase, 'No compulsion, only you must.' The Minister may be con gratulated xipon tho discovery of a new! . occupation for Ministers of the Grown— / that of 'drummer' or tout for tho A.W.TJ . ?????' * * * * # * During the week there has been a good downpour in South Australia;' and some useful rain in the north and west of this State. It should be of much value to the grass and water supply, and in some dis tricts may not be too late to help the crops. Whether it is quite worth the fuss made in some quarters is. however, doubt ful. As a proof that the clerk of tho weather has not altogether forgotten the needs of Australia it is satisfactory, as an earnest of a more generous and m.oro general outpouring in the near future it is encouraging, but to hail it as represent ing 'showers of gold, '' and as 'a com plete break-up of' tho drought,' seems a bit 'previous.' IVet us hope it is not top optimistic. - - » * »-* ,. ? i ? Every day in England, France, Scot land, and other places, new discoveries arc reported of cement emplacements evidently intended, for big guns, and- built to tho ? order of the Kaiser. This extraordinary fondness for concrete work suggests tho idea that the enterprising, head of the firm of Krupp' and Co. is going into the ct-ment business as a fide line. It also recals the memory* of another celebrity , who some twenty or thirty .years ago made a name for himself in the same branch on industry. Who 'WAS that celebrity by tho way who so forcibly reminds one of tho Kaiser? Oh, I remember now. It was thev chap who, when a wife1' bothered' him, used to bottle her up in eement^under tho hearthstone' and get a ~new Awi'fe?^' Funny dog! - \ ; u,;/Tr:i-l\\ - r * * , * ? »; ,- »rt »'. ? * - Mr. George Eden, a resident of Sydney, went home to :irrange,\for the wedding of' Ids daughter to 'a ..German medical man. He lodged £S0O in a German bank, but on attempting ~o draw the. money lie learnt that the Kaiser had ordered nil' banks in Germany to send to the Tretisurj1' in gold the credit balances of all British accounts. Miss' George 's wedding presents were also appropriated. This, so far as the money was concerned, may all be in accordance with the rules of warfare. But was it quite the thing to snavel Miss George's collection of photo frames, nutcrackers, en.tree dishes, pickle jars, and jam-pots, to say nothing of tho procoetls of a 'kitchen tea' tendered by her girl friends'? It strikes one as playing the game a bit low down. But the Kaiser is nothing if not thorough. . * * * * * « # Some little excitement was caused in Sydney last Aveek by a Gorman band play ing .Mistrjun patriotic melodies in n public - street, under tho windows, oC a Gorman club. The Sydney papers of Friday re ported that tlio police ,-had intervened, by ordering the hand to «.'ease playing in the streets until the war is over. On top of that intimation a Sydney, telegram on Friday night said that Mr, Gann had ap* fcounceo1 that if the police Iwd done any thing of the kind it was without Govern _ iment authority, Mi\ Cann apparently is averse to interference with little patriotic outbursts of this nature. In «pite of the Ministerial disclaimer 1 f-attfcy r»ublie sym pathy will be with tlis police.* I wonder, by the way, ,what Would happen just now t(- a British band that played 'ftule Bri .ttnnia '?'?!». '(he streets :ot Berlin. Would Dr. Oilyivig intervene hv prevent any un kind action on the p&r'c of the police? * '*.-*' *? * -, * To judge Erom correspondence on the subject 'published in the metropolitan . press, the remarks of the Chief Secretary sire not -popular in Sydney. One writer says:— 'Perhaps the Band will favour us , jvith the Watch; on the Rhine iiiVct otlifeV tiennan mUTouil. airs outsMfc PYirUunient House, tiie Town Kail, and 'other appro priate sites;' At the sarile time jingoistic \ '-ft ttstVaHa.fi s_ ami other Britons might be '. ??kindly but 'Jirmly requested not to display their -Empire's flags or to -*ing its Natio ?.irisil Anthem or ofl-er pa+riotic airs in public, iu« such actions may also be re garded us 'bad taste' and' irritating to # 4h-ieo amongst us v.lio doubtless are more tender-hearted than their kinsmen bi Luii vain fame.' This chap is .t?vid'Cnt\y pok ? ing fun. at the Chief! Secretary, which 'is ' :i very irreverent thing to do. * ???? ?» i, * . * T« a recent issue of the 'Banner' I notice some t interesting extracts from an . eld Sydney newspaper fcy 'Alpha.' The writer refers to the quaint names of some of the Sydney hotels of tlje early days, . - and appears to regard them Us original. 1 ?m afraid '/Alpha' :\vas nisvfcr in London, or at any rate that he never had an ex haustive acquaintance with the. .pubs in the city and suburbs of the modern Baby lew, or he would in the list quoted recogt iu3e familiar titles. For example, 'Hole in the Wall' was the sign of licensed pre lcnisea in the Strand, near the dark arches of the Adelphi, in 1S55. The 'Bald-faced Stag', was — perhaps still is — the sign of ?a public house at Woodford, in Epping forest. Moreover, it was the rendezvous vm Easter Monday of Cockney sportsmen, for whose delectation a wretched deer was carted out and 'hunted. ' It usually took refuge in the premises of a local butcher. * * * ? it ? The 'Labour-in-vain' — illustrated on the sign, by ..a picture of a person endea ??,-.? vouring. to wash a blackamoor white — was ..'«;??' » public, house in a London suburb! So ? . was the ' Bird-in-Hand ; ; ' whilst of '.'Blue ''.. . Boar! ' the name was legion all over Eng land. The 'Leather Botel' is mentioned in. an English classic. The 'Blue Posts' has been immortalised by Captain '? Marryatt. as the Portsmouth hostelry at ? whitjh Mr. Midshipman Easy spent his - last : night before starting on; his first cruise..' The reader will remember that it \.:-;' was^on -leaving the Bhie Posts Mr. Easy was -accosted by on attractive young per son with the remarkable query, 'How 'arc you off for soap?' The ,'^Adam and Eve' was a pub,, down Chelsea, way, not far from the. '.Goat and -Compasses' — a corruption of a relic of puritan days in the motto e ' God .encompasseth us.' In the same ? locality,, by the way, might fifty years 'ago be found '.The Devil and Bag o' Nails,' originally, 'Tho Devil and Bacchanals5'' — scarcely an appropriate sign for a respec table tavern. As for the 'Dog'-and-Du'ek,' is*it not a household word in a Rood many thousands of Riverina families? The Germans have demanded various '' sums totting up to a million or'so by way of 'indemnity' for their zeal in smashr ' -'ing up Ehoims Cathedral, and other memo rials of mediaeval art, murdering inoffen sive citizens, and committing divers other crimes against the rules of civilised war fare. It is therefore not unnaturaLfor the Allies to consider tbe commercial aspect of the war. A report from ' Wellington ' says: — 'New Zealand firms, whoso pre mises have suffered in the bombardment of Papeete aro * advised that the French Government ha3 issued a notice, claiming against German property in Tahiti and ad jacent islands under the_French flag about £40,000, to help to indemnify against the -losses 'caused by the shelling.' It ought to be urged that-the French have not done so .much as the Germans to earn a bonus of this kind, but no doubt when the. war is over there will be a 'friendly squaring of accounts,* and that trifles like '£40,000 won'tbar the1 way to an amicable adjust-' ment. - . - . * * * * * ? ?- * A New »South Wales man has received a letter from 'u German association known os 'The German- Humanity League.' The ! association ds'' apparently*, hostile to the ; Kaiser. At the risk of an action for, libel i at -the hands of ( Frederick Wilhelm, I ap- ' pond an extract: — 'Nakedly revealing . liiirisoK, we see tho uncurbed tyrant' sur- j -rcurftied by parasites/now directing the \ most desperate', devilish. jikI selfish -. cam- j paign ever, waged against luimanity. With i 1 oilers in all lands we have no quarrel to- . day. , We extend hands and heartiest friendship' to every Belgian, 'French', and : British' democrat. We know that the in ternal revolution now proceeding in our. midst will depose the despot,, whose in satiable egotism is drenching Europe with . tho blood of its workers and wage- | earners.' There is a good -deal of truth as well' as force in these remarks, bufc^tboy strike ono as indited in a partisan spirit,' conveying the idea that tho writor is un kindly disposed towards the Kaiser. Pub lished in Berlin they would probably annoy that poteitat^ and be followed by the'' di'dr.rj 'Btop my paper.'' * ' * * ? ? * . 4 . 6 Supporters of tlie fjcii'ey of wiping out private. ;en'terprise¥ altogether,, and 'nation- alising' everything from a lolly shop to a locomotive foundry, are always contend ing that the worker don 't get his share. Particularly is this cry raised in connec tion with mining enterprise, which has been described, by one of these enthu siastic levellers as ' a gigantic system of sweating the miner.' It's 'only charitable to assume that these chaps know nothing about the matter. For a' man who does know to talk like that, would prove him a person who in tflsrjetit (b a'ecui'aby' Of bMiSm'eiit could only be characterised by an expression the use of which with im punity is a Parliamentary privilege. '- * ? ?» ?? ..????* ? ? . ? ?? ??* ? * .?' * ? On the assumption that the people who talk like this speak in ignorance, some in f( rotation afforded by the chairman at the half-yearly meeting of a Broken Hill mining c6mpany. may be quoted. Since the n-ine was started the gross yield has beea f H.32F,40Ai t)!5 H'hls ti;e shareholders who \entured^ their money got £5'dS,l(')l', the miners, who venture'd . nothing, got £.'.3So,000. Ii seems pretty clear who got the lion's share of the gold in this case, but how about the ciscs- — and there are some — where The minors who' venture .nothing get_all the gold, and the share I ciders who venture their money got nc thing? ^ AVliat id rbally -wan led is ilot 'nationalisation,' but the establishment of an information bureau.- at which there should be compulsory attendance on the part of people, who indulge in foolish talk about subjects for the purpose of disclos ing exhaustive ignorance thereon. LIPPON DAIRN. Rain in New South Wales.— Tho rain fall in the late ? monsoonal 'change was as follows at the Southern and Soutli Western stations 'mentioned : — Euston, S ; Balranald, 12; Hay, 5; Carrathool; 7; Booligal, 50; Hillston, 66; Ungarie, 76; Wyalong, 47 ; Barmedman,: 12 ; Temora, 26*; -Coota-mundra, 15; Yass, 3o ; Gttnning, 39; Goulbtirn, 95 ; .Mttrrumburi'ah, 67; 'Burrowa, 83 ; Young, 85; Morangorell, 20; xGrenfell, 37; Marstlen, 100; Forbes, 4.2; Parkesi 63. Oondoboiinf 53; Orangey 241; Bathurst, 190 ; Cbwraj. 104,. ? '?' Helping the Widows and Children. — In the Senate tlio 'Minister for Defence, Sena tor Pearce, gave a brief- outline of the Government in '.regard ''to pensions to de pendents of those who are killed or in capacitated during the war. The scheme, he said, 'had not been completed yet, but,' roughly, ft was proposed to give widows an annuity- of £52, with aii annuity of £13 for each child' under 16 years of age. In the event of .a man being ? permanently inca pacitated, his wife and children would re ceive the samo amounts, while a, further payment of £26 a year would bo made on behalf of tile man himself. ' ' . ' Show 'Subsidies to 'be Stopped. — The, troubles of the country show societies have j been many this year. Nearly , all of the ! spring shows were run at a loss because ] of, the war and .dry season, and, tho pros- I pects aliegd are far from favourable. Local conditions made things bad enoiigh for the societies, but new anxieties have been created by the f ollowing circular that has i been issued by the Department of Agri- ] culture :— 'In view of the necessity of re trenchment, it has been decided that the department cannot continue the payment of 'the ?Government subsidy to agricultural | societies in connection with shows held j after December 31 next.' Somo of the small j societies will experience difficulty in carry- - ing on, and unless 1915 is an' exceptionally . good season some of the exhibitions will l probably bo ' abandoned for at 'least a year. '' ' ' An Old Wodonga' Man .Arrested as a j Spy. — A remarkable experience of Mr. i Daniel Ferguson, for -many years collector ; of- customs at AVodbnga, and subsequently j head of the Federal Exciso Department, is ! told in the .-following letter to hanjl a few i days'since. 'Mr. Ferguson was touring in \ Scotland when the war began. Recently ,' ho was in 'London, nnd he and his daughter ? were, oil t for the day in one of the small towns near London. They consulted -a : ?-traimvay guide map .and made enquiries j for certain places. They wort1 suspected, as i boing spies, y and shadowecU'or a'time, and then a .military man %camc and questioned tliem. They informed him they -were Axis truliun tourists, but wore apparently, not hol£evevd, :-nd were in an awkward fix when/ ho remembered his watch. This- was pre sented to him by the residents of Albury j more than 20' years ago. on the occasion of his leaving AVodonga for Melbourne. It-1 bears an inscription mentioning Albury and . his position in AVodonga. An inspection of ? tlio watch appeared to satisfy tho military 'officer, so, he apologised and retired.' -i Tho Decreased 'Rainfall. — Figures pre pared by the meteorological Authorities of the rainfall in ,New South AVak'R for tho , nino months show that there has been a ' considerable drop in the records in every i section of the country districts. In.' River--, ina and 'South-Western slopes havo suffer- | od more than any other quarter, in the caso oi -tho former tho fall havirg bpen less* than half the average. Moreover % there has not boon a drop of rain this month. Tno figures for the various sub divisions s arc : — Northern tableland, , total , for rn'npsmnnih.B. 19.46, average .for1 nine months 23.S9 ; below average, 19 psv cent. ; V Central Tableland, '2'2M, 24.07, 12 per Cent; j -Southern ./.Tableland, 16.73, 20.87, 80 per cent: ; North-wtisi ©lopes, 1G.10, '2d.3l, 21 pe'f'eimt. i Gonia-iil \vest Slopes, 13.83, 18.80, 27 per' vmt:; Soutli-ivestorn Slopes, 10.47, 18.72, 4-1 per cent;; North west Plains, 15.42, 17,32, 11 per cent. ; Central Tvest Plains, 8.77, 14.45, 39' per cent.; Riverina, 6.07, 12.48, 51 per cent. AVagga and the Southern District Ex hibit.— At a recent meeting of the Mur rumbidgee P. and A. Association, the mat ter of the Southern District Exhibit at the Royal Show came up for discussion. The organising secretary (Mr. .White) stated that there 'was a deficiency of about £83 tfn th3 last exhibit to the Royal Show. The usual quotas of eaclt So*c'iet# had been paid, but it was found that the expenses tfris year had greatly increased, especially from the. Grenfell district. As a result of the previous resolution that each society par ticipating in the exhibit be written to, and their views on the matter obtained, Mr. AVhite stated that very xmsatisfactory replies had been received. Some societies had ignored the request, while others had refused t-j contribute any further to the cost of the exhibit. Tw'tt or three societies had responded by sending in. their extra quota of the cost, and the M.P. and A. Association had passed their amount. The president (Mr. Baylis) said the exhibit had been very unsatisfactory for Wagga. It entailed a lot of worry' on their secretary, for which he received very little considera tion j Htt thought that owir'- to the very severe drought, tlitJ exhibit next year would be a very poor one; and did not think. 'it wise to go 'on with the exhil/ifc. A resolution in that direction was car ried. Loss on the Telephone Business. — There is every probability that at no distant date telephone rates in Australia will be sub stantially increased. The last report of the Postmaster-General's Department disclosed a deficiency in the . working of the tele phone branch of no less than £221,756, 'equal to a loss of about 25 per cent. This, in tne opinion of the secretary (Mr. Oxen ham), indicates that the rates, which, he says, are much lower than in other parts of. the world where anything like similar conditions prevail, are insufficient to make the service self-supporting. The secretary contends that the revenue should be suffi cient to cover working expenses, including provision for' depreciation) while returning a fair pei-centage on the capital invested. This view has been placed before Mr. Spence, Postmaster-General, and he con fessed this week that he had been greatly impressed by the facts which had been submitted to him. He added, 'It is evi dent that the revenue, both in the tele graphic and telephonic branches, is not sufficient to cover the cost of working. If the department is to pay for itself it would appear that something has to be done to revise charges, and legislation may bo necessary to place the department on a more satisfactory basis.' The Building of the New All»v_— Hospi tal. — The decision of the Minister for I Health to have tenders called for the put [ ting -down of the foundations of the new j hospital has given much satisfaction in j Albury, as it Ayillnot only mark the start : ing of \vhat will be by far the finest build ing in the district — and ono of tho most up-to-date institutions of the kind in the ; country districts of New South Wales — ? but will provide employment for numbers of local workmen who would otherwise be 'out of Avork, in all probability. La«-t_year tho ''total amount spent on new buildings in Albury was about £25,000, and as the ; estimated cost of the new hospital is alone I £17,000 it will be seen- that in -this one' I work is represented two-thirds of the total | amount laid out privately Jn bricks and mortar last year. At present about a. 'dozen villas' aro being built in the town, but it is noticeable that very lit*tle new work has come out sinco the ^outbreak of tlio war, local investors having thought it advisable to postpone speculation until times of .peace recur. '' The carrying out of a large'1 public work is therefore very oppor tune. When tho .contract for the founda tions is carried out a special ceremony will bo arranged in connection with'. the laying of the foundation stone. It is more than likely tho official function, will be . per formed by the Hon. F. Flowers, Minister for Public Health. The new hospital fund now stands at £5100 (nearly the whole of. it cash in tho bank). Tho balance to bo raised, therefore, is only £900. ? This sum should be only a trifle in such a wealthy district. . Hospital Saturday in Albury. — Con- sidering the many drawbacks that had to be encountered, the annual street collec tions on Saturday vin aid of tho hospital 'maintenance-., f uhd . . niust be considered satisfactory. The sum raised in the town was £90/7/6 (only £20/8/ less than was gathered last year) and the country boxes have brought -the totnl well above £100. Wodonga if. making arnmgemonts for a separate effort. This year the houseto house 'canvassing was riot nrosecuted with tho customary vigour, and but for the casing off in xthnt resnoct the figures for Albury, despito the tightness of matters financial, may have boon far highor. As usual, the stand pmsided over by that ex perienced 'campaigner, Mrs'. ' *AAraujrIi VMayoross), yielded the largest total. '£24 ?1/9A. She. however, was closely followed by her .sistor-in-law. Mrs. JPhrdoy, whose stand (Nathan's Corner)', yielded £21 17/6£ ...Mrs. Waugh was stationed at the Commercial Bnnk corner. However, Mrs. PaVSey', with £6/513; topped for 'individual box, the Mayoress fotfttg secoKel, with £6',' Other boxes witli ovoi* £2 -were: — Miss Corrigan, £4/16/8*; Misb M'Lennan, '£3 16/11: Mrs. Knight, £3/9/1; Miss M'Giath, £3/0/2; 'Miss M'Cuteteon, £3 H&i Miss Dunstone, £3/0/ It; Mrs. M'Gutcheo/iv £2/lo/6-J-:.Mrs. Wells', £2 6/1 ; Miss 0 Kill, £2/0/5J- ; Miss E. ' O'Dormell, £2,'0fi, The amounts, raked ai the various stafttt* were: — Commercial BanK conifer (Mrs. AAfatf&fi and assistants), £24/1 l.dii ^a'th'ari's Corner (Mrs, Pardey and assistants'/,- £'2;l/l7/6} j ? 'Union Bank (Mrs. H. M'CutclifeV---' arid, assistants-), £10 (11/6& ; post office (MrS, Frere and assist ants), £8/10/lH; Glohtf Hotel (Miss M'Lennan and assistants), £7/15/2; Mate and Co. 's corner (Mrs. J. Allan and as sistants), £7/8/ ; Daniel's corner (Mrs. AY, If. Adams and assistants), £6/lS/0-i ; Siriolfett a'fl-r» Macauley streets (Mrs. H, U. Collins arid assistants), £3/4/5. At Culcairn the six stands realised £10/3/7, Oilier amounts raised were :— Brocldesby, £2/4/3*} 5 Lavington, £4/4J5 ; AVoomargama, 18/4* ; Boti'na, £1/8/1 ; Tfiurgobna, £3/6/2 ; Mullengandra, £1/10/3=} ; ' ? Gennanton, ,£3/9/8'*;. Gerogefv, £2/14/9; ?. Henty-, £2/4/9; 'Walla AValla, £1/16/4. ' . Murray AVater Conservation Scheme.; — Sir. Alexander Peacock inforifls4 the Vic torian Cabinet on Monday that he had received ifohl the Premier of New' !?-outi)- Wales (Air. Holman) the Murray Bivers agreement, with hh (Mr. Holman's) sigxira ture to it. The agreement had now beea signed by the Premiers of Victoria, New' South Wales, and South Australia, When the agreement was arrived at Mr, Oook was Prime Minister of the Commonwealth.. He (Sir Alexander) understood that Mr Fisher wfJliUi honour Mr. Cook's under taking to provide £1,000,000 of the tsta.R cost of £4,663,000 of tine x-roPosed work in accordance with the agreement mado at the conference when the agreement was arrived at, providing tha* on its beihg signed by the three States', legislation should be immediately introduced into tlw»» various Parliaments to authorise what was contemplated, notice of a bill would be given in the Legislative Assembly. Tfce» consideration of such a measure would, however, be left over for the new Parlia ment. The agreement provides for the . establishment of storage works and locks to enable the- waters of the Murray to be utilised for irrigation purposes. Their cost, with the provision, of £1,000,000 by the Federal Government excepted^^ill bo v. borne equally by the States of A'ictovia,. New South Wales, and South Australia It is int-endetl that a commission shall bo appointed to control the undertaking, con sisting of representatives appointed on be half of the Commonwealth and 'the three States. The principal item of expenditure will be in regard to the construction of the huge dam above Albury. ' - Riverina Misses the Rain.— When- it- was- announced that Mr. Hunt, the. Government; Meteorologist, had predicted general rains- for New South AVales, thero was great re joicing in anticipation of good things. Re-' lief, at such a time would have meant hun dreds of thousands of pounds in the pockets of the Riverina producers. Mr. Hunt's predictions were not verified in the full although substantial rain has fallen over the greater part of the State. The disap pointment consists in the failure of the change to penetrate to Riverina, as n-i ' station south of, the Murrumbidgeo receiv ed any benefit. The nearest, section of tho vast southern wheat belt that received any rain was Temora, where' a 'quarter of an inch was measured. It is now five weeks since any rain has fallen in Riverina, so there is very little hope of anything com ing of the crops, in the matter of grain. The best of the crops havo been applied to hay, and it is satisfactory to know that a good price is being offered for that com modity, .so that where good crops ai*e cut the ? returns , will be satisfactory to tho farmers. On the Murrumbidgeo the crop has not' been nearly as good as it has beoa on tlie Murray, as a great many of tho Murrumbidgec paddocks havo been turned into pasturage areas. On the western sido of Albury there will be some good .hay crops — a few havo yielded as high as two tons to the -acre— Init it is not expected , that ^ many of, the areas reserved for grain' will return any .surplus above ?seed- ing requirements. It' is satisfactory to know that the-, heavy rains in -. some parts of the, State will render it unnci'es-wir.V to import fodder foy' the sustenance of local herds, as good grass will be available in several districts for the stock from tho drought-affected districts. ? ? Licensing Matters at AVolla' AValla. — rfn the Albury .Licensing Court on Monday,-! Alexander Ferguson applied fora colonial wine license nt WalJn AValla, but it was decided to postpone dealing -'with the mat ter until. Monday, noxt. A point of some interest was raised in regard to the license of tho AValla AA;alIa * flote], tho licensing inspector, Senior-Sergeant. Ulack burnr, applying thot'the assessment' bo raised to £240, and the license fee in- -- creased to £30. In tho past the fee was only £12/10/, half tho fulhfcjc, the reduc tion having been made under the pro visions of the Licensing Act that prescribe if a license is1 necessary to meet tho needs of the travelling public, and such licensed KmTsc Is not within seven miles of another licensed house, the court msiv allow the concession of half the fee. Mr. Tietyens ? appeared for tlie I'consec, AVilliain Carter, to opnoso the application of the inspector for the levying of tho full fee. Mr. Tiotyens maintained that no fresh grounds ' existed to support the inspector's action, that the community needed a licensed house, and the premises came within the meaning of the concession in regard to its situation over seven miles from another licensed house. The court had no option in regard to the matter, but the chairman of the Bench (Mr. Jarnieson, P.M.) held there might he other reasons that con tributed to the low rating of the hotel. Mr. Tietyens said the court could not deal in 'other reasons' that were not provided for in the act. Inspector Blackburne said that since the fee had been reduced the rent had been raised from £150 to £300 . per annum. The Bench had refused to re duce the fee in regard to the hotel at Bowna, although the closest hotel to Bowna was nine miles distant. Walla Walla should not possess an advantage over Bowna in a matter. of the kind. After argument the inspector agreed to withdraw the application, stating he would bring the subject up again, and in the meantime the application for the colonial wine clicense, which had some bearing on the other license, would be dealt with by the court. Mr. Wragge Talks About the Weather.— Mr. Wragge, who is at present in New Zealand, has expressed his opinions in re gard to the dry conditions that have lately prevailed in Australia,' maintaining that his cycle theory has been supported by the records of past years. He has computed forecasts for the seasons of Australia up till 1930, and these, he says, are applicable to New Zealand, with slight modifications, owing to physical and geographical rea sons! During 1914 and part of 1915, he says, tTie rainfall, taking Australasia, as a whole, will be under the average. This by no means implies that there will be no rain. On the contrary, good intervening rains will occur, and the last part of this period will be better than the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards, the rainfall will markedly increase, and from 1916 to 1920, inclusive, the seasons will be dis tinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After. 1920 the rainfall will begin to % steadily, fall off. and the worst part of the next great 'under-average' period will be 1923 and 1924. In 1925, matters will begin to improve, and good seasons will prevail from 1926 to 1930. These forecasts, ex plained Mr. Wragge, are mainly based on the physical condition of the sun with re spect to its maxima and minima moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we are nearing the end of -the solar minimum — or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we on earth had no. conception.' were least violent. The maximum period would com mence at the end of 1915. and until then, although he did not expect the seasons to be so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must., not be anticipated. Intervening rains in New Zealand should give a heavier fall than in Australia. In the droughts he predicted, New Zealand would not suffer to the same extent as Australia, owing to its climate being insular, whereas that of the fatter was continental.  FENCING. -o-- This is the age of newspapers of all sorts of shapes, sizes and for all kinds of persons, but one would think that a paper to deal exclusively with such an ordinary subject as "Fenc ing" would be impossible. That such is not the case is proved by the receipt of "The Cyclone Zephyr," or Something about Fencing, a neat eight-page quarto sheet, which extols the virtues of the "Cyclone" fence and gates, An extract from it reads: If in this world you'd make business to hum, You must blow your own trumpet and beat your own drum; lie modest when modesty's virtue itself, But in pushing new business, put that on the shelf. The editor has acted up to this ex hortation, as the following introduc tory par shows The "Cyclone" Fence is so named because it sweeps all before it. It has already covered a hundred thou sand miles in the United States, and no0w it has swept across the seas and commenced a grand course of devas tation in Australia, where it has already begun in e.rnest to sweep away almost, every other kind of country fence in existence. More power to it ! And this present gentle ZEPIIYR, which is stealing over the length and breadth of this great continent of ours, is but heralding the advent everywhere of thle mighty "C'yclone," which will as surely follow in its wake as the day follows the night. For who has not exnerienced the troubles and trials attending that obsolete kind of fence of the black wi-re variety, which nel ther holds in nor holds out; which slacks, rusts, and decays; and in variably leads a disreputable life, and comes to an ignominious end? Surely a trim, tight and bright "Cyclone" Fence, which holds all ways, and always holds all ways,, can ing a peace and a joy which passeth the understanding of him that possesseth it not. Do you doubt it ? Give heed then to tile cloud of witnesses which even at this present testify unto the truth. They swear neither by their heads nor by the hair which groweth thereon. They swear only by the " Cyclone " Fence-which is quite a different thing from swearing AT a fence. This high-toned custom is rapidly going out of fashion, exact ly in the same ratio, in fact, as the "Cyclone" Fence is coming into fas hion. Surely then the " Cyclone," amongst its many other virtues, may claim to be regarded as one of the new great moral agencies of the 20th century ! For not only does it do away with tile necessity of swearing, but because of its entire reliability, it contributes towards a calm teml perament and general serenity ol dis position, which enables the soul to aspire after loftier things than those ,which occupy the vexed mind of the man who stands ruefully contemplat ing his rusty old black wire fence, with his escaped sheep charmingly silhouetting the distant horizon. And a good well-built " Cyclone " Fence, with its silvery cables shimmering in the sunlight, is as ornamental as it is useful. And is not a thing of beauty, a joy for ever ? Why, then, continue to bow down and worship the customs of your forefathers, who knew not the "Cyclone" Fence? Why be still held in the bondage of a fence which is neither ellicient nor orna mental, but which is a -perpetual source of trouble and annoyance, when a "Cyclone" can be had for the asling-and a mere scrap of printed paper stamped One Penny ? But the latter is only a detail. We have not consulted Mr. Barrachi, nor yet Mr. Wragge, as to the meaning, or poss ible recurrence, of this all.preoading ZEPHYR, because we know its mean Ing, and too shrewdly suspect that it will blow every month (barring poss ible delays) to need further advice on the subject. However, we set this first ZEPHYR on its course of heraldry, with all the joys of an in ward satisfaction born of having nobly done our'duty by zephyrously pointing out the duty of others. May they as conscientiously dis charge theirs as we shall continue striving to fulfil ours ! Another page reans It is not expected that the birth of this little paper will create any great stir in journalism, or as a consequence there will be sudden fluctuations in the price of stock in the steel wire.market. However, every respectable journal should have an excuse for its existence. Ours is that there is a grevious lack of in formation on the best methods of wire fencing. We have some knowledge on the subject, and want more. What we don't know about it would fill. a much larger paper than this, so if any reader has any information on the subject which will be of value to sis fellow-men, we wish him to send a full account, and we will help to hand his name down as a public benefactor. Any of our readers may obtain a free copy of the journal by writing to 128 Franklyn-street, Melbourne.  TOWNSVELLE DETERMINED. '. A meeting of the committee ap^ pointed, at the recent meeting called ?to consider a proposal to engage Mr. ? C. I.. Wregge to conduct e . weather Bureau in- Noxtii Queensland during the citAonic season was held at tha oftce of the secretary on' , ? Tuesday afternoon, says the 'Bulletin.' It was resolved that owing to.lhe. ne- gotiations with Mr. Wr-nrge having fallen through, a letter be addressed to the Government asking if theWea (her Department would find a resid ent officer for Towns srille, and supply ;the necessary data to him during ibc s present cyclonic season, and in such Case, would they not see their Way. ...to ray all expenses. what, amount would thejr require to be paid by the focal committee.  Northern leteorologicai Station. Pibifc Meeting ii Cains. Federal 6fl«roBHit to bi Igiio I In response 'toa request - from the ¡Cairns Chamber of Commerce, the Mayor (Aid. C. McKenzie) convened a public meeting at the Council Chambers on'Wednesday afternoon to discuss the'question of the establish- ment ¿Ta Meteorological Station in No rifa Queensland, The Mayor pre- sided, and there were .also present : Messrs. J. Alison, E. S. Mann,- ' Jv; Carlile. S. H. Warner. T. H. Donald- son. W. H. J.'Mayers, Rev. J. Kirke, Dr Tyrie, and J. R. Craig. Aa apo-j logy for absence^ was received from-; Mr. As J. Draper, who was attending . the Northern Sugar Workers Board. I The Mayor in opening th« meeting said : We ¿re perfectly satisfied that it is necessary ia the interests of lila and limb, and the protection of gen I eral property, that there should be a I meteorological station eatabliahea . ia 'North .Queensland. The sparse. ._at-_ tendance; thia ait«rao«».-:»>%»* ss/isaj. counted Jbr hy th», fact. that JÙ. Cfev ment-Wragge;. the ; renowned meteoro- logist, to whom everyone looks - ; for general", information, will not be here until some time in April. I under- stand ,he is. coming hera to lecture on the matter,, and after that we may possibly, call another public meeting and be able to decide best where is the most suitable place f or a meteo rdogtail station. /We are really in the bands of experts, and when Mr. Wragge is here we will .form a ' better idea of the whole toing. . I would now. ask the representatives of the Cham. ber of Commerce' to move the resolu- tions they have decided upon. Dr. Tyrie: Before the -motion is 'put I saw a statement that there was a barograph in Cairns. -Where is it ?' .. ; . ?,- ;?"' The Mayer : At the -Post pSce. The Secretary ol the Chamber ol Commerce then' read a letter received recently from "the Townsville^ Met- eorological ' Bureau, which"' 'stated' that thc question of the establish oaant.of a Northernmeteorvlogicai sta. tion had been engaging the attent- ion of the Townsville Chamber . ol Commerce, tia shipping community, and others for some time. As - th« cyclone season wea advanced, - : and the Commonwealth Government had written stating they could not. es- tablish a mctetoMogical ' station ia North Queensland;, it was considered necessary to take"- prompt independa ent actiop. A public meeting called by the Mayor on January -22nd had been'very largely attended, and it was unanimously resolved to estab- lish a meteorological bureau al Townsville. A committee had - beet iomud^^^.-WMsie1 bad tass»' in- vited to come to North Queensland and take charge. The trustees of th« Yongala" fund had decided to -'offal £100 towards the project- "A tele gram had been sent to the Postman 1¡er General and Prime Minister ask inb that ? weather telegrams be sent to the bureau free of charge- It waa estimated that the coat of the Bur- eau would not exceed,.,£400* duriag I the present ;cyclone »eaeon. ¡The operation-JO!-Cairns was invited. -- ? . A. second letter from the - same source under date Jeauary 2oth stay-' teda cable had been sent to Mr. Wragge offering him £20 weekly to come and take charge during the cy- clone ssasoa ana a reply bad been received from him stating it was im- possible foe him to do so this season, but mentioned that he would' be lec- turing in North Queensland in April when. tte matter could be ' placed on a sound basis. The letter - from Townsville further "mentioned that although' a good start had been mad« it was. hoped to further the "object desired by the fullest co-operation be- tween Cairns ? and Townsville- " Dr. Tyrie : On lo0»ing round tha room I see the banking and commer- cial .interests represented here: Be- fore a motion is moved r think;/ it should be known bow much support those interests are going to 'give tc th» nwii^ct. . . T Mri " J..AIim>:-.The>matter-t> baa' baen altered Eomevbat owing ' ito Mr- Wragge finding, himself unable ? i to accept the o3er made by the Townsville people.' I -wou]d suggest that;': we get ' in touch w tb our ,Tmd «ral members ol Parliament r and ask them to urge the fWmü omm. man*-t* " appoint Hr. Wragge- met- eorologist in the-Vorth - during . the cyclone season. Mr. Bunt, the GOOK monwaalth Meteorologist, . came to Cairns and we .inter-, ijsïéd him, but he went south and seemed to carry, more weight than we did, with the result that "tb* Federal Government acting, on nia - advice," «an^;&lt;terei . ir; waa Vunnecesisary.. to have a/meteor«) logical station establiabed in Worth i Queensland. " We think' differently. WV should approach .the Federal Guv- ! ernment through our members . and . trv- and irjf use a I jttle; enthusiasm ir ito the Powers that 'Be', 'and ses - il we;caMot; secure the- appomtmeat yt Mil ' Wta^ge" next ^äi^l^^UV^ mw*" «ae-ià appfoacfebv; tbè »e*rTnl eoneerned, but I-do think * W ahoii) j J¿:«ép;.*'íi^ j»BT^*Qiiewa^ noticed in the press that the Post- master has received advice ih£t when conditions are suspicious tele-i grams are to be exchanged ttï-t ween ' stations7' that'lié* alane ?'.the '"' ir-umf ¡ frota -Sea Hill' to rThun=day It'i-nd. The 'raeré tact of excnangiog tele- grama -betweeav-thea« ' stations »s n» nae -to tte reeideme orcair^. we do not /pose as veatacr esperta : «..d would not know ' what to mace cf th e 'telegrama.»when-"we'ieeeHed -them. ; pr. Nisbet has informed mo - that ¿340, iq f sjsj proinnwit toward proposed meteorological statte, bnf unfortunately, owing-. to ? the ' fact that Slr. Wragge cannât come, 'Do thing can be'doner till next year. ' Dr. Tyrie :"" Surely' if 31 r. Wragge cannot come someone else can ta&é tie position. Mr. Donald-son : I think we should go bald-headed for the Federal Goy eraihent. " : ' ? '. Dr. Tyrie ; Go. bald-beaded your- self and do some thing. - (Mr. Donaldson : We should agitate for-a wireless station straight away. There is no ' possibility of a meteoro logcal station being estnblished herf straight away. What is the use ot having suena station if Cairns baa no wireless, and .Cannot - get into coamunTcation with other places. You laow that, telegraph linea ar« frequently ? down in the wet - -season,, also in the dry .season, when ' there are bush fires. - All the ? meteorologic- al stations in the ' world 7will' be of no use 'to you ; unless - the liñes . : ' are working.- . I wocla-Tike'to see ? a'hugp petition from all'the residents of Cairns asking for a wirelesr station hera. A .station' with a radias of 200 ror 300 miles would be sufficient. Dr. Tyrie : I agree with Mr. Alison and . Hr. Donaldaon. - BO Jar M the \ wireless sutton is. - etmeerned, ' but when ii comes to the meteorological station it is another matter.&lt; Y«( take the interests represented by Mr Alison and Mr. Donaldson. , You al 'insure against fire and other things, but why don't-you insure against cy. Idónic damages? T/hy not plank down thc dollars'? lt is purely a.'cap- italistic thing from end to'end. - ? ' ? JJ tue cost -were split up amongst you ii would be a very, small thing. I dc not see why. you. should/not. instit ulra wireless amongst yourselves. The Mayor : I agree with Mr. Al ¡sou that the matter has ehaarx through the fact that Mr. Wraggi cannot accept the position offered t&lt; him. I think the best thing irs to move a resolution that this meetinj whilst in accord with everything tba had been said in connection with thi establishment cf a meteorological sta tion, remains in abeyance until Mr Wragge has visited North. .Queens- land. ' I will move to that effect mj self. -' . Mr. Alison : I think., ve should .' write to' our Federal members . and se? what, can be, done. We- can men-, tion Mr. Wragg-3, :but if the .GOVT eminent have another man, good J nd welt We want a meteorological Sta- tionen .the "North, and this .- ;puolic,i meeting should take tike opportunity of passing a resolution to bring the matter before the . Government.,, 1 do nat see why the Northern people should sit down and'do nothing. The Mayor : This meeting waa cal- led for the purpose of V encouraging' a meteorological station in the Nort.1 whiefi. is'to be commenced, I under- stand, ; by private enterprise. ' Sup pow rouoffer. tha;(o&lt;IUon to Jfr. Wngp onay oüw .»»>. Il aartuia'; say reputation - to loose; he ¡a not; going to come up her for six months and then lose his position for the re- mainder of the .year.:- -V; .' -Mr. Donaldson : Mr.. Wragge wants to come here for four months. . The Mayor : Perhaps he does and perhaps he does not. If - you -offer, hin* a -(ive:months',engagement * he might., take ¡t. My opinion is.that it ia better to leave the matter in abey ance .for the time being, or else, as Mr. Alison has suggested, write and ask the Federal Oovernment to 'ta*-» tnéSni»tter:"up.:çf ;í ¡5;'. vrA:-/ -:.Xr.yAliénai Mr. Wrag(¿ preiniaed .-'Th*'¿»aj©rr I*ew>^»»--;iwii»»*l. jtgfjgia^ it"í«r better to adjäiA*;-'tfa«f^iB«etmK7 ;tiil-Ve Iw atr.Wi^ fö«»lc. t,W»: 'thesabicct. , , _\A\ '. Mr. Donaldson r I»j¿jinclaVor^-©í writing to the authorities. - One. rr» I son Mr. Hunt, adducal- agaiast .;. " the establishment;of'..'»j meteorological station ¡ in ¿the -Nor« »as the -i pop* ulation-'.basie. iHe sid. tbe-populat ton dad act waiTarntlaacá; a station, and it' wojld be es*blishing a'pre oadentv - To my .mint that argument bas failed beeaose. t^ce toes I hear that a ? wireless stai>n baa bee» ea tabhahed at a plac4ralled Mscausrie Island: 1 do not af where the - pop- ulation Mmes in thfe- I tain* "we Should qsote tba» i ow letter. Tbs subject is onè* which should interest all parts of Australia, because south- ern, people haye many interests in the North. I move that we write ito the Federal Government and ask that a mejeorolobical station be estab- lished in the North, also that ~ We consider Mr. Hunt's' argument about the- population basis is void. - TheMayorr jam willing to drop my resolution. Mr. Donaldson : I have followed th's matter very closely and I- con j sider we should-have a station in North« Queensland. ' " Mr. Alison seconded th» motion, moved by Mr. Donaldson. t Dr. Tyrie : I will move an amend- ment that action be delayed until a canvas bas been made among thr- eading business people, and it is ascertained what ? financial: support they will accord the project. . The Mayor : We are going to the Government, and we expect them to Pay for the lot. Dr. Tyrie : A' lot of people «o»» here and do nothing but yap, yap, yap. .j i The Mayor : You ao the sanie. ¿Dr. Tyrie: You. are as good as -anybody at yapping. I will with- draw my amendment ¡The motion moved; by Mr. Donald->? son waa then put and carried. ? ? On the motion of .Dr.. Tyrie, aeeon ded by Mr. Carlile, it wa« decided to support the action of the Cairns Chamber of Commerce in their 'agi- tation, lor ? a wireless - station at Cainia, : ' ? r-~- ;  TOPICS OF THE TIMES 1 [by j '[Communientionfi for tint column, ad dressed to 'Hcniiiiiu,' C,o 'Daily Tcle eraph,' mubt reach the office^ not later than no^n on ilondays.] 'To wado in Bwarltng BtrcoJUB Or io level in my arciun» A-sittiLi^ on the bank With rnv rod tor rompmde. Just ,-ne nnd earth and lieaven And in jiiv soul d ltvi-on, HertorinR joy in li-iriR Wit-b a Kjnrji bright ond free.' Throughout Austrnlin 'no seem to liave hud an exceptionally cold und wet 1 experience during the l-eriod usually called spring here at the nutijjodcfe, but the l&Kt few days have been a*urrner| fvnd more bciabonable. A lady unbur dened herself the othnr day {Indies revel in a mild remonstrance) by ex claiming, '1 rwonder whether that old wot Wraggo hae got anything to do with the weather,' i\hich only sho^s how unjust we can be when wo u re- looking for honiel»ody to blame. It tAkcs a long time to disabuse the minds of washcrladies and sea. captains | of Uie idea tbat Clement 'Wragge ' manufactured cyclones, riun, and other atmospheric sidelines oil purjxjso to annoy thoso who pai-ticularly desire ideal weather to suit then- oWn sjKvinl (mgagements. After -\'ragge re-signed those verv ]iet-;-le began to complain that nowadays nolxKly seemed able rightly to forecast the weather for washing days, picnics, and 'Loon- i Some of thn 'faithful' admit that i there aro 'sermons in stonefs,' aud an 1 lrrcvstible appeal to tue bfist sent: ' incuts of humanity, when an ind.vidual ! linds lumself alone ''.til tiie grandeur and solemnity of nature in its bijsi ? ! moods. 'We are all stirred at times bv ' the eloquence of the gifted prc.ichoj-. But I am bound to say tliat. the ser mon that sho-jk the potty wx^Jticisms t:f the writer into tatters, and brought unshed teaiv-. \ cry close to overflow ing, was the (perusal of the quotatjons 1 in the recent cables from the late1 Captaui iScott's diar.es, -n-ritten on tins practically fracklrtis wiistos of ice and snow. All the horrors of tho situ ation enveloping them, death known to be inevitable, and yet, at tho last gasp, a on 1 n l assurance for eternity tbat must be profoundly inspiring and comforting to the pref-stricken rela tives and fi lends le't behind. . 1 Writing to his mothor, Captain Scott '-,'iya: 'While ;ho end is upproachiug t h».- i^reat («od has calie-l me, but- take ? ?.omfoi-t ; 1 die in jx»ace with the -woi'hl nnd my^eh'. I a.m not nfraid.' . . . Writing to Mis Wilson. 'If thin :--w-i«v. j'iri, Bill and 1 have pone out t .,T, -t ier. I should like you to know | s;-.!.-n lid be was at the endevei l.i't'iii^ly cheerful and ready to sueri , fice hims.df, -with never a word to | ; blcme me for leading hini into this 1 'i'OsS. His eyes hnvo a rom fort able blue b'ok cf hope, and his mind n [Hvacetul w:t!i the sat ^sfa 'tion of Irs laitJi in regarding himself as ]iarr oi a prrat sehenio of the AlinigMij*. f :-'.-in do no rr.ore to comfort, you than :*'!! you that be lived a.s he died - - h1 brave. |rne ninn, the best, ol oomr.-e les and the slaunchcst of friends. My. whole hcait g(xs oi: L to you in pity.' | A\*lm t a splendid refutation of the simply pas-- n£ into the outer darkness m ; em ]x;ra 1 and synritual oblivion, in ? sl--a-l of th.e possibility of fulfilling a ? 'till higher dest.Tny in another sphere. How much more t^'lbng, under the eireiimsta nri-s, the appeals of Scott to 1 Ins wife, regarding their belovc-l son, 'Make him a strenuous man' — not merely for the few fleeting yeai-, of tins uncertain existence, but for all A certain local firm does a larp.e b:;s:rie.-v in delectable drinks, witlj w ordiM-ful and varying fL-ivorings, winch are eh^ii-rlv purchased by th:j-st\ clients. Amonj* the favorites on the menu is that knon n a.s 'Milk 1'loss.' [he other night some young men as sembled before the marble fountain, and being served, one -who-se 'it v ns of t he ' 'spa rlJi/j^1' order .s/iid, as he raisc^d his pla.ss to the light, and fix^d bis eye upon if: 'Is this the milk of u cow or a float r ' And the answer came — '.Non ;t is sold, I should say :t is the latter!' Country vis:toi's are credited v.ith some quaint expressions sometimes. It is said that a certain 'Baruher' ^isit cd Melboui ne at Cup time, and vhilu standing ot the corner of the str*vt received a butt from a passing moto. , which sont him spinning. After a very creditable acrobatieal evolution, he re covered Ins balance, only to l-e again Ftruck by a passing motoi' c-cle. Aft'r the second spin round, lie rubhed him self as he looked ruefully .alter the ' noisy cycle, which wns proceeding on it.*; ^v;Hy. and sa.d, 'If I liad kno^^n that that blamed crork had a foal I would hnve got out of the m ay —sure1'; Of late tbe ]-ooplo of Eannecsion have been silent on the question of -,\sta.blishing unother woollen mill here, ; the action of tho Federal Eabor Go ' vernmcnt in a^-nrding this industrial | 1 prize to Geelong having rather np]iar | . ently flahbei-^asto^l t'heni mean-while. ? Wlietlier the latter or somo more Kub , stantial reason has offected t^io tem porary shelving of the matte? tiiis do I-onent kuowetJi not, hut 'Roninna'' ; has abundant faith in tin? enterprise of the people of Cornwall. Tns., and anticipates an early j-osu^citation. It is iutc-restinp to note that tbe indusnry in m.aking substantial j-rogres.s nt the ( i arrnarnlxxil mills, where add'tional' looms -\cre recently inst«lletl. 'Ihe' profits for the year totalled £,')6% los lid, t\hich, after providing for a G , )x?i- wut. dividend, writing £1M00 off I plant, end marhmoi y, and finding £B-3 ' (or raaohinei-y r^airs a lid tools, en abled the directors to pay a balance off their railway siding, and carry forward £1SSi 7s 7d. Splendid! And «hy not in Tasmania, -which pu-oduces ihe best cbifc* of 'noolUni- in tiio Common wealth y TJie jiroci'si; ol t.ranslorniing a drap- j cry and cioihinci ejri;or;ui;? into ti iu;n1 J for the nioiie v-c]i a tigers and financier's | is going ou apace at the corner of Brisbane and St. John streets, and ill may be assumed that early m the i year of grace 1B1-3 all evidence** I od the r-'ign of frills and frivols will ' liave been obi itera 'Uxl . Meanwhile, j howorer, .some of the o)d association* / seem to die hard. ^'bother i^ is the, Herb oi the worb, the contractors, or the bank olTn...ils 'who aro responsible! 1 am unable to say. but at the present, '1. g'nts ' tb-- buildings Ik-.is1s, arc the! onlv rem i n is:'«*nces of the retailer b'Ttj. on the jireiniscs, millinery still bo-7ig I held out a.s inducements for the) Indies, and 'su l.:ngs' lor the itien.l Tiie bank officials may he trusted to! realise the very considerable influence the 'belter half in humankind exer cises on the 'balances' of clients— hence their rutonoss in holding their wart's in evidence to the last on the windows. Her.ee also the nssui-aucc tliat they can 'get suited here!' I sup]X)se Tasmanians may aflirrn the j existence of an Ar-storracy of Da- | bor by merelv lnent.ioiun^ that it ir 1 ri'pre-v-nted in higher politu-s, in flie 1 l-'edernl Parliament, hy the King! O'Maliev and in iocnl Suit^- pol:t cs by j the Kir! rjohn o! that ilk). Pei^:i-| ally I hnve a considerable amount ot ! the O'Maliey. We certainly could not j accuse the Federal potentate :n ques- 1 tion of u; holding the Dainty of Lai-or -he is eertainly I-^aninp !n.'a\iiy Tip^ni i it. and thf wonder is ihnt the :ntiMl;-l gi-nt La\-onte has not Licked :iway tbe | prop Ion;: ore this. Which bhnps u^1' to the ^,CJ?y serious coiis-derat :on of th' difTcrencc between the1 houe.st and up-; ripht and ^'ell-meaning Ca c-csord i np, to J his liphtsl worker anil un:onist and the R'-If-seek : n p soriniist. 'ho is unfottu-,' nately still able to delude and mislead] the thousands who liave riot yet Jatb-j ouiih! the d(»oi-o.s{~dopths o! misery into! -which they :irc bein;; cajoled. Surely,) with such Oio'-hme; example^ of un- i l.lu.sliuig bj-eaeh of lionorahle a?ri.s-- j ment as this latest ,n Net\ Zealand^ the workers must indole long rise en | mnsse and shake off the- millstone o. i this socialistic tyranny. | The r.'imbnr of Livrj. -rd s;,ilh,g ship ?\\ hieh has rupidiv d^mtlied ihrmi/h vr.sse.'s bein.*. sold' to !'.i: eign ou nei s S furLher rodnctnl to-day h_v tin- K.sv - - ' x j 1 1 1 1 i of the Coluinb-a 1? i \- : ^alule ou a voyage from ifunles m J'.:: (land, -) . in , ballast. She ]?- an ::o:i : ji oi 181SI tons, built in 1£K-, le, M.^rv Bnv- i fleii for Me--si.s. c hi. de 'Wo'l ar.,1 ? Co Sli i - - r ? e 1 1 1 ] v a- .M a re.'i last ,hr -.hm- ; alien, of the siine ownership, s.wik off: tho Fit'1 J,i«T!it-!»;p af'ei collisnn v;ih| n traul.M- while on a vnxn.:.' f,,im M ex- J : I lone.s uj .Hambar.-'. v itb nnra:e A , whuh vas -wrec'.-.-d ! -. sr Deremhei a' f;ia-'.s Harbor, pis! .a-tih of ( olnm- ; bia Rii-er, when boe'-d fiom Antofa;;- j sta to Portland, in ballast. |  Latest Telegrams. THE LEVANTING PARSON. March- 13th. - The story of the Rev. Albert Knight, formerly vicar of Christ Church, Leeds, whose supposed re- &nbsp; cent tragic death by drowning caused a sensation throughout England, but who was subsequently discovered to have left England in the companv of a Miss Fanny Grimes, was revived on Monday morning by the arrival of the steamer Port Lincoln from Lon- don, via Capetown. When the stea- mer arrived at Melbourne a crowd of reporters were in waiting on the pier. But the couple, who are tra- velling as Mr. and Mrs. King, cleverly gave the inquisitive pressmen the slip, and their present whereabouts is un- known. Their fellow passengers on the steamer speak in the hightest terms of the couple. > ¡WAR TO THE KNirE March 13th. The Suffragette sicietics in the United Kingdom have resolved hence " forth to oppose all the Government candidates for Parliamentary honors and to support -those put forward in the Labor interest. Even the non militant section of the suffragettes have begun to boycott those trades- men who haye opposed the movement for granting the vote to women One of the aims, also, is to divert to the suffragette cause donations intended for charitable and other purposes, and all sympathisers with the move- ment are being urged to withdraw all their deposits in the Post Odice Savings Bank and to reinvest the money in countries where the fran- chise is granted to women. SENSATIONAL SHOOTING ' March 13th. An extraord'nary and most sensa- tional shooting affray occur rtd in Melbourne on Tuesday Particulars to hand go to show that the fusillade toole place at the Chinese Consulat*» in William street, during the evening. It appears that after having spent the whole afternoon at the Consulate with^ the Chinese Consul, Gênerai Yung Liang Hwang, discussing mat- ters connected with his previous re- lations as Secietary at the Chinese Consulate, Thomas Jones Chía, aged 30,» suddenly drew from his porket an aitomatic pistol and fired four point blank shots at General Hwang \ Only one of the shots took effect, the bullet entering General Hwang's v artn' and finding exit at the back of the shoulder. Although extremely painful, the wound is not regarded as idangercus, and General Hwang wJl probably quickly recover Thomas Jones Chia is very well known in commercial ' and- social circles) in Mel bourne. At Ithe end of last September an announcement appeared in the press that ^Chîâ had severed h.s con- nection' witn^the Chinese Consulate ás Secretary, - sînçef When he has been. ", connected with the E E.A. & C. Tele- graph Company. Nothing- is known publicly as to the reasons for the Shooting. OPENING IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; March 13th. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; The Imperial Parliament was for- mally opened yesterday by H M. the King. The Speech, read by Premier 'Asquith, indicates a continuance of peace, and that no developments are in view that seem likely to affect the^ national peace or the safety of the Empire, the relations with all other Powers being of an amicable charac- ter. Following the opening ceremony a wild and sensational scene took pla^e «in the vicinity of Parliament Houses. As the Royal procession was leaving the building a crowd of suffragettes broke through the cordon of police 5n a sudden rush, and fpr a few (min- utes five pi the women regularlv bom- barded the King and Queen with vol- leys of printed manifestos sesttírfgi forth their grievances For a few minutes the scene was one of inde- scribable confusion, and was only en Hed by the arrest of several of the women ringleaders, who resisted vio- lently and were somewhat roughly handled. - _7-L.' VARIOUS. -;-. ^T'" -' March 13th. ,~? J At' an absolutely private meeting Vol tire" members of the N.S.W. Bar,-a -- resolution is' stated to have been car i\, ried unanimously setting out that in - . the opinion of those present the re- cent appointments of High Court Judges is not the brst that could have been made. ¡ This morning's cables state that the .Prince of Wales has been spend- ing a considerable portion of his vacation at the German Court as the Kaiser's guest. A NATIONAL CHRISTENING. &nbsp; &nbsp; March 14th. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; On Wednesday the ceremony of christening the new Federal Capital &nbsp; site was officially carried out with a &nbsp; great deal of eclat, there being a great gathering' ofv invited guests pre- sent" from far and near. The cere- mony of naming the new city was performed by Lady Denman, and the official name chosen is "Canberra " The proceedings were divided into .. three main parts-the first being the laying of the foundation stones for commencing the column, the next phase the christening ceremony, and - ' following that the banquet, with several, orations more or less bril-, ¿liant. ( .* .> . - . One of the foundation, stones was laid by the Governor-General, who was presented with a valuable mem- orial trowel as a memento of the historical, occasion; the second stone ?* was laid by the Federal Pilme Min- ister; and the third-by,the Minister "for Home Affairs ( O 'Malley). In the course of an eloquent speech delivered at the subsequent banquet King O'Malley surpassed himself m the delivery of some flowery and grandiloquent periods. He lefcrred to the dense forests of scrub now covering great part of the Fedt-ral territory annually being cleared bv the strong aid of intelligent indus- try; of the dwellers along the mighty Murray and the Murrumbidgee wh-> were gradually becoming neighbours and co-prodûcers with those «hose smiling homes were located on the far-off downs of Queensland, on the plains of Western Australia, among the charming hills of Tasmania, on the new" and fertile lands of the Northern Territory and Papua, elcet-^ era, etcetera. ROWDY ELECTION MEETINC. ^ March 14th. A very rowdy election meeting took place at Subiaco last night, when Rep. Fowler took the opportunity of replying to Senator de Largie's re- cent cnallengc that he would not dare to îepeat outside the charges recently made by him in Parliament in connec- tion with the Chinn affair. Fowler, who- had the opportunity of seeing1 copies of several of the Chinn tes- timonials, said: Of those testimonials I have criticised all contain untruth- ful misleading statements. The originals of many of these testimon- ials are not and never were in ex- istence. I am making myself re- sponsible for everything I say I repeat here and now that Chinñ is a worthless scoundrel and imposter, and, so far as the Federal Government is concerned, it has been guilty 01 a most disgraceful piece of jobbery." VARIOUS. March 14th. All the suffragettes who were ar- rested in connection with the "hold- ing up" of the Royal procession after the opening M Parliament have been sent to gaol.* In connection with the "labour heresy hunt" recently instituted on a motion of the Political Labour League, that League has now carried resolutions in favour of Carmicnacl and otner members accused of luke warmness. All the accused have thus been discharged. (?) All the legal fraternity in New South Wales ate apparently agreed to refrain from offering the usual congratulations when Messrs Powers and Piddington take their seats as Judges of the High Court GREAT GALE AND SINISTER WARNINGS. March 14th. The most disastrous gale ever ex- perienced in South Australia occurred on Wednesday night, thus fulfilling remarkably^ the prediction uttered by Clement Wragge in his lecture the previous Saturday re the approach of the cyclonic disturbance name:* "Pluto " &nbsp; The highest tides ever known were experienced at Glenelg and Henley Beach. Two yachts were driven ashore and completely broken ,up at Glenelg. The schooner Black Alba- tross, of 80 tons, was wrecked at Port Victoria. The French barque General de Souis was also driven ashore a tthe same place. A terrific sea raged in the Gulf. Clement Wragge now states that meteorologically matters are decidedly suspicious off the N W. coast of Aus- tralia, and that northward from Shark Bay will shortly be within the influ- ence of an ugly looking monsoonal disturbance, which he has named "Dimon." The shipping in all those regions is hereby warned accordingly. He believes that "Dimon" will pro- bably overlap a considerable portion of the Northern Territory and cause deluges of rain between Cossack, Dar- win, and extending perhaps as far as Barrow's Creek Severe local "willy willies" will probably be ex- perienced as the result of this dist- urbance at all these places. BALKANS WAR. March 15th. This morning's cables state th-it after some severe lighting the plight of Tuikey is now so desperate that, she has been compelled to the humili- ation of again seeking intervention. A suggestion from Turkey that the Great Powers be called upon to medi- ate has been accepted by the allied States on condition that Adrianople is immediately surrendered; that Scutari and the captured islands in the Aegean Sea be also given up; and that Tuikey finds guarantees for the payment of a substantial war indemnity. It is expected that the Bulgarian troops will march into Adrianople immediately, and that the Monte- negrins will do likewise at Scutari, the absolute preliminaiy to any re- newal of peace negotiations. THE SUFFRAGETTES. March 15th. Numbers of suffragettes have bean noticed parading the banks of the River Thames daily during the pracr tice of the 'Varsity teams for the forthcoming Oxford-Cambridge boat race. It is surmised that some fresh outiage 4s being contémplate-I Boat- men in charge of the sheds have consequently been instructed to deal surrmarily with any feminine tres- passers. ^ They have been insttucted to throw any ' suffragette intruders into the river, and incidentally to s-e&lt;» that they get a thorough fright and ducking before being hauled out again, should there be any attempt on their part to interfere with the racing craft undei their_care. mama, leaving Dr, Mawson and the six men named to spend anot-Ler year among the ice It was considered dangerous to linger longer in any - further attempt to take ti «em off. IMPERIAL NAVY. March I7th. The naval estimates for the fiscal year as piepared by the First Lord of the Admiralty, show a proposed expenditure of £46,309.300. The programme of new constructions to be undertaken during the year in- clude five great battleships, eigit light cruisers, and 16 destroyers and a number of submarines of the latent type, the total amount to be expen- ded in this construction being ,£15, -95S.5?5- It is estimated that the number of officers and men in the Imperial Navy by the end of March, 1914, will be 146,000. THE CLASSIC BOAT RACE. March 17th. Oxford has won the annual boat race, beating the Cambridge crew after what is described as the most des- perate and memorable struggle on record. The race was witnessed by large crowds, and towards conclusion of ,race the excitement was intense. RAILWAY FATALITY March 17th, A train crashed into the rear of a dray yesterday just as it was cross?-; ing the railway line near Melbourne.-* The diay was crowded with'picnics*«-.* James Neill Allison, a married man, was cut to pieces, his head and other parts of his body only being found this "morning In his panic he jumped right beneath the engine of the on- coming train. Another man was seri- ously injured; whilst 20 others had a miraculous escape, * VARIOUS. March 17th. Miss Kure, a young girl from Vic- toria, has just died in the Adelaide Hospital, whither she had been taken suffering from the effects'- of an al- leged illegal operation performed by A woman at Goodwood. This woman has been arrested. The dea\h is announced of Alex- ander Clark, a prominent officiât* in the Adelaide Education Department Prof. David warmly upholds tl.e action of Capt. Davis, the master of the Aurora, in leaving Mawson behind and devoting his energies to rescuc ing Wild's party. Speaking of the results of the Antarctic Expedition to date, he says they will be con- sidered most brilliant throughout the scientific world, especially in the col- lection of highly valuable meteoro- logical data- The Aurora will return to the Antarctic for Dr. Mawson and his companions as. soon as the summer conditions render it passible. Dr. Bevan has returned to Adel- aide. ' 4 A strong committee, representative o£ Adelaide citizens, has just been appointed to fight the referenda pro- posals'" during the. pending election. The " Glasgow Hervid publishes a sensational telegram from its Cairo correspondent to the effect that the Khedive's consort (an Austrian prin- cess) has mysteriously disappeared The Rt. Hon. Joseph Chamber- lain has presented to the Tariff Re- form League the sum of £5714 lately presented to him as a birthday gift by some of his admirers. The British Army estimate? for 1913-14 £ mount to £28,220,000 Will Thorne, M P.. has declined to attend at Stiatford, in his con- stituency, on the occasion of a State visit to that place by their Majesties the King and Queen, giving as his reason that the royal visit was not likely to mitigate the chronic pov- erty in his borough, and therefore did not interest him. Roy Taylor has won the S A. Ten» nis Championship, beating aU the Vic- torian and S A. competitors. ACQUITTED. March 15th. The last stage has been reached in \he protracted trial of Capt John Jones, matter of the ship Dimsdale, upon a charge of manslaughter arising out of that vessel's collision with and destruction of the Wonga Shoal Lighthouse on November 17 H=>t, when two keepers lost their lives. The case was concluded at the Sú- pleme Court on Thursday, after a long and patient hearing before the Chief Justice and Jury. After an hour's retirement the Jury returned a verdict of not guilty. VARIOUS. March 15 V It' has been decided by the Federal High Court, consisting of Chief Jus- tice Barton, Isaacs, and Duffy, that payments in respect of the Common- wealth land tax fcnay be deducted from taxable income in calculating tnc Slate income tax, A warrant has been issued for the arrest of Charles Heath, a shipping clerk m the employ of Permcwan Wright and Co,, carriers, of Me bouii-e It is alleged that for some time past Heath has been carrying out an ingenious and no\el jnrthod of defrauding the Customs which is stated to have yielded him over tvvo thousand pounds The fraud was only discovered by accident ANTARCTIC EXPLORATION. March 17th. The . Antarctic exploring ship Aurora arrived at Esperance Bay on Friday tnoining^and landed the mem- bers of the Mawson exploring e«. ptdition. The Secretary, Mr. Conrad Eitel, has supplied the press with a lon^ account of the Aurora's \ova~e *o the Antarctic In this it is explained ho« Dr Mawson not appearing at the Winter Hut on the dite appointed, it was decided that whilst the aurora proceeded to another rendezvous io pick up Wild and his party, six: men, j well supplied with provision?, should be left behind to institute a search for Dr. Mawson and his companions. Thfa party comprised Cecil Madigan, a South Australian Rhodes schol ir, who was appointed the leader, his comrades being R Bage, ^of Mel- bourne, A N. H. Bickerton, of Lon- don; Hodgeman, of Adelaide; Mc- Lean, of Sydney; and S. Jeffries, the wireless operator. The Aurora steamed out of Com- monwealth Bay on the 8 h February. When eight hours out the Captain received a "wireless message reading as fellows: "Have returned to main base safely. Ninniss and" Mert2 are dead Return and. pick up shore paity immediately " This message was signed by "MaWson." The ac- count gees on to say: "The action of Mawson in recalling the ship when he and the shore party were in complete safety, thus en- dangering the lives of all on the ship as well as the lives of Wild and his party will probably be criticised But Mawson has ever proved himself such a thoughtful leader that it may with confidence be anticipated that he will be able to supply a satisfactory explanation of the reasons for this action." In obedience to the message Capt. Davis eudeavoured to return, but ow- ing to 'the setting in of- a furious^ hurricane he found it impossible to .effect a landing, and it was deciùed that Mawson and the party of six men must be left ' behind, as it was feared that Wild and his party might all perish if there was any more de- lay. Eventually, however, W Id and his party were safelv taken off. and the Aurora made a' course for Tas  WEATHER THEORIES M r. Clement Wragge, tile well-known meteorologist, delivered one of his in teresting lecitures at Hlowlong recently before a largo and appreciative audience. Mr. Vragge again dealt with Ihis sun-spot theory as affecting the rainfall. He bed predictel that 1912 would be a year of - rainfall below tile average, and his prediction had been borne oul. He ex pected tthat 11113 would be a lean- year, although probably tile rainfall would be greater than during 1912. From 1013 however, the seasons would improve, and the rainfall would be Ienerous for the 111t4 to 1922, after whltch another drf" spell could be expected. Mr. Ogg, another meteorologist, says thalt thIe first six montlhs of 11)13 are going to be fairly good ones, but' tot so wlth the last six. lie predictions publisbed towards the etd ef last year wsbr vert ccutrate. ite predicts a climtax towardl thoondol February, when heavy floods are to overtake a number of dist ictel; After February a pieponderance of anti; cyclonic i'nfluenco will bring dry and pleasant weather with a slild autuman Ieuctical rains and loods are to overtakb the Southern Stantes I the early winter; btut the weathler is to be cold, and froets nore nulmeroust anid mnore severe tbadt the average. 'Light and patchy epring rine, with insullicelont rainfall' in ouode districts, are foretold. Tihe eusunie'r raiet ill prove unseatisfactory. ie 'says, tonl ' thle theant crops awill be very lIght.  PROPOSED NORTHERN WEATHER BUREAU. MR. CLEMENT L. WRAGGE'S VIEWS. During the visit of the Federal Me teorologist (Mr Hunt). to North Queensland some months ago, for the expressed purpose of inquiring into cyclonic records, the matter of estab lishing a North Queensland branch of the Weather Bureau within the cy- clonic belt was urged upon him here and at Cairns. but more especially at the last-named place, where a Cham- ber of Commerce deputation waited on him and brought some strong arguments to bear in support of the proposal. Since his departure repre sentations have been made by letter by the Townsville Chamber, but with no effect, and the scheme has been definitely turned down by the Depart ment, principally upon the score of expense. That the proposal has the support of Northern residents gener ally there can scarcely be a doubt, and some there are who are so fully con- vinced of the benefit and necessity of the establishment of a bureau during the cyclone months, that despite the discouragement of Federal adminis tration, they are still moving in the matter, and believe that it is of suffi cent importance to warrant action be ing taken by the residents, even at some sacrifice and expense. Promin ent amongst these in Townsville is Dr. W. B. Nisbet. His duties as Quarantine Officer bringing him into contact with the captains and pilots of the overseas vessels, as well as the coasting steamers, Dr. Nisbet has had opportunities during the' past few months of bearing the views of sea sea-faring men, and without exception &nbsp; the necessity for a Northern bureau is acknowledged and supported. And amongst the ship captains. Captain G. Irvine, of the Innamincka, is inter esting himself most keenly. When It became evident that there was no hope from the Federal authorities, the ques tion of endeavoring to establish a bu- reau during the summer months by means of subscriptions and donations from citizens and public bodies inter ested was mooted, and some inquiries as to initial costs was made, with the result that a very interesting letter has now been received from Mr Cle- ment Wragge, whose fame as a me teorologist has been established throughout Australia, and who, it is considered, would be the most suitable man for the position. Whilst the Innamincka was in port on Saturday a 'T.D. Bulletin' repre sentative visited the vessel, when Cap- tain Irvine, in the course of a chat, produced the letter setting forth Mr Wragge's estimates and views. From &nbsp; this it will be seen that the sum re- &nbsp; quired would be about £1000. The let ter, which was addressed to Captain Irvine, was dated from Auckland, 5th December, and read as follows: — 'I value ever so much your kind let ter of November 10th, which reached me after a long delay, and I am glad to know that my arduous work in Queensland of years ago is at least appreciated by my friends of the ship- ping community and others, and es pecially in North Queensland. I will Just say here that before my weather bureau was disbanded by Government everything in connection therewith, es pecially re the warning of hurricanes, was first-class working almost with the precision as of a 'chronometer.' Furthermore, I will say without a mo- ment's hesitatlon, and in strict jus- tice to myself, that, had I been in of fice, ample warning would have been given of the storms that wrecked the Yongala and Koombana, with others. It is a matter of correct diagnosis of the isobars and the faculty of reason- ing the thing out from the winds, clouds, barometric figures and other elements. Knowing that the founda- tions that I so faithfully and truly laid for the weather signal service have within the last 10 years been ne- gatived continues to be a very sore point with me, inasmuch as utterly apart from every personal considera- tion, I loyally devoted the best years of my life in every minute detail to the service of Queensland and Aus tralasia generally, and I regarded my stations as so many 'pet babies,' which I was destined to lose. Without be- ing egotistical, I know, my power full well In this matter, and that no one at present in these States can ade quately take my place. As matters now stand, I recommend that an en- tirely independent weather signal ser vice should be established along the coasts of Central and North Queens land. There should be at least nine stations ln the region indicated, and to equip these properly would cost about £25 each. In addition, arrange ments would most certainly have to be made with the French and Pacific cable companies whereby cypher mes sages could be received at the head office— say at Townsvilles or Cairns— from the stations at Gomen, Noumea, Norfolk Islands, and Suva. With re spect to observers at the Queensland belt of stations some remineration should be given to each observer, the amount to be decided by those who organise the new service (unless, of course, any enthusiastic volunteers should come forward). Furthermore, a code telegrams, formulae for which are in my possession, would have to pass to and from the head office with respect to the new stations, and as the telegraphs are a Federal concern these would havs to be paid for. Probably less than £1 per day would cover this item. An assistant would be necessary for clerical work at a salary at the rate of say £200 a year. I suppose that the new service would operate only during the hurricane months, say from December to April inclusive. With re spect to myself, I must be perfectly straightforward. Since my weather bureau was disbanded scientific lectur- ing and writing have been my means of living, and this is still so. At present I am engaged to commence a new lecture-tour, opening in Hobart on Feb- ruary 14th next, from thence It is pro posed to travel, via South Australia, to lecture in Western Australia, pass ing round the North Coast and lectur- ing through North Queensland between June and October next. Also I have acquired interests in New Zealand which require my presence there for at least three months out of the twelve. Thus I prefer to leave the financial as- pect of my own case to the considera tion of my many friends In North Queensland, so as to hear what they propose. Excluding myself from the estimates already given, you will be enabled to formulate a decision as to what the whole thing will cost, not losing sight of the fact that the finan- cial proposals entirely cover the hurri cane months only. In conclusion, I would again say how heartily I appre- ciate your communication, and the ef- forts of Dr. Nlsbet and my other friends, to whom please, as opportunity offers, convey my kindest remem- brances. The necessary instruments, apart from my own private outfit, which I have here and sufficient for one station only, would have to be ob tained from London, and if necessary a cable could be sent for them to the makers with whom I used to deal ln days gone by. With best wishes, yours sincerely,— Clement L. Wragge, late Go- vernment Meteorologist of Queens land.' Captain Irvine, whose experience with the Innamincka in the Cairns hurri cane last year, will be fresh in the memory of everyone, and whose con duct was the subject of the warmest enconiums from the passengers on that occasion, had some interesting things to say in connection with the necessity for such a Bureau. 'The first question is,' he remarked, 'can we raise £1000? People are ready enough to come down with their money when a disaster has occurred, but will they be ready to do so beforehand, and as a method of insurance against such disasters? Per sonally, I think the best thing would be to form a committee here or in Cairns, or in both places, to work it up. I have no doubt that numbers of people would be willing to subscribe, but there must first be some authorised source to receive donations. It must be remembered that this is not for the benefit of the North simply. It will be for the benefit of everybody from Thursday Island to Melbourne. Prac tically all the crews of the coastal ves sels are from Sydney and Melbourne, where their families reside, so it is not a local question. In another sense, however, it will be a local question for the North. When the Panama Canal opens these Northern ports will be the nearest to America by that route. But sea captains will not care to bring their ships into the narrow waters .be tween the coast and the reef, within the hurricane belt, when they know there is no meteorological station here to warn them of coming disturbances. A hurricane when one has sea room is a much less dangerous experience &nbsp; than one in confined waters. And the sea captains have a big say in these matters, as they are the eyes and the ears of the owners. They would na- turally prefer to give North Queens land a wide berth and make for a southern port outside the disturbed belt. And this, I believe; Is the only such coast In the world which Is .lot protected by the establishment of a weather bureau. 'It is up to the North to put forth their best exertions and get some such bureau established. Of course, people only recollect the years in which some great disaster has been caused, at in tervals, probably, of several years, but every season there are several of these disturbances which strike somewhere. The coastal ships are getting bigger every year, and the numbers of the crew increasing. For instance I have 60 on this ship, and there are many larger on the coast. And It is worth while doing something, to protect the lives of so many.' Dr. Nisbet, speaking on the same subject, warmly supported the views of Captain Irvine. Speaking of Mr Wragge's letter, which he had seen, Dr. Nisbet said it would appear that nearly £1000 would be required. As the Federal Government would do nothing, he thought the people of the North should take the question up. The probable sources of revenue, he thought, should be subscriptions by the general public, shipping companies, marine and insu-. ance companies, and a grant from the State Government. It would, he thought, be only necessary to provide for one hurricane season, for in after years, when it had once been shown that the citizens were prepared to put their hands in their pockets to obtain the protection they desired, the Fede- ral Government would be prepared to take action. He had spoken to num bers of people- who were convinced of the necessity of the establishment of the bureau. The Chambers of Com merce both at Cairns and Townsville had shown themselves to be in favor. He thought it would be advisable to get a public meeting, and form a com mittee to get the scheme moving here and in Cairns, and at other centres, leaving it entirely in the hands of the experts appointed to say where the head centre should be established.  SEASONS AND SOLAR SYSTEMS. MR. WRAGGE 'S REAL FORECAST. Homo remarks attributed to Mr. Clement L. Wragge, whoso name as a mctcrologist is known the world over, by a Melbourne paper a short while ago, cast a gloom,' as tho death no tices say, over the farmers and pastora lists of Australasia. But it seems that Mr. Wragge did not say what he is said to have said, so he sets himself right with thoso . gentlemen who fol low the cult of the land, sheep, horse, or cow, as a profession, and with the country generally. Said tho big chief weather prophet between pipe-puffs and re-lights:— 'A few weeks ago I gave a forecast to the Melbourne 4 'Age,' and stated that between 1010 and 1915, or at the utmost 1916, the rainfall in Australia as a whole would fall below the aver age. Such is understood liv tlio 'drought,' remembering that drought, meteorologically understood, means pre cipitation under tho average amount, and does not necessarily imply such a drought as that which was experienced iu 1901-2. I further stated, or implied, that the falling under the average (or 'drought') would be more pronounced i iu tho inland districts of Australia than would be tho case near the coast; and that if pastoralists, fanners, and others were wise they would not ovorstock but would conserve water while it is yet here and would certainly make ensilage and store up fodder instead of burning it and letting it go to waste. Such teach ing, it would be understood, is thorough ly in harmony with the parable of the 10 virgins, five of whom were wise, and five were foolish. NO PROPHECY OF 'SEVERE DROUGHT.' 'Now, the report was immediately circulated, and particularly in Gipps land aud parts of New South Wales, that 'Mr. Wragge had said that Aus tralia was ou the eve of six years se vere drought.' I never used thoso words, and strictly adhere to what has already been said in the foregoing, namely, that a deficiency of rainfall, more or less, will be experieuced within or during the period named, aud this is the very best that meteorological science cau give at this present stage iu the history of weather study.' 'On what do you base your con clusions, Mr. Wragge?' 'My answer is threefold. To fore cast seasons one must study first tho physical condition of the suu, with rc spect to what are known as its maxima and minima moods; secondly, the as tronomical position of the moon, and the swing of lunar declination north and south from the equator, which pro duces tides iu tho atmosphere analogous to thoso produced in the ocean; and thirdly, the perturbations produced ou this planet and its atmosphere by the as tronomical positions of our fellowplan ets. This latter is very complex, and for the subject of our interview may be practically waived. ??io speaK particularly with respect to the sun. It is now well' known that that subtlo medium called tho ether, by which wireless telegraphy becomcs pos sible, is, in reality, the all-pervading' ocean of electricity that links together ovorything that is in tho vast abysses of tho eternal heavens — called the Su pra-Uuiverse — and everything that is in the profundities of the Infra-Universe — by which is moant the atoms, rnolo cules, germs, corpuscles, and electrons. In a word, everything is linked up by tho other, aud , everything forms part and parcel of everything else; and it is all the same story from the corpuscle to the mighty sun Canopus. And, as our sun, milliards of years ago, was hurled off from a mass of disintegrating ne bula, so was this earth cast off from the sun by a process analogous to tho dis integration of tho radium atom about 900,000,000 years ago, as far as scienco can at present fix the period, and tho moon in its turn was hurled off the earth. Our fellow-planets, also, were hur led into space from the solar orb at dif ferent periods in the history of our solar system. WIRELESS TO THE SUN. 'Bearing in mind, then, what has already been said, it will at once be conceded that tho oarth aud the sun are in harmony, or linked up by 'wire less,' through' 93 millions of miles. And they as tho great liydrogon flames leapt from tho sun's atmosphere to a height oven exceeding 334,000 miles, and as the great storms, called the sun spots, break out, somo havinjr diameters of from 30,000 to 80,000 miles, hurl off vi bratious or pulsations to tho very ether itself which are analogous to Marconi waves. Such may also bo likoucd — to give a popular idea — to tho waves form ed in water when a stoue is thrown in. Under the Titanic ctheric waves hurled off by tho sun this earth throbs and pul sates exactly as a telegraph wire un der tho hand of the operator. Vibrations with respect to this planet act in much tho same way as a controller acts to an engine, at tho one timo 'drawing tho strings' — to uso au expression — and at another letting them loose. They aro therefore immediately responsible for thu volcanic eruptions, the earthquakes, tidal waves, and hurricanes, and not only displace all aurorae, but' also, aud very especially, for abnormalities, in sea sons — as droughts, famiuos, floods, and good passages; tho prevalence or other wise of certain diseases also come un der tho same influence.' SOLAR VIBRATIONS AND SEASONS 'What has led you to concludo that the solar vibrations affect tho soasons?' 'Well, I have been a student of solar physics for about 35 years, and claim to have proved that when the sun is at his maximum energy tho rainfall in tho southorn homisphoro is over tho aver ago, aud that when the sun is under tho nti ni in uni influcnco bad seasons prevail in tho southern hemisphere, and particu larly in Australia, which, by its peculiar geographical position, is 'particularly susceptible to solar influence. Tho very opposite prevails in the northern hemi sphere aud the two hemispheres respond in opposite ways to the sun's conditions, exactly as we have opposite circulation of the winds around the cyclones and anti-cyclones in the northern aud south ern hemispheres respectively. During the maximum of the sun, moreover, earthquakes and volcanic action, with drought, are particularly marked iu the northern hemisphere, while the southern hemisphere is then more or less in a state of seismic rest, with good sea sons. When the minimum of the sun comes oil, or is evolving— for it is a gradual process— then- earthquakes and volcanic action begin to fall off in the northern hemisphere, and the rainfall to go up, while earthquakes and seismic nction become more marked in the south ern hemisphere. It is only necessary to go back into recent, history. The crest of the solar maximum occurred in 1905, and since then, to .1909, the maximum has been gradually falling off by a series of minor crests. But yet in the aggregate the maximum period has been abnormally prolonged, evidently owing to a dark sun or other cosmic body getting on our suu. THE BOOM IN EARTHQUAKES. , 'Cast, j'our minds back into recent history, and this hypothesis will be found to have been fulfilled to the let ter. Remember the earthquake of April, 1905, in India, when the sun was at the height of its energy; the subsequent earthquake, in Japan and Formosa; the disastrous Italian earthquake of a few years ago, when Arcsuvius was in full eruption; the San Franciscan and West Indian earthquakes, and others, includ ing those in tho south of France and in Mexico. And be it said that on every occasion cited great upheavals were tak ing place in the sun. During the maxi mum period, moreover, .remembering what I have said, a terrible drought prevailed in Spain and in other- parts of Europe, especially in south-eastern Russia, where, as the cablegrams told us, parents were forced to sell their very offspring for bread; then there was the Manchurian droughts, etc., and all the while Australia, don't forget, was enjoying good seasons. As the sun's condition has since been approaching the minimum trough, what do we find? We find the conditions becoming ox actly reversed, namely, floods in Spain, floods in Paris, in Italy, and Central Europe; floods in England; the great floods in Japan, involving millions of pounds damage, and ,tlic cloudbursts in America — and particularly the Yoscmito Valley. ? Meantime, tho incoming influence of the solar minimum is now affecting Australasia, where, already, in certain parts,, as, for instance, Gipps land, the Otago goldfields in New Zea land, and elsewhere, the rainfall has fal len under tho average, and earthquake action has gone up, as is evidenced by the records of the seismographs at the Sydney, Melbourne, and Perth Observa tories.' 'When your original forecast of a coming deficiency was given a few years ago, I think you mentioned that 1910 would be a bad year?' 'Yes, I did, and I predicted tho worst would be about 1912, but then I was not awaro of tho extraneous cosmic influ oncc that acted to prolong abnormally the maximum mood of tho suu. And thus I have to add on two years at least, and make the 'drought,' or undertlie average, period between or during the closing part of 1910 and the end of 1910. LOCKING TIIE RIVERS. 'You will understand that this is a big subjcct, and ono most absorbingly interesting to all Australians, and it is difficult to do full justice to it in -an ordinary newspaper interview. If a couu try would succeed, it can only bo by its people bringing themselves into har mony with cosmic law, which alone en ables a nation to master its fate and fulfil its destiny. Therefore, aud speak ing from the scientific and logical point of view, I argue that it will be more statesmanlike and rational for tho Fedo ral Government to spend the money in tended for Yass-Canbcrra on pluckily taking the conditions in hand' with a masterly grip, and locking tho rivers, such as the Murray and its tributaries, the Maranoa, the Warrego, and tho Darling, and others, and consorvo water. With this tho country could bo irrigated and the wilderness made to smilo like Eden. The climate could thus be modi fied, ucutralisinir ou tho one linml flm effects of the hot, burning wind, aud ou the other modifying to an extent the cold busters from the south. 'With a rational and national scheme of water conservation and inland irriga tion tho desert wastes of Australia might be redeemed and mado as fertile as thoso of tho valley of Utah, which I personally know. Such would bo true statesmanship, aud the Federal capital might well bo held over in tlio nioantiino First', what is wanted in Australia is population, but population cannot bo settled on a large scale under the con ditions at present prevailing inland. They must bo mado agreoablo to tlio conditions of tho progressive settlor's life.' THE COMING SHORTAGE. 'Do you think, Mr. Wragge, that the deficiency in rainfall which you pre dict between 1910 and 1910 will bo as severe as the 1901-2 drought?' 'No, as far as can bo seen, it will not, because tho socond factor, namely, tho astronomical position of the moon is operating against tho incoming mini mum mood of the sun. Tho swing of lunar declination has increased, and is increasing. Thus tlio vibrations of the atmosphere, particularly over ocoanic aroas, will bo lifted in tho form of tides to the upper regions, thero to bo condensed into a certain amount of rain by the cold, highpressure systoms, disregarding the difference of prossurc duo to difference in height. It will thus bu understood that tho moon is acting against the sun. But tho sun has tho first say in the matter. Therefore, there will be the deficiency in rainfall with in or during the years I have already stated, Q.E.D. . 'Let farmers aud pastoralists then, be wise, and follow my advice. There is no need for alarm. Let their jjrayer be: 'Great Architect of the Universe, give me wisdom; let me dam and conserve the waters and fodder.' 'Such,' said the fortune-teller of the elements, concluding, 'is true logic, and I can say no more.'  Current News. ESuilway -' De'iitli-tritpSt,'' The Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Dumb Animals would ap pear to have good-reason to instil its objects into the minds of certain rail way employes. Frequently a thought ful action would save the lives of hundreds of sheep, but if the experi ence of Mr G. Anderson in trucking sheep to Wyclieproof can be taken as an indication of the Railway depart ment's methods, the officials are frustrating the action of a Government which is advising farmers to increase the productiveness of the land. A truck of sheep left Meredith on Thursday, a»d were detained at many stations where trains are made up aiid trucks bumped about, They arrived in Wycheproaf on Saturday evening having. been in the trucks 48 hours on a journey of 160 miles. Nine oE. the sheep were dead, and the wonder is that any were aliyc. If such practices are continued when sheep arc- i urn- | ing Northwards railway lru'.k; will prove veritable 'death-traps :I for sheep The Wyclicproof Sdiuol (^ 1-01111(1. Whilst visiting State authorities last week, Mr J. W. Milburn inter viewed Mr G. S. McPherson, Chief Clerk of the Education department, and asked for a -Government grant to wards the cost of erecting a fence round the newly acquired school grouad extension. Acting on Mr MePherson's suggestion an application for assistance was made in writing by Mr Milburn, who was informed that a recommendation would be majlc to the Minister of Education (Vir Living stone) that £16 be granted. An iuti mation has since come to hand that £16 has been granted towards a 'Cyclone' fence. A Peri'ort ot Biec«ss. .Practically nothing has been heard of the Wycheproof t-ecreation Re serve trustees since they met two years ago regarding the Tennis club's removal to the reserve. At the Pr« gress meeting on Monday evening members desired to know if the trustees had gone into recess It; was pointed out that various improvements could be effected on the reserve, and lirt the Government may grant £ for £ asMstance. It was cansidtred that the surface of the ground ceuld how be prepared for the football season by scarifying it and spreading manure over the hard patches. It was stated that the trustees had given such scant grace to those who endeavored to form a Croquet club that the club had been unable to go beyond tha initial stages. It appeared that nothing had been done to fill the vacancy caused by Mr E. J. Windsor's resigna tion, and action seemed stagnant. It is to be hoped that the trustees will, at any rale, provide seats before next spfison sets in for patrons' of the gport. Stcad'8 IteTiciv. stead's Review makes a new de parture this-month, appearing, for the first time, in a picture cover. This illustrates an interesting article on the burning question : ' Which is lord of the sea, Submarine or Dreadnought?' It shows a submarine beneath the water firing a torpedo at the '' Iron Duke.' fhe writer contends that the war has demonstrated that the battle cruiser is mistress of the ocean, but ere long the submarine may wrest that supremacy from her. Mr Stead's ' Catechisms of the War ' have proved so popular that, artcr skipping a few months, he again gives much information in connection' with the war in this way, answering no fewer than sixty questions about the number of battleships added to the navies of the combatants, about the way in which America is' helping the Allies with munitions of war, about the pay of soldiers, about Persia, Cyprus, Eqypt, and many other things. A notable feature of recent numbers has been Frank H. Simffliid's review of the month's campaign ; a further in stalment is given in the number before us. Wcws in Brief. ' Fair Play,' Kaneira, omits to sign bis name to a letter sent for publica tion, hence its non-appearance, During the week two. volunteers en rolled at the Wycheproof shire office — Ralph Stapleton, who has been in this district for about 12 months, and D.' O'Brien, a stranger t« Wycheproof. They both left for Melbourne during the week. The Shire of Wycheproof has accep ted tenders for work as follows: — Forming 47^ chains south of Wychc proot railway stttion, E. Anderson at £21 ys 6dj grubbing 341 chains west cf weir, C. Frost £42 5s 6d; grubbing 95 chains near Allan's, C Frost £17. At the Wycheproof Progress Asso ciation meeting on Moaday evening. Mr N. McDonald pointed out the expense incurred in cleaning out tho. Avoca channel near Creclman's: In order to flow across Tyrrell Creek llje channel is taken nearly one mile iioi^th and south and is exposed to sand drifts. It was contended that' the AValer Commission would show a saving if the water could be taken across the creek in pipes er a £ucie. . - T - L ? — 111^^^^-— „ . ™n- mm 1 ^— ? 1 ? ???!? The Wycheproof Rifle CluW hat ap plied to M.r P. Farther, secretary of the Vietoriu Rifle Asiaciation, .to officially opvnth* new range. v A. Dramatic «M*r.r f»r ., Women, It is most refreshing to find a maga zine nowadays that is not war from cover to cover. Such a magazine is '? Everylady's Journal ' for February. Having treated its readers to a series of extremely interesting and upto date special war numbers, thia spright ly journal contents itself with a page of human incidents from the battle fielde, and then produces a big bud get of reading matter, bearing strongly on home interests — and romance. The leading feature, in ' Everylady's Journal' is the first instalment of a new. serial by one of the mnst popular of living women, writers — Mary Roberts Rinehart. Every1 practical woman will want this ' Ererylady's Journal ' for February for its well filled section devoted to fashions (with the usual free paper patterns), an illustrated article on '? How to Make Vegetables and Poultry Pay ;''* 'an- other on ' The Art of Making Money Out of Silkworms ; ' and a third ex plaining ho\r to put tha housewife's business on a sound financial footing.' Vernonali A large number of the friends of M.r Rugby Larmour, who ha* been ap pointed to the postal staff at Onyen, met and entertained him at the A.N.A. hall on Saturday evening. Musical items, etc, were rendered, Miss E. Croll accomnanvine at the Diano. after which Mr W- P. Croll made the presentation of a leather case and brushes to the guest, whom he eulogised and wished' success on be halt of those present. Soft drinks and light refreshments victc served, and the gathering broke up' atter a dance and singing ' Auld Lang Syne.' '1 lie London College book prize entitled 'Life of Bach,' won by Miss Alice .Nieholion, Berriwillock, for highest aggregate (theory te»t) a'. Bdndigo' and Wycheproof centres, in Juno 1914, ban jmt come to hand, thus making the third time iU dis tinction haa been gained by this par ticular pupil of Misn D. A. Smith, I, L CM., of Wycbcproof. Mr F. H- Tucker h;w been ap pointed dolegate of the local I.O.R. to attend the annual conference at Warinambool, commencing on 6th March. To Command h. JtroMCion; The International. Correspondence Scnoel has earned a. .yr»rld-wide repu tation for its ? methods of imparting knowledge to thousands of students by correspondence. N«t only do the examination reaults speak far them selves, but the appointments, secured by students of this college in Tarious professions and trades en*ag;e the serious consideration of parents and those who are striving for improve ment in positions. In our advertis ing columns appears a list of nearly 100 positions for which students can qualify. This school will answer the question, 'What -will we do with our' boys?' Mr C. T. White, .of Cleve land House, Caetlmnaine, is the dis trict reprstentatire, and will sapjsly full . particulars if written to. The student in the country has an equal opportunity .with his eityceusin. Public X«ti«e§. At the Sea Lake hall next Wednes day a number of Crown t«wnship allotments at Nandily and Mananga tang will be offered for gale by public auction. Particulars are adver tised. Cr W. Allan, having drawn fete at tention of the Minister of Water Sup ply ta the fact that th« Water Com mission's valuation had. been increaied and would be oppressive, has convened a meeting t« protest against the action of the Commi«i«nars. The meeting will be held- in the Narraport State School next Thursday (February 25th).' Particulars of a cheap railway ex cursion from Wyoheproof, next Tues day, are advertised in this issue. Wycliepro«f District Wo*l« Last year's woo! clip fram Trewin Bros' estate gives proof conclus ive, that even in a drought year, when sheep had to feed on thistles, that Wychepr«of is one of the best of grazing districts, and can show record results. Dennys, Lascelles Lid, at Geelong wool sales, offered 38 bales of the 'Parkvale' clip, taken frem merino ewes in lamb. The weal was sold at the following rates : — 6 bales (super) 2o#d per lb, 11 bales njjid, 7 bales' 1 7.£d, 9 balee i6d, 3 bales (bellies) 103d, 2 bales (pieces) 9-^d. These prices are easily a record for the Northern districts in a drought year — if not in ordinary seasons, and constitute a splendid advertisement for Wycheproof as a wool-growing centre Mr Wrag-ra'M Forecast Mr Clement Wragge has computed a forecast for the seasons of Australia £»r the next 15 years, based mainly on the. physical conditions of the sun with re spect ? to ? ' its- maxima and minima moods moving in circles, of zz years. During.parfof the year, we are, now entering upon, Mr Wragge says, taking Australia ai a whole, the rain - tall will fall below the average. Tkia by no means impliei that there will bo no rain. On the contrary, .good intervening rains will come, and the last part of the year will be hetter fehan the first. From the Middle «f 19 15 onwards the rainfall will marked ly increase, and fro» 15:6 te 1920 inclusive trie seasons will be distinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After 1920- the rainfall will steadily begin to fall off, and the-, worst part of. the- next year .'tinder ' average' peKo'd will be.- called a..^rc.aght.! ..In 1925 matters will fc^git 45 .;a»pr_eve, and goid scasoci will prevail £ r$ai 1925 to 19J5. Tlie Liquor Trafl^c, At the fortnightly meeting of the local I.O.R., held on Monday evening, itwatreportod that Sundaj trading in connection with certain hotels was growing, and on tho vote of the meet ing it w£» reiolved . that a deputation wait on 'S»niof-Oouftt»bl» Connelly, ?with a view o£ action Mnf tak«n. The' 'deputation was. farcrablj' re ceived and -p:ortis?d that th9 . ley? ^ould'be ' strictly ecforciij &nd, .'if nesweur^ &6SI&Q V&33 1£*&. -?'?^?'????i 1 '--?u'' '-!- *'?' - -?'- -..'.vv Ijcnt Ncason. - Lent began on Ash Wednesday this week, when the Roman Cathelic regulations for the Lenten season came into force. In the particular circumstances caused by the war and the drought, Archbishop Carr has granted certain dispensations which did not obtain in past years. They relate principally to the use of butter and milk on days on which they 3-ave heen absolutely forbidden in the past. Otherwise, the regulations are as in former years.  SMOKE NIGHT. A considerable gathering took place at the Town Hall on Saturday night last which, whilst an undoubted suc- cess, evolved some rather unexpected features for those not in "the know." Ostensibly invitations were issued by Capt. R. J. Lewis, captaini, by direc- tion of the committee, to the "first quarterly meeting and smoke night of the Darwin Rifle Club and Cable Guard." As a matter of fact, whilst retaining all the main characteristics of a smoke night, the gathering re- solved itself in great measure into a farewell demonstration in honor of H.E. the Administrator on the eve of his departure on a flying visit south. There was quite a long list of toasts and due responses, some excellent speeches were delivered, and some miserable pressmen who had come quite unprepared for such an ebulli- tion of eloquence, were placed in the tantalising situation of listening to a stream of interesting "copy" flowing past them without the power to catch and retain more than a few odd phrases in treacherous memories. The hall was nicely decorated with bunting, and quite a military air was given to the scene by the number of khaki clad figures of members of the cable guard present. Tables laden with a bounteous supply of light re- freshment, ranging from cheese to sweets and from aerated waters to "mountain dew," were scattered about over the floor of the hall. At a lar- ger table at the top end of the hall near the stage, were to be seen H E. the Administrator and his private secretary, Judge Bevan, the captain and vice-captain of the cable guard, various heads of departments, the Chairman and members of the Dis- trict Council, the President of the the N.T. Progress Association, some representatives of leading European business firms, and other guest. To attempt anything like a detailed re- port of the proceedings would occupy columns of cold type. The toast list are a fairly long one, and sandwiched in between the speeches were several capital songs and some excellently, Tendered recitations; and the Town Hall piano grew quite hilarious at times under the attistic touch of a musical magician who apparently was capable of playing almost anything at sight or from memory Incidentally during the evening the ceremony of presenting Privates Pott and White- ford, of the Cable Guard, with a gold and silver medal respectively, won during the past season's shooting, was carried out by His Excellency The toast list was opened by the loyal "The King." Then Judge Bevan proposed "The Northern Ter- ritory," coupled with the name of H.E. the Administrator. He dwelt upon the settlement's vastness, its infinite possibilities, and the danger, -as an outpost of Australia, of its pre- sent undeveloped and unsettled con- dition; on the difficulties which lay in the pathway of development and settlement; on the necessity for cour- age, patriotism, and an ungrudging obedience and devotion to duty. To build up this settlement and to make strong that which was now weak, was a great task and a grand opportunity for' the exercise of all that was best in each individual taking part in it. They might not be able to see clearly !how it was to be done, but they could best help the policy of progress,' whatever it might be, by cheerful obedience and by refraining from cap- tious criticisms. "Their's not the reason why - their's but to do and die"-if need be. It was an absolute' essential to success in any undertak- ing that there should be an unstinted loyalty to the chief. Even where differences of opinion existed, they should not question the authority but give a wholesouled and loyal obedi- ence to the commands laid upon them. Dr. Gilruth, in responding to the above toast, sketched briefly what he termed the fortuitious beginnings of .colonisation and settlement in Aus- tralia at Botany Bay and other places. The prosperity of to-day in the more temperate parts of Australia had only been rendered possible by large ex- penditures of money, and if a large expenditure had been needed in a small State like Victoria, for example, they could understand that to settle and develop this vast territory an enormous expenditure would neces- sarily be required. The picture always associated in his mind in thinking of this Territory was that of the Malayan Archipelago, with its teeming millions, stretching down to within a few hours sail of Darwin; and beyond that were the vast popu- lations,of the near East. When thev ¡regarded that picture attentively, they could better grasp the urgency of the need for settling a strong white population on this northern coast. There .were difficulties in the way There was need for courage and a spirit of patriotic self-sacrifice. For the first time in the history of the British Empire an attempt was being ¡made to settle a tropical country, with white people. Even in tropical North Queensland they had had the Kanaka to lay the foundations of the sugar industry. If cheap labour was admitted the task of developing this Territory might be made easier doubtless would be made easier. But the White Australia ideal had to be carried out. That was the national policy. The speaker went on to pay a tribute to the brave work that had already been done here by the pion- &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; eers, out back ; and to the work done by South Australia. Although she had had her hands full with her own vast territory, she had always been &nbsp; doing something or trying to do something to develop the Territory. Personally he had no time for those pessimists who were ever bewailing the impossibility of the white man doing anything in competition with the coloured man. There was a task to do and it could only be carried out by courageous patriotic efforts. The result of the present attempt lay in the lap of the future; but if Aus- tralia failed to carry out the task there were other countries ready and eager to seize the opportunity. There was no use in any man coming here unless he came imbued with the de- termination to succeed. After 12 months spent in the Territory, and after travelling over a good portion of &nbsp; it, he was more firmly convinced than ever that there was nothing either in its climate or in the quality of its soil to prevent white settlements being successfully established here. But it was all to do. They could not drive more than five miles outside of that Town Hall that evening for lack of roads. But this was the front door of Australia facing the teeming East, and its settlement and development was a vital necessity. He firmly be lieved the country was capable of sustaining a large white population. It might not be in his time or in the time of any of those present, but he was confident the Territory would yet become one of the leading coun- tries of the Australian Commonwealth and in the British Empire, and if he had not that faith he would abandon the place to-morrow. Among several other toasts was that of "The Visitors" proposed by Mr. McClennan and responded to by Mr. W. J. Barnes; the "DarwinRifle Club and Cable Guard," proposed by Mr. P. Kelsey; and "H.E. the Ad- ministrator," proposed by Capt. Lewis. In responding to this toast Dr Gilruth remarked: I thank you very much indeed for the wey in which you have drank my health. I would rather be going into the bush than taking my present journey; but I hope to return as fast as the steamer will fetch me. I will not deny that we have not always seen eye to eye I notice that several of my critics are present here this evening I do not imagine for one moment that my point of view will appeal to every- body. I quite recognise the fact that there are other people who are just as single minded as I am I do not think that I possess the whole of the wisdom of the Territory. But let me say there is nothing I love better than a good opponent and a good &nbsp; fight. I hate things to go along too smoothly; and I don't think it is good that they should do so I like to see the community taking an ac- tive interest in the work that is going forward. But where theie are two or more people who disagree there must be some one to decide, and under the conditions I am the one who has got to decide and to do that whirtr-seems in my eyes to be right and in the best interests of the country. WEDNESDArS SPECIAL WIRE. Copper £64 17s. fid. Tin{£2i2 los. ' ' Souths con , £7, Junction Norths, us. 6d. Clement Wragge, the notable meteorologist, who is at present de- livering a series of lectures in Adel- aide (and other southern capitals) for hire., said in his lecture here on Sun- day night, that a cyclonic disturbace he names "Pluto" will arrive very shortly, bringing with it a serious renewal of the recent bad weather. In Adelaide throughout the whole of yesterday an old-time "brickfiel- der" prevailed, bringing clouds of suffocating dust. The whole city was involved in a tthick cloud of dust that almost shut out the light of the sun and penetrated everywhere. The trains were delayed as a result of} the "thickness." The drift of impal- pable atoms even extended far out into the bay, causing at least one ac- cident. The steamer Dorset ran on to the ground near the Semaphore Jetty, but as she was going dead slow little damage was done and she was refloated shortly afterwards.  THE WEEK AT A GLANCE. LOCAL AND GENERAL. THURSDAY, January 22. The Otway, which left London on December 19, has on board 40 Govern-&lt;*> ment immigrants for Queensland, and the limerick, which sailed from London on December 17, is carrying 307. As a result of a deputation that wait* ed on the Treasurer yesterday, it ia probable that facilities will be provided for the Enoggera Shire Council to acquire an area of 24 acres as a recrea* tion reserve. The WaHaroo Waterside Workers yes terday decided to return to work to morrow conditionally on a conference of employers and union representatives being; field in Adelaide on Tuesday. Waterside workers at Port Pirie yesteft day declined to work on the steamer Jessio Darling, which should have been discharg ed at Wallaroo. The strike of Sydney wharf labourers against working overtime was settled at a mass meeting last might, When it was decided by an overwhelming majority that^prk should be continued as usual. DafleaGe amounting to thousands of pounds was caused by a fire at Perth early yesterday morning, the places affected being the timber factory and offices of Messrs. Bunning Bros., several cottages, St. John's Ohurch of England, and a network of telephone and power cables. There are indicati&lt;ap? tfhat the wheat ■Wpping trouble in Sydney may be satis factorily overcome, as settlements hive been effected in several wheat districts. Although Sydney is now apparently free •f smallpox four cases of a mild type have been discovered at Singleton. Raisuli won the Park Handicap at tho Jfedron Park races yesterday. Hdic Lad was second and New Empire third. ' The work of preparing for next session U well in hand. Bills are being prepared ■ow, and the work will not be found in arrears. An important step in the history of education in Queensland la : being taken shortly, the new training college for feathers wUI be opened. The H'Keen motor cars employed by the Railway Department are now running Mgularly between South Brisbane and Bunnybaak and Oorinda, and between Manly and Cleveland. ; . The difficulty that cropped up between the Education Department and the trus tees of the Brisbane Grammar School may be said to have been settled for the present. Th« steamer Carpentaria, which has reag?L,Brisbane, has brought six head el jfrsejr cattle for Queensland owners. These cattle were selected in the island •i Jersey through the Agent-General's office. The Roma grape crop is now being marketed, and, although it is not so bis as last year, the quality is up %t the high standard of former years. The results of the recent examination tor State school scholarships will not be issued until the end of next week. A competitive examination is to be held at the end of the month for femalt typists for the public service. The late University Junior examination was the first occasion on which the re cently-established State high schools en tered candidates, and satisfactory re sults have been obtained. Considerable interest was created at Goomeri recently by the arrival of a •pedal train conveying a German settlers' group, comprising 24 families. The members of the group had purchased over 8000 acres of the Boonara Estate at a cost of about £12,000. Patrick Doyle, aged 23 years, working at the railway sawmill at Paget Junc tion, Mackay, was seriously injured through a wedge becoming embedded in his bead to a depth of Sin. Mr. W. J. Risley, sen., of Pinbarren Creek, Gympie, aged G8 years, has died at bis residence. The deceased formed tbe Risley group that took up land on the Kin Kin about eight years ago. Information has been received that the 8.1. and Q.A. Co.'s new tug Coringa has been launched from tbe yard of William Denny and Bros., Dumbarton, and is due to &jtf£« in Brisbane about Easter. "jflKourier' Reader" has forwarded a donation of £20 .for the Women's Resi dential College. A report furnished to the Premier of New South Wales shows that daring the past three years the number of oversea immigrants was 13,586, and of these 34 are being treated for consumption and 40 for insanity. There are indications that the wheat shipping trouble in New. South, Wales may be satisfactorily overcome. Negotiations which have been going on on behalf of the Melbourne Cricket Club and the Victorian Cricket Association have resulted in an agreement being ar rived at. In the Victorian Legislative Assembly the Premier moved tbe discharge* of 26 Bills from the business paper, remarking that the Government thought it inad visable to proceed with them this eeaflon. A Japanese named Cohara shot hi* wifo at Ingham and then set fire X.6 the house.' Both bodies were burnt beyond recognition when recovered from the de bris. •■ . " At the Sydney Quarter Sessions a young man named F. 8. Wallace Taylor pleaded guilty to 16 charges of breaking into and stealing from suburban dwellings. JMaize has been extensively planted over MpCloyna and Windera districts, the TRson at present being most favourable lor that crop. Redwater has again broken oat In ■er* cral herds in the Rosevale district, FBJDAY, January 2& It is expected that 4000 bags of potatoes from the South will be landed in Brisbane to-day. The body of Albert Home, who was wanted by the police in connection with the Lutwyche morder, was found in Breakfast Greek, near Heraton, yesterday, the throat [having been cut almost from ear to ear. No bullet wounds were found. Annette Pabner, aged 18 years, resid ing with her parents at Bulimba, is sup po6cd to have committed suicide on Wed nesday night by drowning herself in the Brisbane River,, near the Hawthorne Ferry. Brookes, Wilding, Dunlop, and S. N. Do list have been chosen as tfhe Australa* sian team for the Davis Oup contests. The Bundaberg Ambulance Brigade's new two-etory brick building, erected at a cost of £3400, was opened free of debt yesterday, the ceremony being performed by the Hon. John White (Minister for Agriculture), | At a meeting in Tovrmville last evening :t was proposed to endeavour to ralae sufficient money to establish a meteoro logical station for North Queensland dur ing the cyclone months, and engage Mr. Clement L. Wnagge. - Preliminary steps were taken yesterday towards sending an Australian rifle team to tfte Bjsley meeting this year. Queens land will have two representatives in the team- Since be announced his scheme or ready made farms the Minister for Lands has received numerous letters containing sug gestions and criticisms. The Minister for Lands expects to be able to leave Brisbane for western Aus tralia on February 4. Municipal matters in Dalby are very much mixed at the present time, and some interesting minutes have been made during his first few days of office by the new mayor. In the Mackay Police Court three milk vendors were charged with having added water to their milk, three bakers with; having sold short-weight bread and three publicans with having adulterated liquor. ~ Each was fined- £3 with costs. New regulations have b«en made tn connection with what is called the "is land fond" dfider the Protection of Abort Iginals Act. Minnie Thomas, a triarrfex! woman, was brutally assaulted whilst travelling by the last train from Perth to Fremantle, as a result of which she now lies in the Fremantle Hospital in a serious condi tion. * Mr. S. Donahoo, a well-known interna tional cricketer of former days, who has been in Queensland for mary years, is at present an inmate of a private hos pital in Melbourne. The Melbourne Harbour Trust Intends to borrow considerably over £1,000,000 in order that it may be in a position to meet the financial obligations of the near future. Two Loan Bills have been Introduced into the Victorian Legislative Assem bly The first is to provide £2,250, -000 by a loan in London for railway works and rolling stock, ar.d the second to raise £1.500,000 by a local loan for tramways, Ac. The torpedo boat Countess of Hope toon was disabled near Half Moon Bay, Victoria, where she had been manoeuv ring. She was taken in tow by a tag and brought to Williamstown. The Royal Commission on Transconti nental railway sleeper contracts is tak ing evidence in Hobart. The Prime Minister (Hon. J. Cook) states that the question of the Savings Banks, State debts, Murray waters, and uniform gauge will be among the sub jects to come before the (Premiers' Con ference. Three plain clothes constables in Mel bourne have been ordered back into uni form for having made a false statement about a woman who was charged witb vagrancy. This means a loss of 1/ per day extra pay to the men. Satisfactory progress is reported njltu the carnival arrangements at Too wooraba, and tbe various committees are busily engaged in preparing the general programme. The cane put through the rollers at Baffle Creek tor the season was Just under 4200 tons. Dr. F. O. Wooster, medical officer at Mount Chalmers, has been appointed medical superintendent of the Roekhamp* ton Hospital. A deputation waited on tbe acting De puty Postma?ter-General, and made 'sev eral requests with regard to the North ern telegraphic services. One of the re quests was that the wireless station be granted tor the transmission of messages when unusual interruptiocs occurred. This- request was granted. Captain A. Gordon Smith, at present officer commanding H.M.A.S. Encounter, now at Hobart, has been appointed act ing second member of tbe Naval Board. Thomas Clarence, aged 65, died sud denly at Goondiwindl while riding m a sulky with two other men. Tbe new session of the Queensland Ag ricultural College at Gatton ha? been formally opened.' SATURDAY, January 24. Mr. A. B. Heath, chief chemist at tfeo Bjngera Sugar Mill, was accidentally struck by.a belt yesterday, and sustained a compound fracture of the skull. No hopes are hekl out of his recovery. A report was received at Maryborough yesterday stating that a passenger named Buckley died in the Brisbane-Rockhamp* ton mail traitt after it had passed Glad* ■tone* Damage to the extent of £5000 was caused by a fire yesterday at a building in Sydney, occupied by Lewis and Whit ty and F. A. Winter. The Sheffield Shield match, New South Wales v. Victoria, was commenced in Syd ney yesterday, the home team scoring 430 for the loss of three wickets, Macartney being 184 not out. At the Sydney Quarter Sessions yester day Frank Stanley Wallace Taylor, aged 20 years, who had pleaded guilty to Id charges of breaking and entering, was sentenced to 10 years' penal servitude. A ship owner stated yesterday that the waterside workers' demands represented an increase totalling over £600,000 a year. Returns of income for the year 1913 are due by the end of this month, and a penalty is attached to failure to return a schedule within the time fixed by the Act. Mr. H. G. Watson, who spent many years in California, and a shorter time in Tahiti, has arrived in Queensland with the object of inquiring into -the possibil ity of securing land to plant cocoanuts. The Colonial Sugar Refining Company's Childers mill has finished crushing after a run of over seven months, having put through for the season 128,163 tons of •cane, which is a record for the mill. In the Glebe Police Court. Sydney, C. E. Tyers, charged with having malicious ly shot at Lillian Haddrell with intent to do grievous bodily barm, was found not guilty and discharged. In the Sydney Water Police Court P. Sutton, alias Host, was committed for trial on a charge of having stolen £900 belonging to the National Bank of Australasia. Sutton said that he bad spent the £900 on racing in Sydney and Melbourne in about a month. Mr. N. G. Bell, Engineer in Chief of the Queensland Railways, gave evidence before the Royal Commission in Hobart, Tasmania, regarding powelllsed timber. On the Short-street wharf a case sup posed to contain revolvers was opened in the presence of Customs officials and the contents found to be bricks, pieces of rag, and American newspapers. The Premiers' Conference, at which-the Commonwealth and all the States will be represented, will probably be held in Sydney late in March. Speaking at a well attended meeting of cane growers of Marburg and the sur rounding districts, Mr. W. C. Bachmann Baid that compared with msise the sugar industry was much cheaper and more re liable as well as profitable. In connection with the proposed meteor ological station in the north a cable gram has been received from Mr. Clement Wragge by the Townsville committee, stating that it was impossible for him to take up his residence there this sea son, but he was offering to telegraph warnings at five guineas weekly from February 11. In order to assist the Commonwealth Council of Rifle Associations in enter taining members of the British and other teams which will visit Australia to take part in the Empire Rifle Match, the Com monwealth has granted £500. Mrs. West, mother of Miss Mona West, whose mysterious disappearance a short time ago attracted much attention, has died. The sleeper getters at Clermont, who were in receipt of 3/ per block, de manded an increase, and the engineer conceded an increase of 4d. per block, but the men were dissatisfied with this, and the engineer said the mill would be closed. Arrangements are being made for an aerial Derby in Sydney next month, and there will be four men competing—A. B-. Stone (of America), A. W. Jones (Queens land), F. Hammond (New Zealand), and Captain Penfold (Australia). A conference of delegates representing the Olympic Councils of Australia and New Zealand was held in Melbourne, and it was decided to form a. national or ganisation to be called the Olympic Fed eration of Australia and New Zealand. MONDAY, January 28. The Commissioner for Railways (Mr, C. Evans, C.M.G.) returned from Sydney on Saturday. While in the South he dis cussed with the New Sooth Wales De puty Chief ConunissiQner for Railways ft number of matters of interest to the two States* After a week's search, the girl Steven* who disappeared from Kelscy Creek with a man, !has been discovered near Bowes^ but the man is stiQ at large. Harry Coles, 73 years of age, was found drowned on Saturday in a water' hole at Blenheim, in the Laidley district. Arthur Bill Clarke, a sharebroker at Cairns, left ion Friday nigfct to pull across Cairns inlet in a flattie, and has not since been seen. At the Australian swimming dhampion tMp carnival in Brisbane on Saturday A. W. Barry (N.S.W.) won the 100 yds. dham pdonship by inches from Longwortii (N.S.W.), with Finlay (W.A.) third. The 1320 yds. Chaannicpdhip resulted: W. Long worth 1, S. Springfield (Q.), 2, J. W. Sanndew (Q.) 3. In the A Grade cricket matches on Satur day Toowong scored 58 against South Brisbane, who made 225 for seven wickets. Valley made ISO against University, wjhbse Bcores were 49 and none for 35. Woodloonsjabba compiled 288, North Brisbane lost. one- wicket for 36, while Nundah made 174 against Toombnl'g five for 55. . Tth 10-Footers* Interstate Sb'ngey Oham pionship on Saturday was won by Coni monVeaitb (Q), with Irene second, and Myra third Tlhe li-Footers' Interstate Handicap was won by Carina. At the Albion Park races on Saturday the Park Plate fell to Palmer Rush, and thto Park Purse to Favour. In the Sheffield Shield cricket match between New South Wales and Victoria the first innings of New South Wales closed for 675 (Macartney 201), and Vic toria lost three wickets for 49. In the colts' cricket match between N.S. Wades and Victoria .it Melbourne, the visitors made 514 in their first innings and Victoria lost five -wickets for 268. In the match for the welterweight bor. int? championship at Melbourne on Satur day, MCormick won from Holberg on a foul. The Australian 18-foot Yachtinar Cham pionship, sailed on the Swan River on Saturday, was won by Australian (N.S.W.). Vanity (Q.) was second. T-ao Australasian amateur athletic chaimipianshiip meeting commenced in Mel bourne on Saturday. At the end of the day the points were :—V:otoria, 3 wine; New Zealand, New South Wales, and Queensland. 1 win each. In a boxing comteat in Sydney on Sat urday Miftmrn Saylor knocked out Huglrie Mehegan in the eleventh round. Mr. Dan O'Connor, for years a conr epicuoua politician in New South Wales, died in the Liverpool As/him on Satur day. A Chinese gardener, wno was returning to hw home at Ashfield, near Sydney, on Saturday afternoon, wafei robbed by a highwayman, who also wounded him with a revolver shot. Owing to the capsize of a boat three men were drowned yesterday in Botany Bay. Extensive improvements are to be made to the Melbourne-street station to cope with the Increasing traffic. The cable message announcing that Archbishop Donaldson, of Brisbane, had been appointed Bishop of the new dio cese of Ohelmsford, has been declared to be groundless. The Acting-Premier, who has returned to Brisbane from Rockbampton, said that it was proposed to erect a r«w Savings Bank building in Rocknampton as the present premises were not suffi ciently commodious. The new State school at Wooloowin, for mWch tenders have been called, will be of brick, in two wings, each wing having two class rooms, each 29ft. by 2oft. Gin. The weather conditions were ideal in connection with the stump-capping. eere> mony in connection with the Yarraman Methodist Church, which took place on Saturday. A letter has been received by the Townsville Harbour Board from the Treasury stating that a Bill will be in troduced in Parliament next session to extend the borrowing powers of the board. A deputation waited on Mr. W. A. Gibson (owner of the Marburg Sugar Mill), and after some discussion a satis factory settlement was arrived at, and 58 cane growers expressed their willing- Bess to sign an agreement to guarantee cane. At the monthly meeting of the Cairrs Ohamber of Commerce a letter was re ceived from the Postmaster-General's De partment stating that the inconvenience experienced through telegraphic delays in the North would have serious considera tion. It was decided to advocate a wire* less station for Cairns. According to the ideas of some of the members the Fruit Commission has not yet finished its labours. The Fiime Minister considers, however, that the Commission's work is practicaly dose. The Right Rev. John Carroll, Roman Catholic Bishop of Lismore, on the eve of his departure on his first episcopal visit to Rome was presented with an il luminated address on behalf of the parishioners, and also an address on be half of the local branches of the Hiber nian Bociety. ' Queensland is not to be included in the itinerary of the Powellising Commission because it is stated they would not gain any additional information. The police do not believe that the com mercial traveller, A. B. Mylne, was drowned at El wood, Victoria, and it is asserted that the missing man has de camped, and a warrant for his arrest has been issued. The wheat trucked from the Clifton Station for the months of November and December, 1913, was 7772 and 18,806 tons respectively. The prospects of the district are much brighter since the re cent rain. The orange crop in the Maryborough District during the coming season prom ises to be very fair. There are evidences of some of the orange crop being affected by the Maori disease to some extent. A very large area of the scrub land in the Clontarf and Rocky Creek portion of the Milmerran district has been planted with maize. TUESDAY, Jajaiarr 27. Frederick Jackson, aged about SO years, was thrown from a horse on Saturday evening/ «ad sustained fatal injuries. Mr. A. B. Heath, principal chemist «t Bingefa sugar mill, died at midnight on bunday from injuries received by being struck with a shredder belt ja the ilifi on Friday morning. The auxiliary sdbooner Federal, owned by the Timor Plantations, limited, Sydney, was burned to the water's edge aa Friday night while anchored south of the Turtle Group. The captain and crew succeeded in reaching the Cape Bedford xuiaaicn staiaov The Southern Downs rifle meeting **& continued at Warwick yesterday, when T. R. Kennedy won the Southern Down* aggregate, with, F. Anderson second. The Amity Cup race was sailod in More* ton Bay yesterday, and was won by Nara. Vedoma waa second and Carissima third* The 440 yds. Swimming Championship of Australia, contested in Bri&bone last evening, was won by W. Lomgworth iN&.W.), .S. Springfield (Q.) defeating C. Healy (N.S.VV.) for second place. The 220 yds. Breast Stroke Championship of Ausuraftia waa won by E. G. Finlay (W.A.), whose time (3.10) constituted & new Australian record. T. V. Dowzer (Rotteharaptan) won the 100 yds Couwtry Championship. Speaking at the A.N.A. luncheon 11S Melbourne yesterday his Excellency thd Governor-General announced that lie had resigned bis appointment, and would bo returning to England this year. At the A.J.G. racC? yesterday th«. Anniversary Handicap was won by Kil? meadan. Former was second, and Jiana* 'Ifoo Wind bWrd. The Foundation Cup, run at tihf Wiibamstown races yesterday, resulted :l Gtladwyn 1, Monodia 2, Wingnrora 3. As a result of the Au?traiasi.au ;unateup fttMctio championships, Victoria wins £h? fibicld with six points, and New South The death has occurred in Brisbane of the Hon. Alexander Rail, M.L.C., at the ripe old age of 93 years. Steps are to be taken immediately for the resumption of the land required fox tbe extension of the accommodation at the Melbourne-street railway station. Speaking with regard to consumptive immigrants, the Acting Premier, (Mr. Barnes) said that he did not think that many consumptives were coming to Queensland under the system of medical inspection insisted upon. Frederick Jackson, a married man, 50 years of age, was killed In Mackensie street, Wondai, through bis horse rear* lag and throwing him to the ground. A man arrested in an emporium iO Sydney on a charge of burglary was found to have a revolver in his posses sion, and to be wearing a couple of suits, several undershirts, several pair* of socks, and two bathing costumes. The annual meeting of the Presbyterian Sabbath School Union was held in the Ann-street Church Hall, when the annual report was presented, which pointed to a successful year. A local medical man, resident here tor about 20 years, has called on the. Acting Premier at the Chief Secretary's. Department, and said that he had found what he believed was an absolute cure for consumption. Mr. A. H. Clarke, the missing share broker, was found by a search party at Double Island Hotel. Mr. Clarke had • sensational adventure, being carried oat to sea from Cairns in a rowing boat. Complaints have been recently made la Brisbane of the very poor quality of a great deal of the fruit forwarded frox*. Stanthorpe this season, and it is stated that tbe cause is the comparatively long dry spell which has extended from the one of blossoming op to the present. At the annual meeting of the Rose wood Agricultural and Horticultural As* sodation tbe balance-sheet showed tfcat the association had had a very success ful year. The Brisbane Concert Band came third ■ in the Australian Championship Band Contest In Sydney. The Acting Premier, who has returned from a visit to the Central district, said that he found in Rockharspton tkut the accommodation for the State depart ments was totally inadequate, and the erection of new buildings would be ex pedited. Another conference Is to take place be tween representatives of the employers and employees in the shipping industrf over the demands of the Waterside Kcrk* era' Federation. The annual conference of the Political Labour League has been opened in Syd ney, and there were 200 delegates pres ent. It was decided not to admit tbe daily Press reporters. Mr. George Fox, M.L.A., died at hit residence at Yeronga at tbo age of 7H years. The 42nd half-yearly report of tbe Pioneer Dairy Co., N.8.W., shows that for the six months ended December, 41q tons of butter manufactured. ■= Rain has interfered with the threshinft machines at Maryvale. One machine has been called In, and very little work It left for the others. The Departnrat of Agriculture htjr placed some cases of grapes and other fruits in season in cold stores. Besides having an experimental sMe, the fruit will be utilised from time to time to make up part of the department's ex hibit at the various shows *in the couh try. A wharf labourer at Brisbane was fined £20 or six months' imprisonment on • charge of pilfering cargo. m WEDNESDAY, January 28. The Salvation Army Home at Taring* wae totally destroyed by fire yesterday morning about 3.30, and three persona !o«t their livea—Connie Denver (who was. Ktamed to death), and Christina Marzol and Miss Halburn .(who succumbed to n. junics received by jumping from the upper balcony to escape from the ffames). Seven, other -women were injured. One of the zumaitoH, aged 26 yearn, has been arrcstted .. On a charge of murder. Henry Terns HopgooA was committed for tnal in the Central Police Court yes* terday on a charge of having wilfully ttrurderdd j?ridgeft, |Mfcry If* {wife, alt Marine, during itihe njght of Uaauuaay 17. The Training College for Teachers was Bj>ened yesterday. _A fire occurred at Tentcrfield yester^ day morning, and destroyed four build ttga in the main street. The interstate cricket match between New South Walev and Victoria was cou tinued in Sydney yesterday, the visitors in their second innings making 209 for the 4ms of eight wickets. , H. Hawker gave a fine exhibition of fly iny in Melbourne yesterduy, attaining a heipht of 5000 ft. ' , W. Honey, a cabman at Cairns, was crowned in a lagoon when mustering corses on Monday. The first series of school papers for 0.914 has been issued, coincident with the opening of the schools. The details of the celebration of the gabitee of the Railway Department have not yet been decided, but the (unction to mark the occasion, when there will be a gathering of railway men, will take place in the Exhibition Hall on Febru ary 25. The German residents of Brisbane and tte surrounding districts gathered to celebrate the birthday of the German Em- PWpr by a concert in the grounds of St. Andreas' Church. Wiokham-terrace. JDb Grace Archbishop Duhfcg arrived In Roma on Saturday morning, and on Sun day afternoon dedicated the new Con sent School just being built. The Minister for Railways is leaving Brisbane on Sunday night to perform we ceremonj of opening the railway Irom Gayndah to Munduttbera. A new guard's van, 50ft. long, for longdistance trains, has been built at We Ipswich Railway Workshops, as the outcome of a suggestion by Guard C. S&T; T, he VBn. ia to *• Pl**** on ex- Wbitfon in Market Square on the occa stton of the railway jubilee. A young man named James Vernon and Oeorge Argent, it Is reported, had a XX^Si a^ Breeza ' NSW' Vernon, it is th3?h ♦?* v *fj olver acd Bhot Ar««nk tarough the shoulder and then blew hla Drains out. JStLfT^" f f New South *•>«• *« written to the Acting Premier of Qneen?- Jjnd suggesting that the conference of Fwmiers be held in April or May. CTatmania. has come to an end. the Un&lt;A type operators going back at the orig nal rate for six months, with an ad- Tance of id. per 1000 afterwards. The 76th anniversary of the Hobart W«atta was held in bright cool weather, £nd i o every way it was a brilliant suc k^oV^iT 1 ?f lMt WMk «• total num •jr of old a*e pensions paid in the s?~W'^BSsji^ ft sst *•"?«« It v monad ky v,. Dm,-..  The tilimate and Weather of Australia By Olemant Vragge, F.R.OA., fto. (Reproduced by permission to Mr. Wrasse from the Sydney Mail.) Article No. 2. In this— the second article of the series— the writer deals with some of the avoidable causes of drought) and gives much sound advice regard- I ing the effect of afforestation, ringbarlung, water conservation, and irrigation on local climate. He also suggests several important schemes that might be carried out in Australia, sucb as the damming i of certain rivers in New South Wales and Queensland. WE now come lo tbe iubjccts of forest coi strvancj. i ingbarkiiq:, water con servation, si'id i-rigauon in connection with climate A whole volume eiul.i le' written en tlic-se , subi«.cls. The ti-ecs of A 'sir, ilia are oil: or its greatest assets, and it is posiiivfiy heartbreaking ;o a lover of the be in tiful lo see over' vast acres of coun- liy gaunt weird, bleached trunks stretching out their arms to heaven" as if in mute protest against (be whole sale slaughter. Wc fully admit that land must be cleared lor agncul'.ural and1 residential purposes- let there is the right- way anil the wrong way in winch to no it, and the latter largely predominates. FORESTS PP'iV- ERFULI.V AFFECT AND MODIFY CLUMATU, .AND FORM PART OF NATURE'S ECONOMY in the great. Australian land. The fallen leaves form humus for tbe growth of swcit grass, and the roots, by 'binding the soil, prevent disintegration and denu dation by fioiui. In forest lands there should always t.c .grass and food for stock. To ruthlissl.v destroy our trees gui only spell mraster. One cannot disturl the equilibrium of Nature with out being paid out and charged com pound interest on the iransaetinn 111 the long run. Droughts in the past would not have beeit so severe but for the luibless destruction of the trees which render climate more equable and most surely lend to increas; Die rainfall, while keeping the 'soil from being linked by the .sun. Changes of temperature go on more slowly in forest country than in the open. Yet trees must be cut for timber— thai we fully allow— but for every tree cut cown, save in areas paniciilarly pastoral and agricultural, .-mother one shoild be planted, >a-id we regard Ar bor Pays as one of lire greatrs- insti tutions of the country. Take the arid plains of Spain, caused by forest delin eation, and let Australians learn the lesson. Generally semiring, clearing the land and ling-baikine for agri culture. SHOULD BE CARRIED OUP IN THE FORM OF A CIRCLE OIL OVAL, l-avinsr a broad belt of timber on cither sioe, with sheltering clamps hero and "there ill the middle. Pro tection would thus be aS'orded agair.rl the burning winds'lof summer and Die chilly blasts of winter, and th: clumps in the middle would afford .graf-d-il slaac for sheep and eifil'. Yet.. some people never pause to think, never excrctee the diviue faculties of mind; bu' tliey cut, slash, aad destroy as though the trees were the greatest enemies thev bad, instead of genuine friends. IRRIGATION. ft is hiehlv gratifying lo know of tbe splendid" irrigation werk carried- out in the Coulburn Valley, at Ren- mark ana Mildura. and of tr.o-e now under construction by tse New Seeih Wales Government. Woull that it could be continued to all the mriii river districts throughout the country! Water conservation to Australii, pro- vicing against drought tuue, is Sts very ealvatiou, and ALL IEtRlGM'ED lands should have a modified AND GENIAL LOCAL CLIMATE— A NEW CLIMATE, IN FACT, PRO DUCED b; THE ENERGY OF MAN. Let us give one instance ol work tnat sliouid yet be carried out— mere are many such. We mean the dimming of tho Warrego and hD irrigari-jo cf western South Qaeensland. What is now in draught time h burning wil derness, with the ugly black crows cawing the ciige o! i'-ath and disaster, could le converted into a miiature Nile Volley," and Oannamulli w;uid Llo-som as nil Elysian garden in aa irrigated Mesopotamia. Oranges, le mons, olix'5, vines, dates, banana', and many otlu-i luscious fruits could, by irrigation, be grown on too: wes'-rn plains with entire success Very gar- oens of Paradise would adorn the coun try, and an extreme climate would 1-e renaeieo more equable and delight ful. GET UP AND "DAM. The same is true of the Maranoj, Cbnr'amine, Barc>.«o, LaciUun, Darling, and olher districts: and if we were Prime Minister, w: shoali repeal ? law that hampered private entci'pri;:, an i should oiler a sutstanliil fTmu.; to all landholders who would coatii- buto their share towards tile cost of damming all the rivers and miin creeks. By suitable lo ks a ty stein of inland navigation could 1' ; man guratr-d, aDd "Die luscious pro-iuc.- brought down lev fleets of steamers to a harbour at . the "ilurray moiitn. ttience to be desjiatched to the markets of U.c world. This is no Utopia 1 dream; it can beeo.m; a very "reality when A STATESMAN is produced who will force the tiling throigli by lae very iMwer of the .master min i. Th -n the terrors of drought wall have eeared, and man wall have corns to his right ful inheritance. WORK IS LIFE, WOItX IS TRUE. PRAYER. AW.Vv wrrii stupid sufplio ations for BAIN AGAIN WtF, BAV, "GET UP AND DAM1' If Au.-lralia were uiju;r Amerii-au 01 Jaoa-ese rule -sucii irri gation works as. those instanced, ivould have teen done long agi. Irngab.-d lands alter the temperature and va pour tensions, increase hitni'iity, and modify burning -winds; an-l 6dbli, coupled with ti-ee-plantiog and forest conservapce, would render cjntin nital Australia one of ihe mast -harming countiios .if the world. Mors than (his, if a Roosevelt or a Taft were incar nated in this land Lakes Tbrr. n:, Eyre, Gairiner, and Amadeus Wo.il.1 be con nected with toe sea, aid all diffi culties t»f level overcome, as in the case of the Panama Canal. Of course, it wotld mean moiey; b-jt money is only mtans to an end', by the right use of which human life is lejtsrqd, and the money would' lie forthcoming and yield ample results. Then indeed would climate b; in.prwoi, and the arid' wastes or the interior converted into an Eden. Very much more might bo raid about climatology ; lilt this cectioii must now: close. OLK OLIMATOLOCilCAL BELT?. Before proceeding to summarise the work of ordinary forecasting, it might ho well to give a list of tne V> main climatologicaj Belts, regions, or zones, that influence lb? climates of Australia. They .are;— 1 The west ern Ml of Cpe York Peninsula; &lt;?, tbe eastern half of Can: York Pe ninsula; 3, the seaboard betw -.m Ctiok- toivi. and Cleveland Bay; 4, the hills i clween COoktown atv.l the 17th parallj loraeiiag tlie sea.; 5, inland districts of Queensland north from lati'ude 17 cleg. 8, including the plains ot Car pcniaria; 6, the "littoral between _ Gape OlLVciami and ti.e Tropic of -.'apricoru; 7, liiliv districts near the sea between the jiaraliel of Cape Cleveland and tne Tropic: 8, inland" and western dis tricts or Ciu.'iiisl.i.id .south from the 17ik parallel, tliencc to th: Tropi-' ; 9, tne coast strip between Cape Capri- carii and the Clarence River; 10, th: coast hills between the Tropic aria the Clarence, including the Blackall Ran- g'.s : 11, inland .ind western Queens land from tbe Tropic : 12, t!.e .coast stnji letween the Clarence .and Mo- ruva (including Sidney and the Ilia -.Tana) - lo, tiv. New England dis trict ami adjacent features: II, the l.:il coastal zone between New Eng land and Queanbeynn (including inoii - ficalions in the Blue Mountains): 15, the inland districts of New South Wales . 16, the coast Lttwc.ai Moruya and Ctipe llowc; 17, Monaco, Kosciusko, and the alpir.e region; 18, Gippsland; 19, si- land Victoria- 20, the" coast iiclt of wtsiern Victoria; 2l, the north coast of Tasmania : "22, the east coast of Tasmania ; 23, tbe south coisl of Tas mania; 21, Mount Wellington and ad jacent hills; 25, the Myrtle scrolls and west coast of Tasmania; 2G, central Tasmania, 27, the Iters and northern mountains of Tasmania; 28, the coasts of -South Australia east from the meri dian of Port Lincoln ; 29, the hills of South Australia, including Meant Lofty, the Gawler, Barossa, an-l' Flind ers Ranges; 30, the maltoe sera: gene rally: 31, the inland plains of South Australia south from the Tropic; 32, the coii.-t ret ween Port Lincoln and Eucla; 33, the i-oati between Eucla and Albany; 31, the jarrah forests and south-western corner of Western Aus tralia; 35, inland Western Australia south from ibe 30th parallel ; 36, the coast lelt hrluveii Perth and the Tro pic: 37, inland Western Ajslralia be tween Jfldeg. S and the Tropic of Cap- rieo-n; 38, the coast of Wester l .Aus tralia tetween the 'fropie and1 the 17th parallel; 33, inland Wcstero Australia within the -last-named limits; 40, the toast of Western Australia north from the 17th uar.tilel; 41, inland Western Australia, ' north from the 17th parallel; 42, the coast of the Northern Territory ; 43, inland district# of the Territory north from latitude 17deg. S; 44, the western coast of the Gulf of Carpentaria; 45, the table lands and steppes of Central Aus tralia. ORDINARY FORECASTING. The meteorologist's -duty is to issue ordinary forecasts of the weat jer. Thsse slioild cover periods of ?4 hours 'to a week in advance, and be fulfilled wilt, an accuracy of 95 per cent. Owing to' ..the geographical position of Australia the -jyork of ordinary wea ther forecasting- is rendered far less iiffkifit ttar. in the .noriljern hemis phere. The country is governed 'by two main types of atmospheric dis tin-nance — the anticyclonic or high pros- sure system and' the cvclonic or low pressure. Not that a cyclone neces sarily means a hurricane; it is a technical term (just as if a geologist were to go into the road and pick Up a har.oful (Of dirt he would call it '"rock"), and merely implies low pres sure THE MAIN ATMOSPHERIC WAVES SWEEP. ACROSS AUSLRALIA FROM WEST TO EAST, and as there ar: troughs and crests in the waves of the c-ceau so there ar: in the at mosphere. The tiopiral hurricanes or cyclones proper usually approach from nortn- east towards south-west, and recurve lowai-ds south-east between the paral lels of 13 and' 26 degrees, as the suns southern declination decrease, and oWr ing to rarefied: atmosphere becoming jammed or wallea in by nnti-cyclonic crc-sts. Stations for the securing of forecasting data are known 'as first order ana second order. They' should be scattered all over the country, and not farther apart than 100 miles. In audition to the instruments employed at climaiologieal stations each one must Le supplied with the noblest of all meteorological "instruments, the .stand- am- mercurial barometer, which may be either of the Portia or Board of Trade, pattern, and first-order stations- must -also be fitted' witn a barograph, thermograph, and hygro graph for re gistering in aniline ink, by dlock work motion, ever/ variation coniinoouslv "in pressure, temperature, and tioinid.ty. Anemometers .of wind recorders are also advisable, but not irntierati'-e: and observations should be taken at 3 ajm- 9 a.m, 3 p.m., and 9 pan. at the early liour by scir-recorrters to avoid interference with ih" observer's rest. CARE OF BAROMETER. Siauard barometers are most deli cate instruments, and tne transporta tion. and1 final .fixing of such an one at an out-station aeuianis the utmost care. Nursing a recalcitrant baby Is nothing compared to carrying a ba rometer on horseback or on ibe top of a co'ach to "a fair distant outpost. Wc had' enough of this when originally fencing Carometic stations through Crijte York Peninsula and in the wipis of the "Nevc-r-Nev.-?," whence fore casting data are flow: derived daily nr.cicr the newl regime. IT an in fant receives a snake, it will cry and1 get over it. Not so the barometer. When not in active use it must he carried! cistern end up, and Ihe slight est jar may caus; air ilumat.ilv. to viiiato what is technically known as the torricellian vacuum. Thus the in- str-jtunt, which reads to -thousandths of an inch, by improper handing may become useless for scientific work; ana even when finallv lung, in posi tion it sbould: 'be caret iRy protected By a wire guard. A damaged baro meter giving wrong readings might se riously vitiate a forecast on .which momentous interests depend. The pub lic have too idea of Die cnormo >s -la bour and responsibility in th.s re gard attaching to the writer when fixing such -instruments in the back- blocks, and' of tbe keen joy experien ced when tbe barometer -was' finally fixed, as- at Boulia. - And never nhal we forget safely laming the barometer: on the very suiuuiQ. of KoEciuskn. Then oteqrvere have, to be taught; i-kotf1 ultimately become . as a trained "barometer nurse." This work be came the foundation ot the present wi-»attor service. All that has been said with regard to management and inspection applies with special force to these stations, whence data are telegraphed to the t«-ad ofitee for Die preparation of the weather chart, on which the dallv forecasts are based.  "weather jeremiads." MR. WRAGGE CRITICISED. MELBOURNE. Tuesday. The tlradful drought predicted by Mr. Clement Wragge does not find any credence amongst the weather prophets of Victoria. They maintain that Mr. Wraerern. has heen in- dulging in "Jeremiads" for nine years, an-1 that it would be distinctly hard luok If he were hot right some time or other. One of the chief of the weather-wise said: "Mr. Wragge's general assertions are ir rebuttable. During the summer time we shall most likely have extreme heat on hot days, especially in inland and tropical ,part3, of Australia, and in winter time we arc, likely to have rains and fogs on the tops of mountains of high altitude snow will fall. "Over in Western Australia it may. be confidently predicted that copious rains will fall during the wet season, and on the north west coast provision should 'be made for willy-willies; while in Queensland we may expect cyclones in the cyclonic season; and in Sydney the atmosphere will be humid, when conditions make for humidity. "In short, one could not be far wrong when tipping that there will be south winds when the wind is blowing from the south. In all these particulars no one can possibly dis agree with Mr. Wragge. "Speaking seriously, there is no scientific data known to man that will enable anyone to predict with any degree of accuracy what the weather will be two or three years hence. This is the consensus, of opinion of the prin cipal authOTithles of the world who are especialy studying this problem of weather prediction. "Going back to Mr. 'Wragge, it will be re membered that he promised a very bad sea son for Victoria In 1911, whereas ..we had an exceptionally good and bouteous season. Gippsland.was-to be burnt up. As a matter of fact Gippsiand was blessed with an abund ant rainfall, and her primary industries were' in a very flourishing condition. The only tvay I can possibly interpret the doleful warnings which Mr. Wragge issues at in tervals is to take the reverse as being likely to happen.'- . What he ha hsaid has not oc curred. Therefore, we may assume ' that what be does not say will probably happen."  PROPOSED NORTHERN WEATHER BUREAU MR. CLEMENT L. WRAGGE'S VIEWS. During the visit of the Federal Me teorologist (Mr Hunt), to North Queensland some months ago, for the expressed purpose of inquiring into cyclonic records, the matter of estab lishing a North Queensland branch of the Weather Bureau within the cy clonic belt was urged upon him here and at Cairns, but more especially at the last-named place, where a Cham ber of Commerce deputation waited «n film, cud brought ffimn strong argument* to bear in support of the proposal. Since his departure repre sentation* have been made by letter by tho Townavlllc Chamber, but with Dc effect, and fho scheme has been definitely turned down by the Depart ment. principally upon tho score of expense. Thut the proposal lias the support of N'ortliern residents gener ally thora can scarcnly be a doubt, und .ome there arc who are »o fully con vinced tjf the benefit and necessity of the establishment of a bureau during tho cyclone months, that daspito the discouragement of Federal adminis tration. Uey ars still moving In tho matter, and believe that li In nt su/li cent Importance to warrant action ba ins taken by the residents, even at ?ome sacilflce and expense. Promin ent amongst |be*e in Townsvllle la Dr. W. B. Nlabet. Hla duties as Quarantine Officer bringing him Into contact with the captains and pilots of the oversea vessels. as well as the coaalfnr steamers. Dr. N'labtt Juis had opportunities during the past feu months of bearing the views of -.he sea-faring men, and without exception the necessity for a Northern bureau !. acknowledged and supported. And amongst tbe ahtp captains. Captain <i. Irvine, of the Jnnamlncka, la Inter esting himself moat keenly. When It became evident that there waa no hope Own the Federal authorities, the ques tion of endeavoring to eat&bllah a bu reau during the summer months by means of subscriptions and donatlona from citizens arid public bodlea inter ested waa mooted, and mmc inquiries us to'Initial costs «. amnadc. with -hr result that a very interesting letter has now been received from Mr Cle. , ment Wragge. whose name as a me teorologist has been catubllshed I throughout Australia, and who. It Is' considered, would If the moat suitable I nan (or the position. j Whilst the Inn&mlnrka waa In port 1 .n Saturday a "T.D. Bulletin" repre-1 .entalire visited the vessel, when Cap tain Irvine In Ihe course of u chat, i produced tbe letter setting forth Mr I Wraffge's estimates and vlewa. From I tbls It will be seen that the sum re quired would be about flow. The let ter, which was addressed to Captain I Irvine, was dated from Auckland, 6th 1 December, and read as follows: *'I value over so much your kind bet ter of November 10th. which reached me after a long delay, and I am glad to know that my arduous work In I Queensland of years Ago Is at Irast appreciated by my friends of the ship-' ping MOinunity and others, and es-' peclalty In North Queensland. I will j Just say here that before my weather bureau waa disbanded by Government! everything In connection therewith, es- | podsllr ** tbe Warning of hurricanes, I waa lint-class working almost with I the precision as of a 'chronometer.* | Furthermore. I will aay without a mo- j ineni'a hestltatlun. and' In strict jus-! tic* to myself, that, had I been In of- j flee, ample warning would have .been ' given of the etorms that wrecked the I yohgnla and Koombana. with others. I It Is a matter or .correct diagnosis of i the Isobars "and the fscillty nf reason ing tbe thing out from the winds, floods, barometric figures and other elements. Knowing that the founda tions that I so faithfully and trulv lald for the weather signal service tiave within the last 10 years been ne gatived. continue* to be a very sore point With me. Inasmuch aa utterly .part from every personal considera tion. I loyally devoted the best years pf my life In every minute detail to the service of Queensland and Aus tralasia generally, and I regarded my stations as so many 'pet babies,* which I wag destined to lose. Without be ing egotl&tlcal. I know my power full well la this matter, and tlmt bo one .t present In these States can ade quately take my place. A a matter* BOW Hand, I recommend tbat an en tirely Independent weather algnal ser vice abouW be established along the .oast* of Central and North Queens land There should be at least nine Stations in the region Indicated, and to equip these properly, would cost about Ob each. In addition, arrange ment* Would most certainly have to be mad* with the French and Pacific cable companies whereby cypher mee .Me* ooult be received at the head ofllc*-**y at Townsville or Cairns from th* stations at Qoraen. Noumea. Nwfolk Islands, and Suva. With re aped to observers at the Queensland Ml of station* some remuneration should be given to each observer, the .mount to be decided by those who organise the new service (unless, of course, any enthusiastic volunteers should come forward}. Furthermore, a code telegrams, formulae for which .re In toy possession, would have to fu" lo and from the head office with respect t^ the new rations, and at the telegraphs are a Federal concern these would have to be paid for. Probably less than fl per da} would cover this Item. An assistant would be neoeasary for clerical work at a aalary at the rate *t, say C200 a year.' I suppose that the new service would operate only during ihe hurricane months, aay from December to April Inclusive. With re spect to myself, I must be perfectly straightforward: since my weather bureau' was disbanded sdahtMft lectur ing'andwrUln*'have been tny means rf Hvlng. and this la still ao.- At pre sent I sin engaged to commence a sew lecture-tour, opening In Hobart on Feb ruary 14th nejtt from thence it la pro posed to travel, via South Australia, to lecture In Western Australia, pass ing round the North Coast and lectur ing through North Queensland' between June and October next. Also 1 have acquired' interests In. New Zealand which require rtty presence there for at leait throe montha out of the twelve. Thui l.prefer to leave-tUefinancial as- 1 ,p*ct of my eWti case to. Oie considera tion of my many frlfndg in Norih ' Queensland, *0 as to hear what they propose. . Excluding myself from the estimates already «lven, you will be enabled Jo formulate 'a decision ns to what the .wfcole thing will cost, not losing slKht of the fact thaf the finan cial proposal* entirely cover the hurri cane 1 months only. In conclusion, I would attain lay how heartily I appre ciate your communication, and the ef forts of Dr. Nlsbet and my other friend", to whom ploane, as opportunity .Ben. .convey my kindest remera brances. The neoeksary.liihtrtiracntF, apart tMm my own private outfit, which I have here and sufficient for one station only, would have to bo ob talned from London, and if necessary a cable could be seat for them to the makers with whom 1 used to deal in days eono by. With best wishes, yours sincerely,-Clement L. Wragge, late Go vernment Meteorologist of Queens land." Captain Irvine, whose experience with the Innamlnoka In tho Cairns hurri eano last year, will bo freph in the memory of ovcryonu, and whose con duct was the subject of the warmest enconlums from the passengers on that occasion, hud some Interesting things to say In connection with the necessity for such a bureau. "The first question is," h<> remarked, "can wo mine flWO? People ari» ready enough to come down with th«'lr monoy when a disaster has occurred, hut will they be ready to do no beforehand, and as a method of insurance against such disasters? Per* Monalty, I think tho best thing would ho to form a committee here or In Cairns, or in both places, to work it up. I havo no doubt that numbers of people would bo willing to' subscribe, but there must first l>c some authorised source to receive donations. It must be renumbered that this is not for the benefit of iho North simply. It will be for the benefit of everybody from Thursday Island to Melbourne. Prac tically all the crows uf the coastal .ves sels are from Sydney and. Melbourne, where tlieir families reside, so it Is not a local question. In another sense, however, it will be a local question for the North. Whw the Panama Canal opvns these Northern ports'will be the nearest to America by that route. But sea captains will not care to bring their ships Into the narrow water* be tween the coast and the reef, within th#» hurricane belt when they know | there is no meteorological station here to warn them of coming disturbances. jA hurricane when one has sea room I is a much less dangerous experience than one In confined waters. And the sea captains have a big say In the.se .matters, as they are the eyes and the (ear* of the owners. They would na turally prefer to give North Queens land a wide berth and make for a southern port outside the -disturbed belt. And this, I believe, fs the only such coast in the world which Is act I protected by the establishment of a weather bureau. | "It Is up to the North t* put forth i their best exertions and get some such i bureau established. Of course, people |only recollcct the years in which some 'great disaster has been caused, at In- i tervals, probably, of several years, but j | every season there are several of these j : disturbances which strike somewhere, i [The coastal ships are getting bigger ! i every year, and the numbers of the j crew increasing. For instance, I have HO on this ship, and there are many I [larger on the coast. And It ts worth while doing something to protect the I lives of ao many." | Dr. Nlsbet, speaking on the same I subject, warmly supported the views of CaptaJn Irvine. Rpeaklng of Mr Wragge's tetter, which he had seen. Dr. I Nlshet said it wou.d appear that nearly I £1000 would be r«quir«l. As the Federal I 'Government would «1o nothing, he j i thought the people of the North should , take the question up. The probable sources of revenue, hs though*, should |be subscriptions by »h? Kfcn*ra* public. I shipping companies, marine and Jnsur. lance companies, and n grant fnm the j State Government U would, he thought, be only nc<*Mtiry to provide !for one hurrVjui'? season, f*r In after! j years, when I4, had .ince ticca I that the clUcens were prepared to put I their hands In their pockets to obtain [the protection they desired, the Fede ral Government would be prepared to take action. He tiad spokeft to num bers of people who were convinced of I the necessity of the establishment of I the bureau. The Chambers of Com merce both at Cairns and Townsville I had shown themselves to be in favor. [He thought it would be advisable to I get a public meeting, and form a com mittee to get the scheme meving here and In Cairns, and at other centres, [leaving it entirely in the hands of the experts appointed to say where the head centre should be established.  cygdonic r storms. . r -y-ALUB: OF FORECASTS. ' -Mr.' Creme'nt Wra'gge writes: — ' A paragraph- appeareij in1 your issue bf;tl7e'mh .inst.' concerning Mr. Hunt's re.eeht . visit' to Queensland. It stated that.-- Senator Maughan : had requested in tno senate that a more efficient system k of weather . 'warning stations -...should- be- established in. the cyclonic areas along the Queensland, coast- . f.also read that. the Commonwealth Aleteorologlst proposed to establish at Brisbane'. instruments specially suited to;, the northern climate, so that the Brisbane Meteorological Station should toe; brought "up to" date." Pray allow me In simple justice to reply. - Has' the best, of my life's work gone for nothing?. For 16 years I was head of .the Queensland meteorological ser vice, and during that time I estab lished (as Mr. Robert. Philp,. a former Premier, fully admitted) a meteoro logical and weather warning system second' to. none, in the world. More over, I used to issue/ as the people will remember, -weather, forecasts not only for' Queensland, but' for ever' part of .Australasia, which .were verified to 95 per ' cent, in accuracy. 'I established chains' of stations not ' only along the Queensland coast, but in- every part of the country, includ ing Cape- York Peninsula and the far west, 'and personally equipped them with the best .standard instruments that London can produce. What has Jiappened since I. left? -Everything was first-class when I had. charge. . . . Mr. Hunt now talks of installing in- '- struments specially suited to tho northern climate. . Allow me . to say that the standard instruments that. I . fixed in position are available the whqle world -over, and the sooner the Minister. In. charge- realises this r and . asks "a- few questions the better will . It be for the public, and shipping. 'Y' did air my work on an annual vote , of £1500, whereas the amount now- expended by "the Weather Bnreau ex- - oeeds. I underatand, £22,000 annually. Gi;eat goodness, what do they .do with theVm'pney? What- have -they done with it? .The Kbdm'ba'na went down, and-sbdiil the Yongala, and .not, a word of warning'appears to .have been gi ven of .the stormB; that -wrecked them. In existing, circumstances, a special ; . weather bureau ought to.be-establlshed " at" Cairn's Voir "Towhsvllle before' the hurricane. 'm'onthB Come on,, entirely In- dop'ondent. of Federal control. ""pavld: and -Soldinon'ahd . some other patriarchs were excellent men as judg- ed-'by the standards' of - their own time, but-they.would n'ot-bo, admitted, to membership in,'- the -Church, of . to-day," said the' Rev,' John Thompson, '.of, Chipa- .gb.iin-a sermon, do voted to-p'r'oving-thst ' the; world- has grown better. - .  'WADE.' Tho Antartic disturbance named 'Wade,**/ in honor ,-of ? the late Premier, took the stage early this morning, with a sunriso iir alto and murky grev cluuds of deeper tones, while tho smoke from the sombre chimneys of the city curled and twisted from the north in the fantastic wreaths under tho influence of 'Wade's' advancing edge.— . (From Mr. Wragge's weather report). Dark, smoky clouds are in the sir-.. The lightning livid fiits, And evil shadows hurry br — The air is full of WHITS! Tho Perry-helion is reached, And wo are sure afraid, Perchance the vessel will be beachcd Through this disLi-acting 'Wade.' Where'er a Will-is there's a way, Yet in the gathering storm Large cpectrel chapes arc ?^fathering' Grey ; . Wo sec- their lines trwrnje- ' Charles Gregory's penumbra falls , And casts a lowering shade — The lookout at the foretop calls : 'Hero comes tho cyclone, 'Wade!'' Old Jim McGowen takes the wheel, Bill 'Olman goes below — Wo mark tho shuddering vessel's heel By Jinks, it's going to blow ! The sails are reefed, t lie hatches down (Tho weather braces frayed). Yet, p'raphs we'll fetch old IlofTis Town Despite tho typhoon Wade!*' —HELEN BLAZES.  LUNA VERSUS SOU. Mr. Clement 'Wragge seemsi to. be erupting in a new place. He declares on his "solemn Bible oath" that if the Central Meteorological Bureau at Brisbane had been in existence, the shipping community would -have re ceived at least three days warning of the coming of the recent disastrous cyclone on the north-west coast of Australia. Mr. Wraeee, with, charac- teristic modesty, refrains from men tioning that to ensure t'he accuracy of such a long range prediction, it would be necessary for the bureau to be in charge of Mr. Wragge. But . he probably considers that goes with out saying. As a matter of cold fact however. Mr. Wragge has never yet predicted anything concerning meteorological conditions with any more 'success than any of the other meteorologists of the various Sta tes. But he has never neglected an opportunity of handing himself bou quets. Our own meteorologist, Mr. W. E. Cooke, once predicted a storm five dhys ahead, and that feat prob ably stands as a record for Austra lia. Air. Wragge 's theory that solar disturbances, as evidenced by sun- spots, profoundly affect terrestrial climatic conditions may have some thing to justify it. The opinion is not his "alone. Eminent astronomers "believe in the theory. Others do not. Mr. Wragge is not the inventor of the hypothesis, though probably most Australians imagine that he is. The majority of scientists' regard the theory as being on a par -with the popular delusion that the aspect of the moon is a sure guide to weather conditions. Some years ago Mr. Wrdgge predicted that Austra: a would be cursed -with a general drought between 1916 and 1913., He has lately been explaining that the drought he predicted was to be a very second-rate sort of affair, be cause lunar influences would counter act the solar, " and thus there would be occasional intervening rainy spells."' He has also extended the time for the occurrence of drought to 191 or 1916. Mr. Wragge is distinct ly hedging, like any ordinary turf ttp ster. Anybody can safely predict the recurrence of droughty conditions in Australia -if a few years latitude in regard to time is-allowed. And, any how, a drought which is counteracted by lunar influences resulting "in inter vening rainy spells" ought not to be a very serious matter. The con test between Luna and Sol may re sult in . a complete victory for the lady, who may, -in the language of .J — _ J « . - _ vutfiupt aremi, succwu in planting " a knockout blow on the solar plexus."  BEATING THE BOOB. A QUEENSLAND JACK SHEPPARD, A DASH FOR FREEDOM. The Burglar Failed. Nowadays, gaol-breaking is u' very i rare occurrence; iron doors, stone wnlU. and Chubb locks aro too tough a pro blem for the wouUl-be Jack Shepuard. But in the old days, that was not so. arid many interesting stories could b«' written about these escapades. .Here h one which look place in Townsvilhv what time Inclement Wrnggo's cyclone used to rage along tho conAt, upsetting u town or two, or whut ever canto in the way. The TowmviUo wutchliousc was a building of the old sort, sur rounded by a frail stockade, which had crumpled 'like brown paper when as sailed liy Siginn, which, at Wragge's ho liest. had just half wrecked the city of Townsville. The flooring of- the cells was about two feet from the ground, and if u prisoner could only contrive to full through lie was free. There was no outer fence to scale, no sentries to pus- no hindrance whateverl Orice through the floor, and hey! for the ojien coun try and freedom. The flooring v was mlule of wood, an iron tongue on one' hoard being fitted in jo a- -wooden groove' In the other. Given any Bort of a saw, the thin,, strip of metal was ,thc only difficulty to be overcome. JBut how .to get n saw! . » . A BURGLAB BOLD, 1 one Willows, a' notorious character, who was in awaiting trial for a house breaking exploit, which earned him three years' free board and lodging at the Crown's expense, easily solved the problem. He made one. But .he had to get the material. How dld'he. man age that? As simply as "kiss your hand." The officer in charge of . the wo tollhouse was away on furlough, or doing other work, and n Taw. young in experienced policeman waB acting , us locum tenens. In those days, .police guests in the -watch-house weren't forced to tear tlic limited tucker, sup plied with their teeth, or bolt it like a hungry dog. At dinnertime thev were supplied with a knife nnd fork, whieji it was tlie duty of the officer, to remove when the meal was fihislied. " :But ih« row John Hop, possibly . rattled by Sigma, failed in this imperative duty, and so the housebreaker became po sessed of a knife. To be sure, it was only an iron one, but a lot can be done with a common piece of iron' by a deter mined handy man. When the next din- ner-tfme arrived, he obtained .another knife, and hy chopping it across, the bhule of the other, the burglar fashioned something of a jagged nature, that bore some semblance to a saw. He didn!t fin ish it at ono up, biit each day,, when the dinner-knife caiue in, he hammered away at his improvised stuv, arid even when the work of cutting his way to freedom was in progress, he used the knife as n sharpener. To effect' an en trance in the first board must have been a tedious joli, and one that called for a lot of perseverance. But when" a mun is making A BOLD BID " . . . for freedom, those requisites, are not wanting; and at Inst, the Townsville Jack Sheppard said a silent hooray to himself as the point of Iris saw-- slipped through tho board nnd pointed tu the ground and liberty. To cut 'across tho two six-inch boards was a simple mat- ler» and even the irop-tongue yielded, to the knife saw, and burglar sweat ml elbow grease. At last the job was com pleted, and a hole two feet by one gaped in . the floor, and Freedom looked in from below. On the morning, the task was finished, the housebreaker carefully concealed his trap with his blankojs, and like Wellington at Waterloo he prayed for night to come so that he might make his dash for freedom. Unlucky bur glar. As far. as he was concerned, alt his arduous toil was useless. He had fin ished the job a day too - late.. - Two drunks and a manine were brought .in, and the raw John Hop decided to place them in the burglar's .cell, and remove him to another. Useless the pleading . of the foiled one that he' loved that cell like a wife, or that he hungered for company, and he had to go out, and the others went in. And it didn't -take the trio long to discover the r hole in the floor, so it came In handy 'after -all, only the wrong men got the benefit thereof. One by one the trio slipped through, the drunks making a bee line for the neurest pub, and the maniac for the open country. Another prlsoncrMn a cell close by suddenly missed the noise in the drunks' cell, and thinking the maniac had strangled them he knocked until ho attracted the attention of . the watch-house matron. One. ..glance through the door apprised that lady that the cage was empty, and that the BII1DS IJA1) FLOWN. " The John Hop was summoned with the keys; oiul on the door being opened, and the blankets removed, the means of exit was quickly discovered. The es cape of the drunks was a matter of minor consequence. The- first pub would pull them up, but the lunatic was a grave business. He was a married, man, who had been removed from lib home for family protection, and they would have to he seen to. But the maniac ar rived home first, and nearly scared the life out of liis wife before - the ' John Hops turned up, The young policeman In charge of the lockup could not leave, so the matron herself went out to look for the drunks, and as &lie anticipated found them at tlic nearest grog shop., Tliey had got oiitsido of two or three pints in the meantime, arid being quite mellow and amenable to reason or' the witching wiles of woman, '.they .went back like lambs to the slaughter, and got off In the morning with a caution. The matter was hushed up, and although some of the Townsvllle cognoscenti were told and laughed heartily over the jepl; aode, it never became public, property, and this is the first time it has appeared In print. The authorities were to blairie in putting an inexperienced man in such a responsible position, so no bother was made. But it was touch and go. If the artificer had only finished Ills job n day- sooner, a burglar bold would havo gained his liberty, and possibly have vanished in the then almost wilderness of -the West. And after all tho - trouble he had gone to, and cleverness ,of. making a saw out of a knife by choppirig.it with another, one is almost inclined to fed sorry that ho didn't get a run, for his money. However, It was better that he was foiled, for such a remarkable genius wasn't safe at large. V,  PROM VARIOUS SOURCES Running a country newspaper is not all sunshine. A rural editor gives the following hint:—'"The -.fellow who can play billiards, smoke cigars, hare six penny drinks, shout for others, trip' it to Sydney, go to "the races, etc., should not overlook the fact that he owes us a couple of quid." "D'yer see that there old cove com in' outer Jones' pub?" remarked the way-back leg-puller to a new arrival. "Well, 'e's the champeun boozer ov this locality. He's been drunk fur a quarter ov a century, an' if 'e wos ter wake up some mornin' an' find 'imself sober I do believe the shock would kill 'im. Twelve months ago 'e wob bitten by a tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too." ■'Did, the man die?" the new chum asked. "No," replied the buBhm&n, "but the snake got blind paralytic drunk." Beauty is only skin deep, but'curves is curves. "The Secret~of Smart Dress," runs a headline in a contemporary. Some of the costumes we have seen recently had nothing secret about them at all. "Johanna" tells this one in the "Bul letin"—An exalted military gentleman in Melbourne found himself beset by an untidy young woman of about 25 in a suburban street the other morn ing. "You're , ain't you? Well, Bill can't &lt;?o to the war." "My good woman, I——" "I tell yeh straight Bill can't go to the war, an' 'e won't, so there. Bill's engaged, t' me; then he goes and enlists t' fight the Ger mans. Well, he won't go, see. He's said he'll marry me, 'n' he ain't goin' t' get off so easy. I give you my word." Can't you picture Bill in a snow-filled trench, with a bullet in his j neck, getting off easy? I All men are born free and equal, I but the majority of them marry later on. ~ j Of troubles connubial, jars and di vorce, This, we believe, is the fruitfullest source; A man falls in love with a dimple or curl, Then foolishly marries the entire girl. There was a man in .our town And he was wondrous small. He bought a--big barometer And put it in the hall. And when the mercury went down Because of wind and rain. He climbed on the umbrella stand And shoved it up again. If everybody on earth spoke the truth and nothing but the truth for twenty-four hours, we should find our selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution ~ the world has ever known. ' , j Last week (writes. "Gossip," of the "Stock and Station' Journal") I had' two schoolboys staying with me. who were on their way from Bedale's School, in Petersfield, Hants, to Scot land. I took them to all the things we had time for, including the "White City," and the play of "Grumpy," at ■ the New Theatre. They had the time of their lives. We visited the Tower j of London, and they saw the "Traitor's .Gate," the site of the scaffold where people used to be shortened, the idle soldiers, the ancient "Beefeaters," and all the armor and the guns and swords and crossbows, and weapons, of mur der. .They were greatly interested, and when we came out i said, "Now, boys, what interested you most about the Tower? What is the strongest im- j pression that you UFlng away from; the old place?" The bigger and older-! of the two (nearly 15) said:—"Well, my strongest Impression, after seeing all the armor and the weapons of war is that the people of those times were j fools." Before I bad time to express my views, the younger one said, "Well, we're bigger fools now." "Amen," j said I to that, and t^en we talked! ! "Northerner" writes:—Anent the I drought, the recent heat spell, and the I prospects of the rain- which promises that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken oft before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the' continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy J monsoon struck' the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of TownSvllle which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to hare a summer broken up by Southern Ocean antl-. cyclones •which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl flshers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it.  TOPICS OF THE DAY. I I MR. CLEMEN.T WRAGGE'S DISCOVERY. In the fur north of Auckland Province (says the JST.Z. correspondent of thti 'Aus- tralasian') Mi'. Cleuieiit Wragge, the well known astronomer Und meteorologist, has discovered, so he says, the remains of an ancient city or temple, probauly dating ljuck to the time of sun-worship. The huge blocks of stone constituting these remains lie apparently in heavy bush. He modestly puts thoir age at 500,000 years, but he adimiits they miuy be a great deal older ! He has also expressed the opinion that they are connected with Leinuria. the con tinent thut once existed in tho Western Pacific ,; and ho ha« therefore provisionally clu'istened the site Lemurion. Sonne are marked With cups or scooped-out holes, bearing 'evidently written records of great antiquity,' and altogether Mr. Wragge is satisfied thut they date back to th-j timo when prehistbric man lirst migrated from tho Northern to tlio Soutliern Hiemisubere. It is to be feared that Mr. Wraggo is not taken quite se'rtously. When lie firsti came over here he used to indulge in a good deal cf weather prediction, and a prophet of that sort is seldom accorded great hon our in his own country. Mr. .Wragge's ha bit of giving the storms that he predicted the names of miem.bers of the Ministry ex cited Tude mirth, t especially when mariners1 were warned to beware of 'Buddo' in the Tamnan Sea, or when the country was threatened with tho cyclone 'Ward.' So that air. WYaggei's wonderful discovery in the fustness of tho North — be has declined to specify the exact locality — has been re ceived with nuoro or lass respectful doubt. Professor Macmillan Brown, of Cliristchurch. who has studied the anthropological pro loins o'J' Polynesia is inclined to accept the probability of tho find being genuine, cft p'oc-ially in view of the undoubtedly au thentic megnlithic. remains elsewhere in this part) of ilto world, nnd, the existciK'-ej of something like Dru'idical circles in other parts of .New. Zealand. Other scientists, such as tho lute surveyor-general. Mr. Percy Smith, an equally keen student of tluy past, suggests that Mr. Wragge - has found a number of natural basaltic columns such as were known to lie in the locality of the alleged 'temple.' Tho marking on them, which Mr. Wragge declares to be of hu,m'an origin, Mr. Smith thinks1 are pro-- ^bah'I.v the natural hollows and marks found in that particular formation. More will, no doubt,' be heard of the matter, for if the re mains are genuinely megnlithic. thev would be of great scientifio interest and value. ?  , THE DRY SEASON- " EXPERTS DIFFER. A GLEAM OF HOPE. ABUNDANT RAINS FOLLOW DROUGHT. Mr. Clement Wraggc has prophesied coven years of drought. . Mr. H. A. Hunt, Commonwealth Met urologist., is content with one year. 1'ectcrduy lie was particu larly emphatic in nointinc out tieit the season following a drought., and particu larly a severe drought, has been marked by abundant rains. In support of this view he quoted the drought of 1888, which was- followed by a very wet year. In Victoria, during 1888, -the average rainfall was 19.7 inches. In 18S9. it was 32.71 inches. The 1002 average of 18.55 inches preceded 27.45 inches in 1U03. This was just as marked in New South Wales. Mr. Hunt's explanation of this was that when the interior of Australia was very- dry the solar summer radiation became intense, causing an inflow of moist winds from tile tropics. Tlie serious condition of Victorian crops was chiefly due to the failure of the whiter rains in the last two years. Victoria relied nn winter rains for subsoil water, and the failure of the spring rains had left nothing in reserve. Vic toria, Mr. Hunt stated, had three distinct sources of rain— (1) southern storms, which also benefited South Australia and south ern Western Australia, though their pre dominance 'made Queensland and Aow South Wales suffer from lack of ram.; (2) tropical depressions, whose predomi nance, as was fine case this year, benefited Queensland and north-eastern New South Wales, to tlie detriment of southern ares"! (3) anti-cyclonic conditions, which benefited solely- the eastern littoral of Anstralia. This season the southern storms have failed.  LESSONS FROM CALAMITIES, .' Whoever will carefully read the story of the cyclonic visitation on. our northern coast may learn a lesson as to the caution born from experience of former calamities. Our memories are tender anil keen of feeling concerning the loss of life suffered on our northern coast when the Yongala went down to unexplored depths of the sea. Even at that time, there' were prudent ship comthanders who, fore seeing the. evil, took shelter from the storm. Experience is a faithful teacher; Now wc know, having so long sat at her feet, that on our northern coast 'at this season of the year, cyclones may prevail. It still' is vividly in memory that Mr. Wragge's , Sigma wrought so much mischief at Townsvillc, threatening almost to carry away the ugly bluff headland that looms over the city. - So. far, on this occa sion, it appears that no lives have been lost. This welcome state of affairs indis putably is due to tho prudence with which ship commanders have managed their cralts in those dangerous northern waters, dangerous when cyclones are roaming tliq sea. It is said that the Innamincka is aground. For the present wo may sur mise that her commander deemed risks near, shore to be less than risks in the open water, whilst a cyclone was raging. Until otherwise informed— and -ire . hope it will be impossible to supply the infor mation—the immunity from loss of life this time experienced is due to the lessons in prudence taught by the -calamities' that? befell us when the Yongala foundered.  SAYINGS OF TO-DAY AND YESTERDAY. Circumstances alter kisses.—Caro lyn Wells. ' Many are men of probity—until you begin to probe.—J. Whitman. The man who can!t. remember when he was a fool is one yet.—Strickland Gillian. About the only way a woman can keep a secret is to keep it going.— Nathan Levey. Woman: A being to run away from, or "with—as the case may be.—Elbert Hubbard. Young men, I have to advise you to try to be good rather than great. You'll have less competition.—'T. Lawson. The wages of sin is exposure.—Es telle .Klauder. A high old time lays many a man low.—Cole Blease. On the door of success is "push," in brass.—Upton Sinclair. Lots of people will take everything for granted, except a hint.—Green wood Lake. . 'Tis better to have loved^-and lost than never to have loved at all, but it isn't so' cheap.—Sam Stimson. The trouble with' the average mar ried man is that he doesn't know' what a jewel his wife is till he comes to put her in a casket!—General Sickles. "Northerner" writes:—Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain which promises and never comes, it is curious to note | that when Queensland summer rains I come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy ' ijionsoon struck the north last week, j and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this j is nothing" to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which ; doesn't get its ten inches or so of ' rain a week considers itself in the throes &lt; of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the paonsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin i have a' motto to' the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it. ,  The Dry Season. EXPERTS DIFFER. A GLEAM OF HOPE. ABUND ANT 11 A INS FOLLOW DROUGHT. -? ' Mr- Clement Wrag-ge-lias pro phesied seven years of drought. Mr H. A. Hunt, Commonwealth Meterologist, is content with one year. He is particularly empha tic in pointing out that the sea son followiug;a drought, and par ticularly a severe drought, has been maiked by 'abundant rains. In support of this view he quotes the drought of 1888, vvhich was followed by a very wet year. In Victoria, during 1888, the aver age rainfall was 19.7 inches. In 1889 it was -32.71 inches. ? The 1902 average of 18.55 inches pre ceded 27.45 inches in- 1903. This was just as marked in New South Wales. ? - . Mr Hunt's explanation of :this is that when. the-interior of Aus tralia is very dry the solar sum mer. radiation becomes intense, causing an inflow of moist winds from the tropics. ' The serious coudition of Victorian crops' is : chielly'due to the failure of the winter rains in the past two years. Victoria relies on winter raius for subsoil water^and the failure of the spring, rains has -left .nothing in reserve. Victoria^ Mr Hunt states, has three dis tinct sources of rain — (1) south ern storms, which also benefited South Australia and Southern Western Australia, through their predominance made Queensland and New South Wales suffer from lack of rain ; (2) tropical depres sions, whose predominance, as was the case this year, benefited Queensland and north-eastern New South Wales, to the detri ment of southein areas ; (3) anti cyclonic conditions, which bene fited solely the eastern litteral of Australia. This season the south ern storms have failed.  Mixed Musings from Maoriland. [Hi M. Walkhk ] Tiro ivof];-' .''!,'() my [ma;] o)il !i i'-i:d C. em nt Wia^'^e told Au kkmd ? ( ? ii p 1 1 ? and the inliahitan k ofAuk land pioviuri: tn ' lro!- out ' H had hei'ii trf\ iri jr toya' Mm -spot : more than u-ual :it'.en'io;i, an-1 ; Oirinc.l tha! a storm of -y.:Ioni.': fort c would pay 11s a vi.i'. Mi -. Knt^.-1 ilif. I inin'rnltu'n I Mi'ti'iirn [1 !j i s. 1 , saiii ilifTert-ndy, and as ilu g-.-iud weather continued for scvi-ral day^. many jieo]de said '' Wr:ij;:r is wrong; Bates is right.'1 Ilnw \:vnr. Mi. Wi'agg' s.'iii'cl, then look ed g'-ave. and repeated that ' Hciwli ' was surolj' roming iiji 'o 1jmp. lo'cl u:, vdiere lie wasv.'n; Hi? ! i^ fu-y a- that moment, ml warned s-hijijiing aiui sctt'crs alik^ to lie ynrp.ired. How corro't our nhl friend was in his ^re-di^ti'in ynu will gather from (lie photographs of dc-tnir-tion ion(aiu'd in the 'Aiuk- land Wti kly News' — a ropy of whi-h I am forwarding yon On Mindav, Ma'e.h IP,' 'Heno-h' I prri'Tii, and knoekod at Aii'lt!;ind's rionr'bnt did not wait for it tn i) en. About da'k (In- nonh-rac;--r ly hpgan (n increase in foivc. i-.nrl 'ho cyclone hit us wi!)i full forrn it ? o'rlocl- next morning. At day l-'|i| (lie- IVii-'s)ini-'-s of ihc h.-irhnr ???-???-? -t-vwri wlh wro--l;ag;- oi' small r-aff ,rrl I' e i-einairiN of nvriii'-n'T) ??Mia'l l-nil ;i-ig -. Tiees were up mi it i 1, windows iirokon ' vorywiii-r\ T?p in t'-.r- ICi g Ciun'ry, the t'o'-m 'i!'(ei :on:i Miioul'10'i'.g fires, wl-i-h we.rr fanned into flame, and. driven liy thr ptnrm, swept over n rzrrnt trarf of country. The r.vri invo'xrd extend'- from llo'Oei'o tn ?R-rtil'i and wp=t'vard from O]:i kn-T (nwardr. 'I^i 1 i :i Ui , on 1';c u pp i -t..t.c]ip- of the AVa-'irvui Rivo-. ITnro'tunatc'y lo^s of l:fe ]ia~. 'ob' re-ordpd ; husband, wife, and rhiM, 'il ore in~t,T!]rr, hej'rg over taken liy the flamrs -wlii'o trvi-io; fo cpr.iiie ihrmpirli the 1 u-h. Th ? dead Wlicc nf n'l t'iror wr e imir.d to* g-ethfT. Anioi.g t' e ;rnvn«hip- invoU-e.', R-etilii =i:ff're'i tho gi---Li'cr-t iIps t'lK'i .i1. A f-udder. ehnn--e o'' i]ic I T.-in-l rl-nvc the nre i-i the diro-ii'.n j nf t'-r tn-rr, anrl ^-j^h li'tle or ro 'aMii p- the rrridrnt.s found ihpn;- I e'rr/. :uT0HTi'-d by Jnrc, T'u'y j 'vr.'f forefd tn a^a'n'on n'l t''e-'r ?n ?- e-.- i-u.F many 'Vmnd a ir-fug.1 iii i'-c ivf under thr bri'lg'. and j -t1 rr- i^.T ' ]'.r'T-'1 in (bo o;ien ;irn '~ ?'-i; e !?'?;! ' i; i T i g 0 y u d . ])o\\ II :lie j M.TiigacluVo.'i Valley the' H^e j*i'jjrt! 1 ;i.- ii. a luinric, un uiniag 4.li lioniPj .11 '\ lii-tamc oi fi\.' ini!cs. lu Rno'.ihi i1;c\f the ic idenis v;er paui- -t.:i d'.e.-, ami women wcic laiutir.g. H imdieU m lied to ihc r.ulve t-. anil stood in the strfams. 3;'t. Mil -lit. dcej-. lovi'iiug iheir 1'aec.- and h-n.ds vith llie water. Mri a:id v omen wit'i rhililren in tl.cir arm; wen in a pitiable plight and ja'ie:it.- Ijom the malerniiy ? o-)- i ' a 1 , wlii Ii wa= gul'ed, had to '?-; -?-)::;'! iv .alV-fy. Flamci alii! -.]ia-l^ swr-ping a:-ro'S the n,,id. e'c-i ei t';i rxil l'i nm l)[C lOfftl, rl) .'?.bf.ut ,°. M1 jH-:)p!r. some in their cig'-t a( i r. rarryini; the few :nlii-lo.- thi-y were an]e to rolled, ?.?ii .-1 el -nt i (lie river, where they rcinniiR'd for the night. The cffirial re:i!irt pub'i-hed to-day sIiowb the follnuiiiir: 11 All (1-e 'awn.ilh in th' affcn'cl ;irea ar' eomjiletoly -l-'stro--ei'. Nearly a'l (hp mill wharcs were ile-t-ovi'-l. and the whole of tho fur niture and i fleet-. In Rao i'li tnwn slii). fin home.0 were completely wii ed mil. These home'- wore the iangildi- represoiifaiion of yc.iTf of pionoeiiiig t-,il. 4.1.000 acres v.-c''.1 su-i-pt liy flro. and jra? to iho. value ol o.vi.Orm de-('oy'd. Sheep in I1 ( va'u of £'i.')',f1'0 w'-o biiMit. :r\i\ ten ing tj llie value of .r.-i.-i/O'i Oilier lo^rs have not vel h'-.-n o-timnk'l. Helji for the '?nffe-p.-s L- .forth, owing fmin all liait,- of the Dominion I1. An t n'i;i du i g ho ilivnv Mirli di-a (c s a-e reioi-de!, but 'hi i ; Min'eCi o; nev.- 'o ? Maorilanl, wherr a I ui| c aturo of S3 degrees is rrn.-i 'er.'d 'mr'Hing. ' We Ii.im' in NT-w Z-alnnd a bird ca^cd fie l.auk-., or podwi'. Th i ?- bird spends i K- summer iiv tlin no: tb or the \orth I-dard: and i's ivi'itc.r i i Siberia. Il wiil a---cml)l- in it: lniiiiip.s at S;d'ils Bav in n foitnight's iimc. iii n'-iordan-e wi'Ii its annual nme'alde. to start at a given Miiia! for the long (rans o-oai:i'- flight (ii its winter nuarlers. The spectacle of the long eelumnr, of liirds taliii-g wir.rc at the. right tt; .1 TT. fit i o-:e of l];'.-i ial in'firO:;', and : ev, r n 1, forgut 'on. Thr PJ.i'e o;.l i a\ Suiely oT AueLLmd i- oi x'.ii i/in' n party to be rn thn si-iri' at 'he ti:n.( of the bi--ds' do., -ir !'i-'C. T'if- prr-o-t wri'or iq in be me or the T.Tt--r. aid wi'l f n i you ? fifl ir'inrt when h' re'.unif to Airkland. T1 o. r-. :-.-,i ?!? V.C. lioldrr nf ih-i' i; e -c-nt »ai na- au Auiklrind hov — I/..-I'. C ?:,;?: nr.-'er Sanders. Thai '. ,-::.', 1 c .1 'o-: l-.i, li-e hat 1-iin fpr hie. tUiirffy, HTIfcT ^ainTn^1 UtiiYt'tWfi I e?t honour that man can achiev. His deeds. (he Admiralty, aie unalde at presenl, to publish, bu; they wru' oi sulIi a nature tlmL ihc higlie-t autlio;iirs iu the siworld have bei n niuvel to cxproL-s. their I high appie, lation. Our King lias .-cm a spe;ial mail-barr. tevled by his own hand, to Mrs. Sanders s.eur. who lives close to in-. It. had be?n my juivi'eci- to '?-?-: and read this and other let ors named, Irln--. In his lelter King Corge i-x;.-ros.-:.-K prairc. thanks, and appro, i i ti.'.-n uilli ictirrt' al the ]o:s of ku-)i a galla-it lid. T'e Admir; hy speaks of i'iia a- ra-'ki l'; with Nelson D'.alcc, and ..Cuts'. Admiral B'at'y writes Iii -; fa ill pi- of ihe. many great qna'ilie- o! (be brave son. O her high auHioiitie: s'ate (hn( the Biiti-h Empirr- will open Us eyes: in amazement when bi'-to-y IcMs of the wonders jir'onnci by (ho boy Smder,. V C. D?(). This brave lad's falbor i- in pqor health, strug gling for a !i\-intr. and ye(..tlie. New Ze-'land C'py -niin'nl has do) done the s'iglitrsv tiling 1o lighten his lmi-ilr-n, or- even pub'iely acknow ledge the worth of bis boy!  PROM VARIOUS SOURCES Running a country newspaper Ib not all sunshine. A rural editor gives the following hint: — 'The fellow who can play billiards, smoke cigars, have six penny drinks, shout for others, trip it to Sydney, go to the races, etc., should not overlook the fact that he J owes us a couple of auid.' 'D'yer see that there old cove com in' outer Jones' pub?' remarked the way-back leg-puller to a new arrival. 'Well, 'e's the champeun boozer ov this locality. He's been drunk fur a quarter ov a century, an' if '? wos ter wake up some morain' an' find 'imself sober I do believe the shock would kill 'im Twelve months ago 'e wos bitten by a tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too.' 'Did the man die?' the new chum asked. 'No,' replied the bushman, 'but the snake got blind paralytic drunk.' Beauty is only skin deep, but curves is curveB. 'The Secret of Smart Dress,' runs a headline In a contemporary. Some of the costumes we have seen recently had: nothing secret about them at all. I 'Johanna' tells this one in the 'Bui- ' lofi'n' ? A n o'antlaman in Melbourne found himself beset by j an untidy young woman of about 25 j in- a- suburban street the other morn- J ing. . 'You're ? ain't you? Well, | Bill can't go to the war.' 'My good woman, I- — ' 'I tell yeh straight, i Bill can't go .to the war, an' 'e won't, so there. Bill's engaged t' me; then he goes and enlists t' fight the Ger mans. Well, he won't go, see. He's said he'll marry me, 'n' he ain't goin' t' get off so easy. T give you my j word.' Can't you picture Bill in a snow-filled trench, with a bullet in his neck, getting off easy? All men are born free and equal, but the majority of them marry later on. Of troubles connubial, jars and di vorce, * This, we believe, is the fruitfullest source; A man falls in love with a dimple or curl, Then foolishly marries the entire girl. There was a man in our town And he was wondrous small. Ho hniip-Vit n hip- tin/mm At fir | And put it in the halL And when the mercury went down Because of wind and rain, He- climbed on the umbrella stand And shoved it up again. If everybody on earth spoke the truth and nothing but the truth for twenty-four hours, we Bhould find our selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution the world has ever known. Last week (writes 'Gossip,' of the 'Stock and Station Journal') I had two schoolboys staying with me, who were on their way from Bedale's School, in Petersfield, Hants, to Scot land. I took them to all the things we had time fer, including the 'White City,' and the play of 'Grumpy,' at the New Theatre. They had the time of their lives. We visited the Tower of London, and they Baw the 'Traitor's * Gate,' the site of the scaffold where people used to be shortened; the idle soldiers;* the ancient 'Beefeaters,-' and all the armor and the guns and swords and crossbows, and weapons, of mur der. They were greatly interested, and when we came out I said, 'Now, boys, what interested you most about the Tower? What is' the strongest im pression that you bring away from the old place?' The bigger and .older of the two (nearly 15) said: — 'Well, my strongest impression, after seeing all the armor and the: weapons of war is that the people of those times were fools.' Beforei I had time to express my views, the younger one said. 'Well, we're bigger fools now.' 'Amen,' said I to that, and then we talked ! 'Northerner' writes: — Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects .of the rain which promises i that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, But it has been the case frequently in the. past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it waB to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten Inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful- drought, the fact ? remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti- ? 'cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to tha' effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when' they have a placid one we ['have a wet one.- We can do with it. j ?  Mr. Clement Wragge's Belieft PERTH, April 9. In connection with the loss of the Jioonw ban a, Mr. Clement Wragge lias written#' to a Perth newspaper to the effect that; if a Central Weather Bureau in Brisbane had bean in existence three days' warning, at least' would have been given of the recent cyclone which caused tile disasters  The aanivenarj of *&♦ Xiaara Methodist Qbnreb was oefebratedoa Soaday last, -when the forvXI*. Booney, of Feter&barg,-reRa-ed tbrse dmet to wry large congregations. | On Monday evening a pnblio meeting rvrairlxiM. vrfton BilrirAaaAn nau oimn by the Bevs. F. L. Booaeyil...£U B. Tamer* and E^ Akoold^ Gpeoial singing was given by the choir binder the oondaotorsbip of Miss Wilkinson, Mist GoJeoflSoiating at tbeorga^ A sapper followed and was well Mtended The proceeds were wry eatisfaatory/ ; A enehre sarirr mstS Smxaa la mlA _«f the funds of the Lanra Oval Oommit tee will be held in tine laara Town on Wednesday &ext,: April, SO; The :last pwty^ having WeQsBch asnoceBs from social and fiaanaUl #tandpoint, it has been decided. ta. hold, these tanctions month|^. 7? j. ; As appears by sjdvertuene&ft is another ookmn a pabUfc meeting o! all interested in ifae Unra Literary Society U called for tfooday evening next.. As Literary Societies .are 9laY£ mg roeb an , important part in jaonVU ing the, Uves ol most of oar mocWs* men and woman iodaji itip bq^ thM the young seople-^oi^aara will *aS fall advantage of the :«pportn*y attd band thcmselv«ft .togethsr J^ «eff unprovementh and- T thus : jcett tebheW selves np-khdato rWtbet Uuinvm isto ?leepy way^baokiJ .... .-y :^ ? ' The nominations for members of Board of Advioe are due on April 28. The retiring member oi the Lasra Boatd of Advice is Mr. W. B ills. Nominations eboald reach the District Beturning -Officer (the Head Teachs* of the Lanra School) before noon oa ' Monday, April 28. If more than the required number of candidates an nominated, an eleofeion by ballot will^ be held on Saturday, May 3l. * The last days are announced by ? advertisement tor the pnrchase of tickets in the Bight Hours Great Art Union, in which the First Pris- offered is rained at £600, or, at an alternative, the winner may have a Twelve Months' Trip Rouod the World, all expenses paid, and £100 in cash for incidentals, or Sight Months' Trip for Two Persons. This is the 67 Annual Demonstration held by the Eight Hours Committee, and the Art Union is organised in oonneo. fcion with the ssme, the proceeds being devoted to the publio hospitals of Australia, nearly £2,000 having been distributed each Tear for fcha mut. fnR. yeare. Among the tickets sold by Mr. Heide, the Interstate Bepresena* tlve, during the last three years, were no. fewer than 112 prizewinners, whioh included first, second. anrFth;^ on two oooasione, as well as a large number of the other more important, prize. The tiokets are One Knitting each, and may be obtained from the looal agenb, or from the represents* ~ live, Mr. Theo. W. Heide, 163 Flinden-lane, Melbourne, Dentist Klls wilJ vJsN I*or* oa Friday, April 25, from ft pjn, aDd Batorda;, April S8k all day and even ^ ing. He may be oonsulted at W. Bill's sample rooms free of charge* Dentist Bills f& the only dentist visiting. \ Lanta^rho n ^oaltJSBd by examination to pwtwe biB prolMBioD^ PaHente repairing dsntal^atiUnbion will there fore be wiBetoeonsaU him thletrip- ''[ as aatdsfaotioB. :iis guaranteed, ApnointnftntB *ay ttttde be with Mr* Somenaeftil sugg^eHons regarding the developments' 'of Central and ^» Northern Aaatralia were oflered by Mr* D, J. jOordoii, Jtflja^ to tb» Northern Territory Railways Com. mission ou Tuesday. He expressed' the opjnioB that ** The Northern Territory was a misnomer. The country oompriBed over £28,000. eqaare mileB, wai tf| times the size '' of dreat Britain, and represented nearly one sixth af'^e total area ot Avstcatia. He suggested that the bum be aoanged.to *TerritorW or, aa it was next to Qawinaland, t» ' Kingsland^ Here Mr. David Lindsay (a member of the OommissionV interposed with th» vemark ' Whjr not give U ite original name of Alexandra landtf* ? Mr. Gordon stated Sooth Australia's caw for « diteob taiiway ffomaocth. to soatbA -* at provided in the transfer agreement with; tiie €ammoBweakh- A trans- Australian Kae^ he «atd, ahonld taka- the. most direct «s*t» praotioablei. He 4bpxeoated - the or«r-empha- eiaiDg of railitsty ooneiderations*. *' vhltMl- flhnalA 4t&bsl. JUatV^nil niaAa.4. ? ?'. Blt™ ?. ?' ' ?'?? ' ? ??» ??nF^MiH r Hiovg TUT tndofiiiriajk expansion- and commernal ,' and agtieuitiual tlahns. Be hail ooms , tQ^tha ooaeimtlon that tb» developDaeniof the Territory mast aeceaaarfly 4-e ? slow f-rooes», Tha. evo^atioo aM»t :fcegfar-?9|itb- pastoral aotivity— oatcle and hwsea and sheep,. The *-heejfc wonld- in some boalities. hate to be aecHmatit^dand possibly a new tf pe «volv«d. ?- -Ehett wonld follow/ in a few pick** pUoes tgticulture in Its rwut fomu. WtAag would, of iinnrnn hn rlnnn wfrtiiM fm »i ? i 1 1 * - great mistake wonld to made lT*c4 machattvntooavaseeiid^tratedwoa the topical ooaetal diitriota at the-, outset. Se bidnot euggestthat thft experiments now being oondaobed ia tl» tropical portions of the Territory sbottld bsdisoontSoued; butthe prin* «ipaJnj»v«ment should b* from aonlb to north, froaithet-temptirtte region towaeds the ttcpleal. In CWtt».i. Australia the olimatiaro^nditions were. .mnjHmritojf*k-'-v*mm north; hoth jbr matt and beasts -rad«vcNorwo6a, annotiQQesln our #«B*f« «*'^htoVtil*nMb« to. ^vSsit idAira, bh^rlaav. M.«« tok«» «e taay becootultisd free of oharsa at the La^ra HeteL Mr. Mummery will also visit Booloroo -ten^e on aal» f^35S?W'iy*' M»^ammery * ' m well known in the district, havinj or* number of years tta?eUed thl * A deputation consisting of the ,.- Mayor id OoondHorsoJ the Lanra CJorporation, Mr. W. Wilson. J.P. (Chairman of tbe Bjoyoohe District ?* OoonaUJ, and about twenty or thirty -ljuwnew men end parenta went to the - statdoD on Saturday morning last i to interview thoHon. J. & Bioe rChief Secretary and Acting Minister of Education) in regard to establiBbing a , ? Sixth ol«ss at Laura, arrangemetits hiving previously been made with tue UQniatec to wait on him on the arrival of the Booleroo Centre wain. Great was the disappointment and annoyaoea-vhen on the arrival of tbe train it was found there was uo Minister on board. About an hour, after th« train haS left a wire was received from Mr. Bice stating that ; ' fait plane had been altered, as he waa teeallea* to the City via Terowie. Indignation was freely expressed by those present at Mr. Bice's laxiiy m ..b !.!.»»;?»- riiam of hia altered p^aua ear!wr in the day. ' iianra residente had a great treat on Thursday evening last when , (»eiae.nt Wragge. the eminent «stronomsr~ and and. meteorologist, ' presented his popular lecture, 'A r ybyage through the Universe,' to a '? crowded audience in the Laura Town Halt. It -would be w«U nigh impjr ^able to«onvey Co anyone who was not there any idea t-f the remarkable soope embraosd in this wonderful leoture. It U necessary to seo and hear this scientist to get any conception. By , the help of laotera views Mr, Wragge handled his subject in a masterly manner and held his audience spell. ' bound ai he showed and explained the great wonders of the universe. The ' ' mighty sunB rolling at inconceivable AiafknMka thrnnoh «nace. in their ooantleBB millions apon millions are tdmoit too much for the mind to . grasp^andwasitfiWingthattheleotnrer should say 'The Heavens declare the glory of God and the Earth showeth His handiwork. Mr. Wragge dw#lb eaphatioatly on Intelligence ' and Design and Great-Central Power. ??Science and True Religion are one' asserted- the lecturer, No sane man oouldlrolf be an atheist and science had rwe«Ied wigdom and beneficence. There oonld-be no death for what was ««Ued death was bat change. Science *pd religion were one and indivisible, and the study of Mtronomy assisted in tbe realisation of this fact. Com . plaints were made about half empty churches, bat if clergymen dwelt otbener on those sublime themes whiob sosehb to ?nligbten on the majesty of God's creations sueh would tiot be the ease, and something would be given t? cause refleotion through the week and develop the sense of reverence and )ove- Photos were flashed on the ' soreenihe spots betokening gigantio dUturbanaea Blithe «nn. Mr; Wrasge ?xplsjnedhow these son spots affected the- weather. Beautiful pictures of , ^qe moon were shown on tbe Bcreen, and the audience listened in wrapt T sAtoation^as the wonders of a long ' since dead world were pointed out to them. After the lecture Mr. Wragge STe a, farther address on Badium. e showsd ' a piece of pitoh blende Jm also showed the 'Alpha' rays Ihrown off hy the ' metal, and also the '''. Gramma rays penetrating through ?_ olothlng. hats, etc - &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; HAlbetfc Kail/ Brooo, gives the follow. . , inf foreoast for the 1913 season in the * ?*EyrVs .Peninsular Trtbuue' :— We ?hall have one of the wettest April* for six vests. People Jiving *n,lowr lying coantry are- warned of floodr waUrS. Beloie: April J8 we may expect useful geo'sralrainitbronghout the State, and extremely heavy rains in pkoes, Tbe rains will be oaised «« . ' _ V_ __ ,_ ' _1 A._^^bSK^^ . - ^kf snA^nwiBATsSll ? ' ' vnroogn s 9wiHoeaw;Aui n«w«w«' and. sub-tropical depressions, begin ning with gaety norlh-eastily winds ' ' veering to north^wesr, and later to southwest with rough sees. There wfll b« some ttvete thandetstonns. For May we can anticipate further useful falls. June will have about the average rainfall, with some severe frosts. July rainr will be more eoastaV with some severe frosts to follow, and August nsefull rains, probably heavy after tbe middle of tbe montb. September — Hardly up to the average rainfall, cyclonic winds between ohanges. October — Steady, useful, and probably fairly general rains, and before the middle of the month. November— Some heavy partial r thunderstorms. December — Heavy1, rains, and probably before Christmas So the result of the season of 1913, from a farmer's point of view, will be somewhat similar to the season 1012, although some of the northern areas tw wen tortnoate last season nay be more lucky this time. The squatter will have an extremely good season.' BONNINGTON'S IRISH MOSS. With -the winter months come coughs and odds, bronchits, Influenza, and asthma. . GrownupB and children are alike affected,' but either may get equal relief from 'BONNINGTON'S.'  CHEATING , THE CYCLONE. A SURVIVORS GRAPHIC NARRATIVE. Told at first hand the overwhelming fury of the great Nor'-West cyclone can be more vividly realised. Amongst the many vessels which experienced the full force of the storm and ultimately drifted ashore was the Whim Creek Co.', lighter Steady, which was wreck ed on Depuch Island, but from which all hands were saved. One of her complement Mr. Chas. Turner, of Claisebrook-roade East Perth, has just arrived in the city, and to a representative of the "West Australian" yesterday he gave the following graphic de scription of his experiences: "We started out from Balls Balla," began Mr. Turner, "onthe afternoon of March 19, having aboard seven passengers and a crow of three. There was a light breeze blow inn, and we made a good passage out to the Crown of England, for which ship we were carrying stores. After leaving her side we proceeded to the, anchorage off Depnch Island to await the arrival of the Bullarra, which was due that night. Towards day light a breeze sprang up from the north east, which became stronger at sunrise and increased in' strength as the morning ad. vanced. We noticed three boats coming in towards us. Thesi, turned out to be three luggers belonging to the pearling fleet. They ran inside where we were lying and dropped anchor. After some time, however, they mov ed around to the south-east end of the island near Moore Island, where, as we learned afterwards, they lost one lugger and two men. Two other men (both Japanese) swam to the mainland, a distance of two miles, and arrived at Balla Balls naked four days afterwards. When.the wind increased our skipper thought it advisable to make a move towards Balls Balla. We accordingly be gan to beat in. When we attempted to go about on our first tack the boat missed stays, and while in irons drifted well down towards the rocks. We got away, however, but on making a second attempt we again missed stays and drifted down so close to the Clio (another of the company's lighters which had been trying to unload upon the Concordia,'but had been prevented by the rough weather), that we were obliged to drop anchor once more. The Clio. which was only a stone's.throw from the Steady, and ourselves then settled down to BATTLE OUT THE STORM -such a storm as none of us had ever experi enced or ever will again, I hope. The wind had now risen and we all realised that we were in for a bad time. A heavy sea was running, and to crown everything rain began to fall. The lighter had no hatches, and we therefore had no place in which to shelter. The copper which we carried was loaded on the deck. and there was only a small hatchway down the fore peak which we had to nail up in order to keep the water out. We tried many times to fasten the mainsail over the deck but as often as we did so the force of the wind broke it adrift again. The rain soon drenched us to the skin. Through the storm we could sea the two ships, Concordia and Crown of England, being tossed hither and thither much as we were ourselves. We next discoverey that the Steady was dragging her anchor, so we dropped another, which .held her again. Still the wind increased, and the raging seas continually broke over the vessel's bows, and wet us again and again. There were on board only sufficient provisions for one day, with the result that on the second day we had only one tin of salmon and oge potato each. During the afternoon we had a chance of getting ashore in daylight, for if we had let go the anchors the wind and tide would have taken us in. But the skipper thought he could save the boat, so we held on. With the rain came a thick mist, and it was only at intervals that we could see even the Clio. About 6 o'clock the motor launch heaved in sight, and pre sently anchored almost opposite us. She brought with her Messrs. Hill, Maguiness, and Thomson, who had come out to meet the Bullarra. Leaving them on board the Clio, the launch put off again for Ball Bila. which she reached safely after a stoniy pas sage. Night brought down with it an inky darkness. I do not think one soul on board will ever forget it. All the while the storm was gathering in fury. Very few words were spoken except when a wave wpuld sweep over the deck and nearly swamp us. The cold was intense. There was no galley on the ship, and all we had was a firepot, to light a fire in which was impossible. So we spent the night. Just after daylight the gale appeared to lessen, but the next moment it was blowing harder than ever. We could hear the cables straining against the boat, and feared every moment they would carry away. There was one thing to be thankful for; WE HAD NO CROAKERS ON BOARD. The morning of the third day broke, bring ing with it still more intense gold, ard every gust that came sweeping along seemed strong enough to lirL us out of the sea. About 6 o'clock that morning we noticed that the Crown of England was beginning to drift shorewards. If her anchors failed to hold we knew that nothing short of a miracle could save her. Then someone on board the Steady shouted, 'we are drifting.' It was only too true, for every minute we were leaving the Clio further behind. Oyt went the third anchor, and again we lay to. We had to keep the pumps going in order to prevent the boat from swamping. About midday the Crown of England had drifted above the rocks, and' when the tide went down we knew she must settls down 'pon them. As we rose to a gigantic w e-e we could distinguish her plainly, and when we sank into the trough only the top of her mrstas would be visibht. About this time the liglter Enteroris-., which was anchored about a mile nearer Balks Balls thin we were disappeared round the sonth-east side of the'aland. We anscer tained subsequently that dlie becsme a total wreck, hbut that' all hands, even Ihe sir cheep, reached shore safely. She had a crew of Greaks, ant an Englishman and aii Afghan as la.sengers. ' Of the eight Greeks employed cn the ligbtero only one was drowncd. Night set in again without there being any sign of the storn: abating. If possible the wind was ever. more fierce. It fairly hiow;ed throgh the rigging, and for two or three hours we were so tossed about that we made sure we should all go 'to the bottom. Somewhere about 9 b clock we heard a snap. One of the cables had car ried away. To add to cur troubles we found that the boat was THREE-FARTS FULL OF WATER. We had now been wet, without sleep, and almost without food for 62 hours. Mean wh'lo the boat drifted on-no one knew where, except that it was towards the shore. The question was: Would chance take :s upon some small patch of sr nd or upon the hard cruel rockg upon which we m.tst in evitably have been dashed to pieces? The Savits were now continuously washing over the boat. We kept the lead going, and the first few soundiogs gave sand. The craft was of course drifting stern on, and we all gathered together there prepared to jump for our lives when the crash came. All at once the lead gave rock. Then for the first time I felt my heart sink. But only for a moment. I remembered that some of the ithars could not swim, whereas I could, so I began to thick that after all matters might have been worse for me. We drifted on, passed over the rocky zone, and in a trice grounded on the sand. The en suing wave shot us up ;o within 10 yards of the beu:hr, and the next within a few feet of dry lami. More than one of us' said, 'Thank God.' We were not long in scrambling ashore, .hough the back wash came very close to sweeping us off o:ur feet. Ashore we had another difficulty to face. The flying sand and shell tra velled .vith such speed through the air as to almost bt ry themselves in our flesh. We climbed over the sand ricge with difficulty, and with some wet blankets over us lay down to await the dawn. It seemed' an eternity before daylight appeared. Somewhere about 3 in the morning I heard voices calling out, but could not tell from which direction the sounds came. All through the night we could hear the Crown of England breaking up on the rocks. It reminded one of some big foundry and steam hammers at work upon steel plates. At .daybreak I got up. Around me were small mounds of sand, each mound marking the spot where lay one of my mates still asleep. Climbing to the top of the sand ridge I could see the remains of the boats. Th' Steady was high and dry where we had left her. The Clio was 100 yards out under water, and her sails were torn to ribbons. The Concordia was aground near by, but as the tide rose again she swung round towards the rocks. The Crown of England lay on the rocks A COMPLETE WRECK. Going down to the Steady I saw on the Clio what, appeared to be a piece of sail, but which afterwards turned out to be two men clinging to the rigging. With the help of the crew of the Steady we were able to get the men ashore, and we then started off for the wreck to see if we could be of any use there. We had not gone far before we came across the first body, that of the only Englishman on board, who had a life belt on. A little further on we found an other body, also fully dressed and with a lifebelt. Further on again we picked up what was left of the unfortunae cabin boy. Then ve came to a pile of rocks on which were huddled together the captain and the remainder of his crew. They presented a pitiable sight, and had been very roughly handled by the waves land rocks. They had another body with them on some timber just below where they were sitting. We walked down- to where the ship lay, and the tide being out we obtained a good view of her. Her hull was in three pieces, while other portions of her were scattered about the shore. The bodies were -removed above'high water mark, and we set about-collecting some of the pro visions which had been washed m. Resurmng to camp we had our fikat good meal for four days.We had not known that tinned dog could be so appetising. After a brief speo we renewed the search for bodies, and found those of Messrs. Macguiness and Hill, and the steward and second mate 'of the Crown of England. The last two named had evi dently come ashore on two hatches, which were lying beside them. Mr. Hill, a fine specimen of manhood, had only his boots on. He mnest have put up a game fight. Some Greeks I spoke to told me that Messrs. Mac gwuess, mu, ara itnomoon nsa slung on to the rigging for some time, but that they had then determined to make for the shore. Mr. Hill had shouted 'Good-bye,' and that was the last they had seen of them. A lug ger had now arrived from Balls Balla "n charge of Captain Erickson, of the Concor dia. k After a consultation it was thought advisable to bury most of the bodies on the island. A spot for THE ISLAND GRAVES was selected on the highest part of the sand ridge under a hill of rock, and with shovels taken from the Steady a number of us soon hadan extensive grave dug. The bodies were then carried up the hill, and placed side by side, the two skippers reading the burial service n Norwersan. As the bodies were being placed in the grave I noticed that that of the Englishman seemed almost to clasp hands with that of the Norwegian next to it. The thought flashed through my mind, 'Brothers 'n death.' The grave was then filled in, and a door from one of the ship's cabins was erected to mark the spot. It was an awesome sight to see those poor mangled bodies lying side by side. I shall. never forget the scene, neither I think will any of the others.' It was not until the morning after that the Folice launch came across from Cossack and took us into Balla Balla. I am sure none of us was sorry to get away from Depuch Island and all its ter-ible associations." MR. WRAGGES VIEW. To the Editor. Sir,-Just allow me to ay, in simple jus tice, that if the Central Weather Bureau, Brisbane, had been in existence-the annual vote for which did not exceed £1500 per annum--thres days' warning at least would have ben given of the recent cyclone off the North-West coast of Australia.-Yoars, etc., CLEMENT L. WRAGGE. Chiltern, Victoria, March 29.  SAYINGS OF TO-DAY AND YESTERDAY. Circumstances alter kisses.-Caro lyn Wells. Many are men of probity-until you begin to probe.-J. Whitman. The man who can't remember when he was a fool is one yet.-Strickland Gillian. About the only way a woman can keep a secret is to keep it going. Nathan Levey. Woman: A being to run away from, or with-as the case may be.-Elbert Hubbard. Young men, I have to advise you to try to be good rather than great. You'll have less competition.-T. Lawson. The wages of sin is exposure.-Es telle Klauder. A high old time lays many a man low.-Cole Blease. On the door of success is "push," in brass.-Upton Sinclair. Lots of people will take everything for granted, except a hint.-Green wood Lake. 'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all, but it isn't so cheap.-Sam Stimson. The trouble with the average mar ried man is that he doesn't know what a jewel his wife is till he comes to put her in a casket.-General Sickles. "Northerner" writes:-Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain which promises and never comes, it is curious to note that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before. Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week. and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it. It isn't so much that a woman wouldn't, but she hates to think that you think she would.  The Week Is it not time that we faced the position squarely and told some of our canny politicians to drop this nonsense about the war being against the wish of "the great German people"? The great German people is solidly and en thusiastically behind the Kaiser and his mili tary advisers. Every witness who comes to us from Europe brings fresh evidence of it. Whether a German disaster will shake that faith and support is another question. Now, it is there. It is the great German people with whom we are at war, the people whose women and children and old men are doing the work of the fields and the cities In order to support the able-bodied warriors. We are embroiled with a nation of fighting-men. The people is the army and the army is the people. Courtesy should not be allowed to blind us to facts. • » . * One hundred thousand pounds is to be sent to Belgium by the Federal Labor Government. The gift comes well .from a Government which holds democratic principles dear to its heart. Belgium has done the world an incalculable service, for whether Germany wins or loses on the general issue of this war, the little Fries land State, whose origin lay in the hardy free landers of times past, has secured a permanent place in civilisation. Not all the gold in the Empire can repair the loss of the great souls who fell for modern freedom at Liege; but gold can rehabilitate a State which shall be ever worthy to stand between nLght and right. Motley, in a memorable line, said of the Neth erlands that commerce plucked up half-drown ed Holland by the locks and poured gold into her lap. Britain can do as much for Belgium, and Australia is to help first with a money gift and later .with trade patronage. Seekers after permanent peace are busy in Melbourne. They have formed an alliance out of the Trades Hall Council, the Socialist Party, the Hairdressers' and Wig-makers' Union, and some others. They are resolved that the pres ent war shall :be the last, just as much as the diplomats of Europe resolved that it should never happen at all. Perhaps it will be the last racial war between the great national divi sions of civilised Europe; but there are the Chinese to consider, in Asia, the negroes to be reckoned with-in America; and after that the world-wide antagonisms which must be crushed between class and class" before the millennium dawns. It's^a long way to Tipper ary, as the soldiers sing in the trenches, but poor, valiant old humanity will reach its blessed haven some day, and no doubt the cpurse will be shortened a trifle by all such humble but good-intentioned efforts as these peace-lovers among the Trades Hall Council lors, Wig-makers and Socialists put forth. . Smith, an English wireless operator on a Mexican steamer, when ordered to send offers of coal to the German cruiser Leipzic, immedi ately wrecked the instruments. What hap pened to Smith the cable does hot tell. The brief tale of his heroism , cuts out even his in itials. Perhaps the cabler thought it didn't matter; there are so many million British Smiths in the world, and most of them would have done it if they had been given the chance. Good old Smith! One doesn't envy him his trials alone in the hands of an exasperated Mexican skipper and crew, but the big British D he uttered when he declared he wouldn't help hi? country's enemy must have been an entirely satisfactory mouthful to him at the time. • • • Governments hesitate over the issue of paper money, but if the credit of the Common wealth is not good amongst the people of the Commonwealth it is a pretty blue lookout for it elsewhere. To let our industry be para lysed when we can help each other to keep it going is a palsied form of madness which Australians should not tolerate. Ordinary or conservative banking methods will not serve us in this time of crisis, but, if we are cour ageous and prompt to act, we can And, in the midst of misfortune, a means of giving a fillip to Australian industry that will work to our lasting prosperity. We have before us the example of France, where state banks and paper currency, backed by a stout-hearted and loyal nation of workers, redeemed the country from bankruptcy and raised it to a high place in the finance of the world. Our State Gov ernments in Australia have much pressing and important work to be done, and the suggestion that the Commonwealth should finance them by the issue of extra notes may be the best way out of the money difficulty in which the war has placed us all. • # • Randwick racecourse costumes revealed the fact that Sydney women are wearing bustles. They are hidden away when possible in soft folds of silk and taffetas, but they are being worn. "Tlu-y liifl nif away in ii cupboard, thoy flung me aside in scorn," The battered old bustle blubbered; "I "wish Id never been born. They took me from my place of pride. And left me with my shame to hide, In dusty darkness to abide Till I came to my own at Rand wick; once more I am being worn." Sing welcome home to the bustle that lias been away so long; The skirts that flow and rustle keep tune with this glad song. Though cunningly it's stowed away, Tt still is being worn to-day. And probably nas come to stay. Whut-ho! the crush in the tram-car of a bustling bustled throng. We've looked at a Grecian garment on a saucy Sydney girl. And maybe there was no harm meant, but she set our hearts a-whlrl. Young knuts and greybeards turned to stare, And noted what she chose to wear— They noted, too, what wasn't there Oh. it's down on the Sydney beaches you must go to look for a pearl. Now, the thinking job before her will be hard enough to hurt. For the Sydney summer's coming with a most amassing spurt. How very difficult 'twill be Kven a mere male man may see; But trust the Sydney maiden, she Will harmonise the bustle with the brief pellucid skirt. This is the song of the bustle that is built of the finest steel; The milliners have to hustle—freak fashion sets her heel Upon each gracious curve and line, And, though simplicity's design Pleads hard against its fate condign, The loud triumphant bustle takes heed of no appeal • • • Australian wool-growers are filled with de light at the successful sales of wool in London, giving promise of a good yield from the colon ial clip, which has been stored beyond- its due date for fear that there would be a drop in prices or a failure in the demand. As a fact, war has caused a new demand for wool, which was being pushed out of the market by shoddy cotton stuffs in the time of peace. For sol diers in the field, good woollen garments are necessary to enable them to stand the rigor?, of a winter campaign. And so in many lines of manufacture the cloying prosperity of peace was causing a degeneracy in trade which the fierce efficiency of war will eclipse. "Northerner" -writes:—Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain which promises and never comes, it is curious to note that when the Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off -before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats itself we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean Anti-cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl-fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early mon soon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a v ^ can do with it. * » * Politicians are worried about ti - • this country's export trade as a « , of the war. The decline is due in a r0 demand on cargo boats to take awa. ;roop&lt; and therefore it is temporary. vh&lt;x there are a dozen odd German jn rusting in Australian ports for a jr . ,1 ;l on these that Andrew Fisher has hi- v.Iihi he talks of running a Commonweal 0{ oversea steamers. The only good U,i , -...ss^s do new is to furnish Admiralty eon; vye-v with fat fees for out-of-date and en argu ments as to the disposal of cargo ami ;orth. All this extravagant talky-talky cuuln ,ijs. pensed with if the Federal Governm just commandeered the vessels and coinm ioncl them for the export trade which .so urgently needs them. Melbourne City Councillors talk of rounding off the Swanston and Flinders-street comer by buying out Young and Jackson's and pushing the pavement back over the building line. Consider ing how many millions of citizens have "round ed off" the day at that historic corner, and how many millions more will continue to do so if the Germans don't annoy us and consecrate the spot to a statue of the Kaiser, the City fathers had better take heed how they lay sac rilegious hands on it. A less sentimental rea son against this proposed piece of iconoclasin is that when the new railway depot is es tablished on the east side of Swanston-street, it will be St. Paul's corner that will get a good deal of the crowding, and it might be better and safer to make the expansion of the foot path on this side. The funny old toothprick fence which surrounds the Cathedral is an eye sore at the entrance to the city and, if it were removed, the public could use the Cathedra! ground as an extra footway and, by so doing, pass at least within the shadow of sanctity. * • • Increasing old-age pensions, extending public works, running a Commonwealth line of steam ers, and insisting on a uniform railway gauge throughout the continent are some items in the Fisher Government's show-window speech at the opening of Parliament. No doubt they will do all this and more if the money for the pur pose can be borrowed from abroad, but it is safe to bet that lots of water will pass under the bridge before Great Britain will be induced to lend cash for these schemes. After all, they only represent what the Ministry would like to do if they have the chance. What they will have to do is to invent some means of defray ing the debt caused by the war, work for the expansion of industries, and provide some means for the rehabilitation of any exports which have been stopped through the exigen cies of the war. In the bombardment of Antwerp the works of the Minerva cars have been wrecked. This factory was one of the most complete and up to-date in Europe, whilst the car that bears this name is recognised as being the finest and most successful sleeve-valve of engine made. All the leading automobile factories of Belgium have now been practically destroy ed. In France little has been hear' as to whether the various large motor factor/es have been wrecked. • • • It has been left for a Frenchman, M. nfjues Dalcroze, to discover that the best brain exer cise is rhythmic dancing. It is the has i of all education, greatly increasing the child rind's receptivity for knowledge. Why not a only the system all round? When Mr. Fisher is ; .riving to enunciate a big bold policy, a Scoot hh reel in front of the Speaker's chair will he the natural preliminary to "his oration. Th- • aucus dancing its brains into working order ■ ruld be a glorious spectacle. Before perform in.- a deli cate operation, a great surgeon should dance a tango with the nicest nurse in the ward. Per haps it would be carrying it too far • -1 push it into the pulpit, but some of the ev jc.gelists have come fairly close to dancing a jig curing their passionate appeals. It would greatly heighten the public appreciation of journalism if the two great editors of Melbourne, cogita ting on articles to stir the communiiy. tripped it lightly along St. Kilda road on their way to ColLns-street, and in order to prepare the minds of their readers for the powerful mes sage, the first leader of the day should com mence with the words, "Hey-tiddly-umpty* umpty-um." * # * No other of all the weekly illustrated journals associated with morning newspapers in tne Commonwealth capitals has given to a hunger ing public anything like the number and variety of war pictures served out by the Sydney 'Mail."' The progress of that increasing" popular publication has been notable of la* years, and now it appears that , 0u;' on special machin . r^uipun-:: 10 turn out the best 7 ;in>tr:iti"' - from a rotary press at a " is bringing its reward. Very evi - -'L is the tact of what an elaborate and , ostein ' f photo collection and in 1 s't have been in vogue. Right from Cdimiujrof hostilities the "Mali" has been - .im-in'-i picture-? of such a topical charac r, ,! convincing in interest as to leave no Ihat tile "A! all." no less than the high "v'sts of Kaiseiuom, had prepared for "the f,v" Sow pictures from distributing centres i„'j pinion are beginning to filter through to Au'traba to tell their own tales ef gory scenes, gut so far it has been one scoop after another (or the "Mail." ^ ^ U'estralia, with an adult population of 1;«.,-mi. has by tome miracle got 213,671 names m die electoral roll. Here is a crushing an nvtr far those crusted conservatives who used t"llS.iy thai if .van gave votes'to all the people ^■'wouldn't value them. This advanced jj.p has si re" every adult citizen a vote and thrown in an owra 23,000 votes for luck, so ila. any democrat who has a belief that he can 1 jervc his century by voting early and often can &lt;13 himself full justice. The West is pro gressive. k has dragged itself well ahead of the one-adult-onc-vote .habit. Members of the Chamber of Commerce have complained that a check on their telephone traffic shows them to have been over-charged bv the department to the extent of from 15 to 25 per cent. The discrepancy is too great to be explained away by the theory of an im perfect check in the merchants' offices, and, unless Mr. Spence is filled with the same de sires as a former P.M.G., who was overjoyed at the prospect of "tickling up Collins-street," lie should cause strict inquiry to be made. An amusing incident occurred in a big Melbourne office a little while ago. The employes were obliged to make constant use of the 'phone, both for the office and for themselves, and a supply of colored discs was placed near the instrument. An office call was marked by put ting a white disc in a box and a private call by putting a red disc in another box. An at tendant collected the coppers for the private calls. When the bill came in and the disc checks were counted the office record of calls was far greater than the number charged. It turned out that many of the staff used to put la three discs when they made a call, because they reckoned they would certainly forget to do so next time. That office gave up check ing and paid without a murmur. • • • The crew of. the steamer Canberra struck because they did not approve of the cook, but when the owners gave ear to their protests the Cooks' Union stepped in and said that the Canberra cook was quite good enough. And hciween the disputing unions the steamer was held tip punt her time in port, and the court was invoked to solve the knotty problem as to whether the cook ought to be kept. What a wonderful nation is this that can keep ocean liners from their course while grave magis trates decide on the skill of the ship's cook. Central Am rican republics have nothing more Pantomimic in their daily revolutions. * * * If you oh hi a flake of paint off the law a queer Snoot thing it sometimes becomes. Fifty-five no-".i were wandering round Melbourne the other hoy, liable to arrest on a charge o ship descnlon, but they could not be app bended v. ; hnut warrants, and the warr could not issued without half-crown stamps. The polii:i. offices not being in the habi issuing warrants by the bushel, had _not sui - cient stin ■ .. *. The shipping company s iawy«i, no less a i --son than the Arbiter of Eiegance Mr. W. >; Oroker, didn't have any particular preference o the matter of arresting the men —he wauH-i the lot. Had any other lav^® been ham,; mi? the affair, goodness knows now iong the t. --le would have persisted, but mi. Croker's vie would coax a stamp out oi ine most inaccessible desk in Melbourne, ana, after an hour's scouting under his directio , tue police cfncers secured enough stamp carry the through. How would the London Police have fared with their arrests of thous ands of German reservists and agents it y had had to van round looking for stamps. • ■ • • Irrigation farmers are reaping a Tich kar vest in this year of drought. The money fv making by leasing their lucerne patches a is rates for th« saivation of starving stock wu enable them to increase their cultivation ana improve their standing even in the ardi J Fears of general fair rainfall and lower_pnces. Lucerne growing, which has,.been consistently advised by .\]r. Ehvood Mead, need not be eon . "f ,to th,;' present irrigation districts. . ^ e Welder .plant will grow anywhere thai er can t,e obtained, and on. many of tn open paddocks around Melbourne, "when1 die land-boomer has been checked in his little gambols by the hard times, lucerne could be produced with proiit with the aid or the abun dant water supply from die Van Yeua. • • • The pld dodge of one thief of a pair taking all the .blame in order to set his "cobber" free failed in a Melbourne Court the other day. In Sydney quite recently it was tried success fully and had an absurd sequel. A woman was caught red-handed, according to witnesses, in an act of theft. Another woman of totally dif ferent appearance swore that it was she who had done the stealing. The prosecution's wit nesses swore positively to the identity of the accused. The jury, however, accepted the story of the witness and acquitted the accused. "Now," said the smiling solicitor for the de fence, "I'd like to know what the Crown is going to do about this witness?" Prosecuting counsel had to admit promptly that the Crown could do nothing; its witnesses could not turn round and swear to the second woman us the thief; so that there was no evidence. Another legal obstacle lay in the path of a perjury charge, and so the woman who was accused by the police and the woman who was accused by herself each went her way rejoicing. No examination as to which was really the guilty party is needed to show that the law was very prettily fooled. An extra small sum of money has been placed on the estimates for snagging the River Yarra above Dights Falls. It would not cost a great deal to put In a small lock at the falls so that row-boats and launches could have the full run of the stream whose upper reaches are lovely for summer boating. The work will be appreciated 'by the workless at this period, and the lock would be a boon to river-men, who would willingly pay a toll for the lock service and thus defray the whole cost of the under taking. Melbourne needs to be freed from the imputation that it has no sights for visitors except the Zoo, the Waxworks, the Botanical Gardens, and the Springthorpe monument in the Kew Cemetery. The Yarra is a scenic asset that mignt spread the fame of the city far and wide among holiday-makers, and induce them to stay a few weeks after the Cup is run. * * ♦ That was a good suggestion of the Poultry and Kennel Club to send some thousands of frozen birds for use in London's war hospi tals. In the appeal there is a full explanation of how the birds will be treated and despatched, but they also asked for eggs, and did not make any reference to the manner of their handling. The fact recalls an incident in a Melbourne suburb. Little Tommy was collecting eggs from out-of-the-way nests in a big rambling garden. They carried no certificate of birth. Tommy took them all to a tub of water and explained to the watching visitor: "If dey sink, ve gif 'em to farver; if dey f'oat ve send 'em to ve Germans." In a list of the most unprofitable lines in Victoria appears the railway running to the Cemetery at Fawkner. This, of course, is a trip which every citizen would avoid if pos sible, although he can be guaranteed a special carriage and .have his fare paid toy his rela tives. Evidently, the State has not yet learned how to make profits as an undertaker, and one reason is that the cemetery line is reserved practically for funerals, when it might .well he utilised for increased settlement of the quick as well as of the dead along the route. There are thousands of open acres in this district which could be used for suburban residences if the Commissioners would only give a good railway service. • • • "Athos:—The papers are full of the starving stock in the country, and we hear tales of lambs being given away gratis and sheep sold for ninepence a head. "There is no export, no feed, and no market," says the producer. "But," says the man in the street, "I can't buy a sheep for ninepence, and nobody offers me even half 'a lamb for nothing. By the grace of the war, or the drought, or somebody else's grace, I am allowed to purchase chops for about a farthing less a pound or even less than I did six months ago, when sheep weren't 'dying in thousands' and lambs cast away on the roadside. T.he farmer says he can't sell or give away his sheep, but my own butcher and every other one raises his hands and says 'Mutton still dear.' Either the man who breeds the sheep, or the man who sells them as mutton, or the newspapers, must be colossal liars, or there is a leakage between mutton producer and mutton buyer that bad ly wants stopping." # • • Country members in Victoria are anxious to have the Melbourne tramways placed under the control of the Railway Department. No doubt they have an eye to the profits being used for the development of new railways, but they should get these on their merits without this adventitious aid. The Btreets in which the tramways run belong to the city and suburban councils, and the country shires have no legiti mate claim to tramway profits. The shires are having a magnificent service rendered to them in another dirction by the Country Roads Board, but some of them object that the roads are being made "too good" and designed to gratify motorists. In America every farmer is a motorist; with good roads provided for them, the farmers of this country will find more en joyment in motoring than the town people, who have not any particular interest in traversing long country roads, whereas the man on the soil will find in the flying wheel a salvation from the isolation which is the chief disadvantage of life on the land.  MORE SHOWERS AHEAD. ?Cloudy to dull weather prevailed through out the settled areas oa Wednesday, with showers at places in the south and south east, reoorted the meteorological denart menfc last night. In the city the morning was damp with misty showers, which since 9 a.m. registered 0.05. The afternoon, al though cloudy, was fine. During the 24 hours ended 8.30 a.m. light rain was re corded over the central and sonthern areas, but except for 0.47 at Uraidla the falls were all under 0.20, end in most cases below 0.10. A few light and scattered showers fell over the northern agricultural areas. This morn ing's weather chart shows that the anti cyclone has now drifted well over the con tinent, its centre resting over the interior north of the Bight, while the disturbance which brought the recent rain has moved over to New Zealand. To the south of Western Australia there is evidence of an other low-pressure wave, and as this moves eastward it should bring more showers, but unless the depression develops in intensity as it approaches this State the showers wall be chieflv coastal. Mr. Clement Wragge has supplied us with the following special advice and forecast, dated Tailem Bend, June 18, 2 p.m.:— The antarctic disturbance 'King Priam' has done exactly as we ex pected, in that he brought some useful rains over the southern . portions of South Aus tralia and Victoria, and has also developed considerable energy off the eastern States arid Tasmania. He will still affect the en tire coast between Brisbane, Sydney, and the Gippsland lakes; and many a blustering rainsquall will occur over the south-eastern corner of the Commonwealth. Brisbane, however, will experience strong cutting, cold westerlies, . and all south-eastern Queensland will be similarly affected, while heavy south-westerlies to southerlies will occursbetween , the McLeay River, Sydney, Gabo, and Hobart, with more littoral rain. Then old 'Priam' will make things pipe properly over the Tasman Sea, and Welling ton and Cook's Straits especially will be bombarded by his gales. One supreme ef fort should be made without a moment's delay, to refloat tie Indrabarah. There will be no escape from 'Priam', in New Zealand, so again we sav let the Dominion look out. 'Hecuba,' his queen, follows later in his wake, and. she promises, like some others of her kind, to be a little spit fire, especially south from the fortieth pa rallel. At present she is about 700 miles south-west^rom the Leeuwin. The nor thern edge or umbra of 'Hecuba' will again unsettle the weather in southern South Australia, and, this before 10 days have gone by. Probably more rain will fall nndsr her influence 'over the agricultural areas. Yet these intervening rains, notwithstanding the rainfalls, will continue to be under ave rage in terms of our seasonal .forecast is srsed . seven years ago. Melbourne and all southern Victoria, with Tasmania, will be affected by 'Hecuba' in course. Judge between us and the present weather bureau, cood public: are we right or wrong? Truth may be veiled and go ignored and unrecog nised by unthinking humanity, but the laws that keep, glowing the supernal torch still work pn impelled by the infinite dy namo of an eternal cosmos. After 'He- cuba' comes 'Queen Dido,' now in the neighbpurhood of the Crozets, but she is not due till early in July.  "How the Sun brings Rain and Drought." (By Clement Wragge.) Australia has a greater interest than perhaps any other country to the scientists. No other .part of the/world answers so quickly to the changing moods of the sun. it is a greac scientmc irutn tnat good and bad seasons in Australia depend mainly upon the-changing moods of the sun,' that follow each other in regular cycle. Birth of the Sun.' — The sun, great at he sems, is only a second rate variable star. Billions bf years ago he was born — sloughed off with others of his set from the main body of cosmic gases in this wonderful universe, in turn the sun gave birth to the Dinners or worlds, that form this tiny solar system, Mercury, Venus, the Earth, Mars, the Asteroids, Jupiter, San turn, Uranus, and' Neptune. The sun himself is only one of millions of other suns, some far better than himself. With them he helps to make up the Milky Way. The sun ac companied by the Solar. System is travelling on an unknown or? bit at the rate of 291 miles a minute, or 153 millions of miles a year along the Milky Way. In mass the sun is 330,000 times greater than the earth. In bulk 'he is 1,300,000 bigger. His dia meter is more than 860000 miles. He weighs 2 octillions of tons. The Sun with all his planets are but puny grains of luminous dust when cotiipared with the myriads of other suns. Only "a very small fraction of the sun's energy reaches us. - With this he made the hills and valleys ; with this he' divided the land arid sea, and filled each with every form of life. His rays paint the flowers and the butterflies' wings. They produce the gentle zephyrs or the strong gale. They play with the mists and fogs the dews and the rains.. The sun brings us our times' of drought and plenty, bur poverty and wealth, our sickness and health, our gladness and sor row. The sun being a second-class variable star, is subject to times of activity and times of compara- rest. The time from the quiet to the active mood is about three- and-a-half (3.52) years, and from 'the active to the next quiet mood about seven and a half (7.55) years During the suns period of great activity more and more of the suri- spots are observed, and during the times of comparative Test fewer, if any of them. The sun-spots are gigantic hurricanes, piercing, tearing, and ripping through the sun's three main atmospheres, with an energy of which the human mind cannot form the faintest conception. They are the centres of solar cyclone, and in the "hollows" formed by these this earth would lie like a pebble in the crater of the greatest vol cano. And as fire smoke and molten lava burst from volcano craters, so on, the sun's surface great red flames and storms affect the earth, though at a distance of 92,000,000 miles. Birth of the /earth. — The earth was thrown off from the sun in the state of a white heat, much as a emery wheel throws off a spark. That was 230 millions of years ago, if you strike the aver age betweeri astronomical & geo logical research. At once the earth began to cool off, and grad ually to solidify. About 30 million of years later the earth threw off te moon. At that time the earth was still hot and steaming, and was turning around on its axis once every three hours instead of once every .24 hours. All through these ages the earth gave its heat into space and cooled all the quicker, because at subh times it got less energy from the i sun. When the earth had cooled enough there came in turn all forms of vegetable, animal, and human life. The earth will go on cooling and contracting, and at length become lifeless as the moon now is. There is, however energy enough left to support life for .thousands of years to come. . When the sun is in one of its quiet mobds, there are few sun- spots, so of course it has not been sending forth as much heat and energy as formerly. The result is the earth has been cooling down more quickly. You know what happens if you. cool a hot stove too quickly by spilling cold water on it— it cracks. So too'the earth cooled so quickly in 1902 that it- cracked in places and, shook and spluttered.' When it shoox we had earthquakes, and tidal waves (The volcano disturbances in the West Indies, e.g., Martinique and St Vincent); when it spluttered we had hot springs exploding and volcanos active (the great physi cal excitement in the hot' lakes district); wheii it cracked, the sea was probably let into the fiery depths of the earth, and probably caused the Martinique disas ter. This also caused the seasons of drought andj the wonderful dis plays. of. the Southern lights. Needless then to say the Sun- spots affect the atmosphere. The weather depends upon the the atmosphere, and the atmosphere, being the lightest part of the earth, is affected by the sun more easily than any other part. On September 1st, 1859, Mr Car- Hngton, an astronomer, was watching the sun through his "smoked" telescope, when he saw a great flame that seemed to shoot across the dark centre of one of cyclonic sun-spots. In the twin kling of an eye, fearful magnetic disturbances occured on this planet — as though the sun and earth were connected by a short distance telephone. Magnificent displays of aurora burst forth from the polar latitudes in each hemisphere of earth. The whole electric condition of this little globe was affected. Magneto- graphs in the observatories were voilently agitated ; telegraphic operators in tne United States were thrown off their chairs with the shock ; and in Norway and Sweden electric instruments were positively ruined. For a few hours between Oc tober 30th and November 1st of 1903, beautiful displays of Aurora Australis were observed in the southern parts of Australia and Tasmania, telegraphic coinuni- cation with France was suddenly cut off, and in the Melbourne ob servatory all the magic instru ments were disturbed. And these things were caused by the great red hydrogen flame, which began then to leap higher and higher from the sun. The sun has 'now passed his time of quiet, and is increasing in energy. (Oct 1904). The atmosphere, and conse quently the weather, are bound to change in response to the changing moods of the sun (e.g. For example the late Australian drought was a distinct result of the late period of minimum' en ergy of the Sun. And the pres ent good season, with' the rains, is the direct result of the Sun's now increasing activity, assisted by other factors of less iinpor- tance. > The sun's moods influence the whole earth! from pole to pole. Some countries, by reason of their geographical position, . respond more readily than others to the sun's changing condition— Aus tralia is one them. It is mainly a question of latitude combined with physical features, such as mountains, rivers, lakes and seas'. In the Southern Hemisphere there is about five times as much water, and about one-fiftth as much land as in the Northern Hemisphere — and these great masses of water simplify the sun's influence on our atmosphere. South of the" equator Australia is more sensi-. tive than any other country South Africa is also very re sponsive: Some countries, such asl the West of England, are so placed that they have almost always plenty of rain. That is due to circumstances easily' un derstood. Take New . Zealand, its distinguishing feature is the great Alpine range, which acts as a condenser for the vapours of the Antarctic disturbances. But Central Australia has no such mountains to interfere with the direct, influence of the changing solar moods ; and so the sun's moods are answerable more par ticularly and directly for Aus tralia's wonderful climatic changes from drought to rains and floods. The drought comes when the sun has least energy, because at that time it really gives off less heat to the earth— although in dry air that heat may seem scor ching at the earth's surface, as. in the case of. , hot winds; then the earth cools down by giving oft its heat into the atmosphere. This heat, passing in quivering waves upward through the air, absorbs the vapours in the upper atmo sphere, and holds them in an invisible steatriy state. Had it not been for that, greater cold would have prevailed far aloft and the moisture would have fallen in the shape of rain. When the sun is doing his greatest amount of work the sun-spots or dark storm centres re-appear and ' increase in size and number. The larger ones can be seen through an opera-glass, or with the naked eye, using smokedglasses. Special instruments show the red flames, of hydrogen writhing and twist ing and leaping upwards. Some times the flames leap 60,000 miles to 160, Q00 miles from the sun's edge. During this period his energies increase, and the earth is responding, , drinking in, and saving up the electric and mag-, netic vitalising energies. The earth's atmosphere is also affec ted. The moisture is no longer held in suspension by excess of radiated heat. The rainfall in-, creases, because cold atmospheric Currents aloft condenser the va pour by increased action and re action Mn the air under the in crease of solar energy. Then the water holes fill, the rivers flow,, and vegetation revive and har vests abound. The sun takes about 3% years to get from the time of its lowest energies to its highest, and then the opposite gradually begins, Good seasons in 1903 to 1907, In 1912 or 13 theoppositecli- max will be reached. As the sun is more active now than it has been for some years, the ice in the south polar region will break up on a greatey scale, and drift into lower latitudes than before. The meetings of these iceburgs will greatly affect the weather conditions all through the Sou thern parts of Australia speaking broa dly, the rainfall will be much greater, and the tempera ture a little more even with less extremes of 'heat and cold than during recent years. -  POORAUSTRAl Australasia la in ior Past «Heusers will päla'4ntö.L v fieanee -It tin predictions of ifclie. est prophet--or evfcn a minimum'^ them,come to pass. Arid;tJtt?e,V| always a chance that one jaaystftli it right, and establish a reputaiV for .Imntfto' foresight. Vä ^'I Manyweathtir ptp^UetS^fi in Australia of latp have been content to '^topat jä dieting ior e.y^.TWilflSl;'! medman, however* bäöösjin of producing a prophet who:fi« , £ eclipsed the predictions of. all ffcepsj names known to Australia- Bgespnj'ig Busself, Wragge, Hunt. and thMntäwa from Btoree are not .116^^ The new man is silent a« 43b Ö system. Jt may be is slmpl6^d;.|f as convincing «astiacbingJcoraB.^niwöig act of foretollingraln. _Bnt r#iB.ti-& ever it la, neither time Apr jdi^nlie^S checks its efficacy. IeobM4c&lt; sure, high level etktion8,'4ftee/tAr>% ometric Observations, .and the which are believed to flgureiafcgei iu the elaboration of the forecast '4 day or so, have been översh« owed. ' Even Zadkiel, Old Moore, and the j other great predicteia. have content-. N ed themselves with hazarding thai' doings of a day, but the Harmed-.'H uian prophet's predictions arc enough.«:;., (o tuako the boldest of Australians; ; shiver in his shoes. Neither •' Mri'x M'Gowen nor Mr. Wade,* nor the £ Mgyplian plagues, could promise.* greater disasters that Mr. H. of Barmedniau, who writes undeir^ date, May 2, as follows -1ä During the first pari of 19IB thereof will be great beat waves, causing® many deaths, cyclonic disturbances,® causing towns and shipping to b&'i; seriously affected, and devastating!! floods, .causing great loss of 1ite*nttJ| property. "Droughty conditions will .rule j" more or less until 1918. Then there > will,be a return to a succession Of ; good seasons. There will be - &lt;A ^ earthquake in New Zealand in the year 1912: and an earthquake In Australia in 1917 ; and, owing to the great depression that is about .: to affect tiiis country, free or assis ted immigration to Australia will cease in 191 It. The great drought of 1912 will continue until the ®nd ol this year.—(Signed) H. Walsh, the Banned man Weather Prophet."  GREAT SOLAR CYCLONE. iir. Uement Wragge reports that great changes have taken place in the sun spot, _ or- solar storms. Since ihursday it has increased in energy and is now about 27.000. miles in di-U meter, and the smaller solar distur bances, also noted tn 'the 19th, have largely amalgamated with the main nucleus. The earth/is certain,1 to re spond to the ether^c vibration hurled adrift by tlujs great 'solaf cyclone, and we inay expect to.' hear that 'abnormal tidal action, or seismic' oY volcanic disturbance, hj(s taken place in suei parts of tho earth as are most liable to bp affected. Auroral displays may be expected in high latitudes. *  TOWNSVILLE DAILY BULLETIN. ? PUBLISHED P-UI.Y. ? WEDNICBDAY. JANUARY It. IH14. A large draft of cattle from the Dla manilna River dlBtrlct will be trucking at Wlnton shortly for Garbuti Broo. Ltd. These Include 160 bullocks and 'J cows from Dlamantlna Lakes station and 160 bullocks and 30 cows from an - other station In that vicinity. In the case in which Earl Fitzwilllam and T. Comyn-Platt, of Bristol, .ar« co-respondents, the petitioner is Mr. Alexander Brodrlck Leslie-Melville, a director of the Union ot London and. Smith's Bank, who. in IMS, was mar ried to Mrs Alan Daly (a widow), only lUusUur ut Uw law Colotwl Knrv?v Kelly. V,-l\pn the Commlaslonertor Railways (Mr Clias. Evans) was last on a visit to Townevllle ha promised the Mayor (Alderman R. w. ?McClelUnd) to' send up a number ot photographs or notable acmes along the railways, to bang on the Town Hall walls. On Tuesday, th« Mayor received a telegram -from Mr T. Voley, M.L.A., stating that the -j-hoto. graphs were arriving by the Wyandra, due this morning. At a Bpeclal meeting of the Licensing; Court yesterday, before the LJcentfnc Authority. Mr A. Dean. lea« ot ab- sence was granted to Annie Sbanahsn, licensee of the Royal Oak Hotel, from January 26 to March », Arthur John. Hodel to be left In charga, and to James John CasBldy. licensee of ;li» Palace Hotel, from January U to Feb. rnary S8. Iasheiu Mabel (Malay to be latt in cha«s. Temporary repairs were effected on the Ayr line on Tuesday «nd the bal hui train «ot lhrou»li to Ayr about Z p.m. A special train was Immedlon-ly despatched with malls and paurnK?rs to Townsvllle, and Bt » p.m. a special train was sent from Townsvllle to Ayr. Owing to portions of the line being still under water it In ut present Im possible to ascertain the extent of Ihe daniage to the permanent way. Probate of the will of George Iron side, late of Maikity, firmer, deceased, was granted by the Deputy Het.ih'.rar (Mr Jas. Comrrtord) at the Supreme Court on Tuesday, to John Alfred Nit chelmore, of Mackay, merchant, the sole executor named In the will. (Messrs Roberts, Leu and Barnett, ug tvwn agt'nl'4 for Messrs B. B. Wrigiit end WrlfTht, solicitors for exrculor.l Realty Kworn under £787, personalty £7614. During the recent rains several »r Ihe concrete pipe drains pver In the South Ward have been unable to carry oft the usual supply of water owlnK to their being choked with kerosene tins and other articles. As a reeull the itreets In the vicinity huve been par tially flooded. This is believed to be the work of younk larrikins, and Ihe Mayor haa {requested the police to endeavor to put a stop to the game. At t»e Charters Towers Police Court on Tuesday, before Mr J. C. Llnedalc, P.M., the Town Clerk (Mr 8. W. Harry) proceeded against Richard Joseph Tay on a charge ot stealing as s, clerk. Mr L. A. Francis (of Mesura Marsland and tfarsland) prosecuted, and Mr 11. Wynn Williams (Messrs Wyiyi Williams and Murphy) for the defence. On the ap plication of Mr Francis defendant* was remanded till Thursday, ball being al lowed self in £20. At b meeting of the executive of Cie J\.\VTi»vllle and District Development AsEddullon, held In 'the office of the hon. MHTitary on Tuesday aftermon lust, it was decided to postpone Ilia annual general meeting of the Associa tion,. Tb* «Jtecut(ve committee having been asked to appoint a paid secretary. It wa* decided to appoint Mr O. Donald to the position, whp will take over the Julles frfir. February 1 next. Ao-ounts (tnownlne to a Si 6d wer» passed for payment. Officials of ths A.W.U. have recently been wprklng In the direction of organ ising the female employees In the ho tfls. restaurants and boarding houses In Townsville, and it is stated have met with considerable suoce'JS. Within the next week a meeting Is to be called of 4H lnV«V««ed tor the purpose ot dUcus plajcr the wages sni1 conditions now In operation in Towmvllle, when an en teavor will be made ' to increase the rate of wages and fix some »orf ot pcale. The city reservoir, on the slope of Castle Hill, will be emptied this mprn Ing to undergo Its half-yearly cleaning, the city Bupply being maintained by pumping through (he by-pipe direct nto the mains. Hitherto the cleaning of th« reservoir has been done at night, when the demand for water Is lightest, but In view of the recent heavy rains, on thlB occasion the work can be done In the day time, a. sufficient supply be ing maintained for all requirements by pumping direct Into the malm. A meeting of the Charters Towers Sub-Branch of the Federated Engine Drivers' and Mremen's Association -says the 'Northern Miner'), was held at the Union Rail last even ing. The officers, for the ensuing; half ytor were appointed as follows:— Pre- sident: Mr W. J. Ksast; VlcePresl dant: Mr T. S. Walsh; Secretary: Mr C. W. Jones; Treasurer: Mr J. M. Bragg: Auditors: Messrs W. J. Nankervls and J. R. Cork. The gen eral sepKtary, Mr J. M. Bragg has been svocesatul in placing men in varlouB posltlona during the month. Mr P. Heaarlch, of Cairns, who inent a day or two in Townsville ihls iviwk, speaks in glowing terms of Die out lpoll tor the agricultural industry nt the Co.lrns and Atherton districts. In tbe vicinity of Cairns the area under cane is being steadily extended, aui every thing *o far points to a recorrt crushing next saason. Out towards the Four mile a considerable new ire«, ex ten, Mi, p fiprn the'back of tbe old Show Giouurts, will be \mder cane. At EcU? Hi|l. along the slds. of the hill, applications have been accepted to grow conn fnr the mills, and several farmers in the neigh borhood of Freshwater nn Kiiug in lor cane. At AtherCpn Mr Hudrluh esti mates there are between S0O and 1000 tens pf malse tanked. The new rroi. Is looking remarkably veil, and will prcbably be available abput Juic. Pro filed 90 cyclones or heavy rain occur In the Interval the maize crop of the dlltrlcl is likely to be a record. At Townavllle (says the 'Brisbane Dally Mall'), a meeting; was held to consider the arrangements tor the forecasting of these disturbances. The people in the North believe that a spe cial officer should be stationed at some northern centre. They endeavored to persuade the Commonwealth Meteoro logist (Mr Hunt) to act on this sug gestion when be visited that locality last year. But he expressed the view that the forecasts could be accurately and expeditiously forwarded under the present arrangement. Now the Towns vllle people have made an offer to Mr Clement Wragge to fill the post during the cyclone season this year. Mr Wraggee is well known in Queens land as a successful meteorologist. His predictions have been surprisingly ac curate in many instances. If he will accept the task his work will be wat ched With the closest interest. Possibly some friction will be aroused If such an arrangement Is made. But the dut ies are too important to be governed by sentiment for formality. The public have learned to respect Mr Wragge on account of the results he gives, and it would be a thousand pities if the ques tion of finance stands In the way. If the Federal authorities will not help in this direction the State Government should not hesitate t0 act. No maud lin ceremony should be allowed to pre vent them. The safety of the vessels and of the people they carry should be the first consideration, and if it is. even the risk of overlapping will not prevent action being taken.  FROIVI VARIOUS SOURCES Running a country newspaDer is not ill sunshine. A rural editor gives the following hlnt:-"The fellow who can play billiards, smoke cigars, have six penny drinks, shout for others, trip it to Sydney, go to the races, etc., saould not overlook the fact that he owes us a couple or quid." "D'yer see that there old cove com n' outer Jones' Dub?" remarked tha .rvay-back leg-puller to a new arrival. 'Well. 'e's the champoun boozsr or ,his locality. lIe's been drunk fur a luarter or a century, an' if 'e won ter wsake up some mornln' an' find 'Imself sober I do believe the shock would kill 'lm Twelve months ago 'e wos bitten by a tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too." 'Did the man die?" the new chum wIked. "No," replied the bushman, 'but the snake got blind paralytic Irunk." Beauty is only skin deep, but curves is curves. "The Secret of Smart Dress," runs a headline in a contemDorary. Some of the costumes we have seen recently had nothing secret about them at all. "Johanna" toells this one in the "Bul letin"-An exalted military gentleman in Mlelbourne found himself beset by mn untidy young woman of about 25 in a suburban street the other morn ing. "You're---, ain't you? Well, 3i11 can't .o to the war." "My good womaon, I-" "I tell yeh straight Bill can't go to the war, an' 'e won't, so there. Bill's engaged t' me; then he goes and enlists t' light the Gor mans. Well, he won't go. see. Ho's said he'll marry me, 'n' he ain't goin' t' get off so easy. I give you my word." Can't you picture Bill in a snow-flled trench, with a bullet In his neck, getting olf easy? All men are born free and equal, but the majority of them marry later on. Of troubles connubial, jars and di vorce. This, we believe, is. the, fruitfullest source;. A.man falls In.love wlth a dimple, or curl, Then foolishly marrieathe entire girL There was a man in our town And he was wondrous small Re-boughta big barometer And put It in the hall. And when the mercury went down Because of wind and rain, Ele climbed on the umbrella stand And shoved. it up again. If everybody on earth spoke the truth and nothing but the- truth for twenty-four hours, we should find our selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution the world has ever known. Last week (writes "Gossip," of the "Stock and Station Journal") I had two schoolboys staying with.me, who were on their way from Bedale's School, In PetersflIeld, Hants. to Scot land. I took them to.all the things we had time for, including the "White City," and the play of "Grumpy," at the New Theatre. They had the time of their lives. We visited the Tower of London, and they saw the "Traftor's ,Gate," the site of the scaffold where people used to be shortened, the idle soldiers, the-ancient "Beefeaters," and all the armor and the guns and swords and. crossbows, and weapons, of mur der. They were-greatly interested, and when we came out' I said, "Now, boys, what interested you most about the Tower? What is the strongest Im pression that .you bring away from the old place?" The bigger. and older of the two (nearly-15) sald:--"Well, my strongest impression, after seeing all the armor:andrthe weapons of war is that the people of those times were feools." Before-I had time to express my-views, the younger one said. "WellI we're bigger fools now." "Amen," said:I to that, and.then we talked! "Northerner" writes:- Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects-of- the rain which promises that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. WVhy It should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past A happy monsoon struck the north nlast week, and it was to the.extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing. to talk about In those climes where duringthe monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers Itself In the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean antf cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers atThursday Island and DarwIn have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means-a plactd summer, and when they have a placId one we have a wet one. We cau do with IL  A rather serious washaway on the Salmon line, a private line six miles from Cloncurry, is reported. Forty feet of the permanent way to a depth of 4ft, has been washed away, but re- pairs are being rapidly effected. On Thursday evening D. Roberts, a carter, was the victim or painful in juries as the result of a kick from a horse at the sanitary reserve, two ribs on the right side being fractured. The Ambulance attended and rendered first aid. The Harbor Board's fortnightly pay on Friday, in connection with harbor works, totalled £1377 6s 2d. The wages sheet is high at present, owing to the number of men employed on the jetty widening scheme, and also the number of mechanics engaged on the repairs to the Crocodile and other work. Messrs Wakeford Bros, hold an impor- tant sale of horses at the Show &nbsp; Grounds this afternoon, commencing at 2.30. Under instructions from Mr W. &nbsp; Duncan, they will submit 60 head, in- cluding the trotting stallion Shandy &nbsp; (by Emulator, the Australian record holder, out of Princess). A further lot &nbsp; of 50 head will be offered on behalf of &nbsp; Mr E. E. Carne, and on behalf of Mr H. C. Rasmussen, 30 head of light sorts. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; The resident engineer of the Mount Cuthbert line has advised that exten- sive damage has been caused on the Cloncurry extension by the rains, and as there is every prospect of a continu- ance of the wet weather it is improb- able that the line will be opened to Dugald at the end of the month, as originally intended. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; An entrance to Mr George Manton's residence at West End was effected by a thief during Thursday night. The only proceeds of the theft was a small sum of money which was abstratced from a lady's satchel, the nocturnal visitor failing to notice a quantity of jewellery on the dressing table. The matter has been reported to the police. At the Police Court on Thursday (says the "Northern Miner"), before Mr J. C. Linedale, P.M., William H. Sara, of Plumtree Flat, was proceeded against by E. J. Philipson, clerk of the Queenton Shire Council, for defacing a brand. Defendant pleaded guilty and was fined £5, and ordered to pay 2s 6d costs of court, and £1 1s professional costs. After 16 years prominent association with Messrs Cummins and Campbell, Mr Robert Mitchell will at the end of this month sever his connection with the firm in order to enter into business on his own account. Some time ago he purchased the freehold of the Sea View Hotel, on the Strand, and will on February 1 take posses- sion. Throughout the north, Mr Mit- chell has acquired a wide circle of friends, and that combined with his knowledge of the wine and spirit trade should ensure sucess for his new ven- ture. For some reason not explained the postal authorities in Brisbane sent no southern mail on by the Marloo, which arrived at Townsville about midday yesterday. The Howard Smith Co.'s Bombala, which calls in at Port Alma, did not reach Townsville till last night, too late for delivery of the mails. The week-end mail was thus held up for nearly 20 hours. As the Howard Smith boats lose time going into Port Alma, the Brisbane post office should send all mails in hand up to the departure of the Adelaide steamer by that boat; the later mail which goes by train to Port Alma could be brought on by the Howard Smith steamer. When a boiler is passed by the offi- cials of the Machinery and Scaffolding Inspection branch, the cap on the &nbsp; safety valve has hitherto been secured with a padlock, the key of which is re- tained by the Inspector, so that no one can interfere with the valve. A new idea is now being introduced, doing away with the padlocks on lock-up safety valves. The cap is now secured with a piece of copper wire and a leaden seal, the latter being stamped &nbsp; with the "M. and S." brand on one side, and a Crown on the other. The new scheme is much simpler, and more secure than the padlock, whilst the owners will be saved the cost of the padlock. In connection with the proposed Me- teorological station in North Queens- land, Mr Clement Wragge was com- municated with by cable on Thursday, asking him would he be prepared to come North to take charge of such a station on certain terms. A reply was received from Mr Wragge, who is in New Zealand, in the following terms:— "Sincere thanks. Residence impossible this season, because lectur- ing engagements deeply involved, but meanwhile will telegraph you warnings at five guineas weekly, from February 11, you paying wires besides. Shall arrive Townsville April to lecture in North Queensland. Will then lay foundation of first-class service for full working next season on terms you of- fer. Writing fully. Sailing tor Hobart February 3." A meeting of the Com- mittee will be held this morning. A meeting of the Townsville Society for the Prevention of Cruelty was held at the secretary's office, Old Town Hall, on Thursday, 22nd inst, at 4 p.m., when the following were present— Messrs H. Horn (chair), A. Reye. D. Fraser, R. Neelssen, and the secretary (Mr Geo. Armstrong). Mr J. H. Ruth- erford, the Inspector, was also in at- tendance. The inspector's report to December 31 last was received and &nbsp; read. It disclosed 12 horses working with harness sores and lame, five horses unfit for work, one case of overload- ing, one crippled horse abandoned, shot, one cow and two goats very poor, the goats being destroyed and the cow attended to; one very bad case of &nbsp; cruelty to a horse was adjudicated on by the P.M. and the defendant was lined 10s and the costs. The annual re- port was considered and the day fixed for the annual meeting to take place, viz., at 4 p.m. in the Town Hall, on the 29th inst., the secretary to ask per- mission from the Mayor for a room to hold the meeting;. - The secretary was instructed to advertise the annual meeting in the "Bulletin" and "Star" newspapers. This closed the meeting. The Federal Government are pretty well leaving North Queensland to run itself. They prefer to bury the money in the sandhills of South and West Australia to saving this section of the Commonwealth a show. S0 long as they can minimise sandy blight by crossing the deserts with railway lines they deem it unnecessary to attempt to protect shipping in the north in the cyclonic season. In consequence local efforts to supply the required warn- ings are to be made. Out Winton way "The Middleton Telephone Co." are erecting a line from Middleton to Win- ton. A post office department which gives about four postal deliveries a day in the cities think a mail once a &nbsp; month good enough for North Queens- land, and people have to build their own telephone lines. The consistent neglect of North Queensland by the Fisher Government is accentuated by the Cook Government. If possible Mr Wynne appears to be a greater paraly- tic in administration than his predeces- sors, and that is saying a good deal. When he can tear himself away from Flemington racecourse and Melbourne he might give this corner of the Com- monwealth come consideration. Captain F. W. Hood, District Super- intendent of No. 2 (in Queensland) Division of the Lighthouse Branch of the Federal Service, and Mr I. A. Ridg- way, District Engineer, arrived by the Suva on Thursday, after a northern visit of inspection as far as Clarke Island. In conversation with a "T.D. &nbsp; &nbsp; Bulletin" representative, Captain Hood stated they had been inspecting and taking levels at several places with fa view to the erection of new unat- &nbsp; tended lights along the coast. On the way North they stopped at Coquette Island, in the Howick Group; then at Dhu Reef, off Princess Charlotte Bay; Heath Rock, near Clermont Lightship; Tih Tih Reef, approaching Cape Direc- tion; Chapman's Reef, right off Cape Direction; Pyper Island Reef, and then at Clarke Island. They had beautiful weather for the inspection, which only occupied 10 days. Captain Hood stated that the lights would be unattended lights. There was at present only one such light on the Eastern coast, near Melbourne, which had given every satisfaction. The principle, however, &nbsp; had been fully proved in other parts. Captain Hood's headquarters will be at Townsville and he hopes to be es- tablished here in a few months' time. In the meantime there is a good deal of work in connection with the pre- sent inspection, and Captain Hood and Mr Ridgway leave for South by the Bombala to-day.  SAYINGS OF TO-DAY AND YESTERDAY. Circumstances alter kisses.-Caro lyn Wells. Many are men of probity-until you begin to probe.-J. Whitman. The man who can't remember when he was a fool Is one yet.-Strickland Gillian. About the only way a woman can keep a secret is to keep it going. Nathan Levey. Woman: A being to run away from, or with-as the case may be.-Elbert Hubbard. Young men, I have to advise you to try to be good rather than great. You'll have less competitlon.-T. Lawson. The wages of sin Is exposure.-Es telle Klauder. A high old time lays many a man low.-Cole Blease. On the door of success is "push," in brass.-Upton Sinclair. Lots of people will take everything for granted, except a hint.-Green wood Lake. 'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all, but it isn't so cheap.-Sam Stimson. The trouble with the average mar ried man is that he doesn't know what a jewel his wife is till he comes to put her in a casket.-General Sickles. "Northerner" writes:-Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain which promises and never comes, it is curious to note thit when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten Inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the. monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it. It isn't so much that a woman wouldn't, but she hates to think that you think she would.  SAYINGS OF TO-DAY AND YESTERDAY. Circumstances alter kisses. — Caro- lyn Wells. / Many are men of probity— until you begin to probe.— J. Whitman. x The man who can't remember when he was a fool is one yet. — Strickland Gillian. About the only way a woman can n.ccp a, auutei is to Keep n going. — Nathan Levey. Woman: A being to run away from, or with— as the case may be.— Elbert Hubbard. Young men, I have to advise you to try to be, good rather than great. You'll have less competition.— T. Lawson. The. wages of sin is exposure. — Es- telle Klauder. A high old time lays many a man low. — Cole Blease. - - On the door of success is 'push/' in brass. — Upton Sinclair. - juois oi people win take everything for granted, except a hint. — Green- wood Lake. * 'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all, but it isn't so cheap. — Sam Stimson. The trouble with the average mar ried man is that he doesn't know what a jewel his wife iB till he comes to put her in a casket. — General Sickles. 'Northerner' writes f—Anent the drought, the recent heat, spell, and the, prospects of the. jain, which promises I ' ??? ? .. . ? ;' and never comes, it is curious to note j that when Queensland summer rains I come early they slacken off before ? Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoop struck the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it atui. we are gomg 10 nave a summer broken up by Southern Oceaa anti cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a' placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it.  Queensland Cyelooe. D1CM0LISHED TOWN OF INNIS FAIL. is pebsonTkilled. Brisbane, Friday— The Deputy Com ?nissiuiK-r of Railways, who is at Towiisville. reports that the cyclone struck InnisfaU at 6 p.m. on Sunday, md rngtd till midaight, Tbo town building-: were demolished. It u estimated that there were 15 d«fttii, within an area, of a quarter of aThehfti'bor end of the wharf ap pixMches.has gone, Uio rails were fcwist wl juiH nnrtjon of tbe roof of the sugar shed, w'lcro 600 tons of sugar are stored, is also gone. The damage to railway property is estimated at £2000. A whole train of carriages was blown over. The police have arranged to send 12 tons of food from Cairns to InnisfaJl. MESSAGES FROM CAIRNS. NINE 'DEATHS. Messages from Cairns state that there were nine deaths, including the following:— Mr O'Malley, solicitor. Mr and Mrs Andy Brown. Mrs Mahony, wife of the ferryman. Mr McLean, engin&diiver, Mrs Gibson, wife of an accountant. Mr Fox, chemist. MR WRAGGE'S PREDICTION. RENEWAL OF~C¥CLONE FORE TOLD. . Jn Auckland on February 3 Mr Cle ment Wragge. the well-known Austra lian meteorologist, predicted that fur ther euaiosphorao dtsturbenoss would occur in the southern tropics, including the northern portion of new Zealand. 'Atmospheric conditions,' Mr Wragge said, 'are very perturbed within lower latitudes then that of Auckland, espe cially over all North Cape, the Ker g«dee8. Tonga. Fiji, New Caledonia, Norfolk Maud, and the coasts of Queensland and New South Wales. A close watch should be-kept on barom eter. Tbe disastrous storms in Queens land, coupled witt (he floods, are suffi cient indication of the general type of wsatiier, and in various parta of the osatcrn half of Australia tliero may, and probably will, be a. renewal of such before April 1, ltenee every precaution mould be taken. As stated in Janu ary, the coast of Western Australia nortti from Shark Bay may be effect ed by winds of the hurneauc tvpe andttc pearling fleet* should be on'tne tfevVi. l '''''fnped jn ti-e opinion that Hie southern ed@as of the tropical disturbanoos will pass further south *J«W-?tend to the Bay of Plenty and Hawks's Bay. N.2., under currents tram between south-east, east, north east,, and north,, shifting westerly, T^iS stron?-,,iuid *** ? ^ery con fderaae rainfall before two months have elapsed. These conditions are luainjv due to abnormal solar influ. RAINFALL REGISTERED. During the 84 hours ended at 0 a.m. on Tuesday 840 points of rain were Ranged at Rtfanond. 283 at Maxwel srw^inS865'^^  UUR WEATHER. SETTLED TILL 1930. DliV AND WET SliASONH. Mil WltAGC.K AND T1IK SUNSJ'OTS. In these days, when those; unco j honored prophets of the weather- I tin! corns mid gouty limbs of our elders-have given placc to ycionIi0o forecast, the funning community hangs j with billed breath upon the iiueranee of tlie experts. Tho Auckland (K.Z ) " Star" inter viewed Mr Clement, Wrasige, F.R.U.S. -the one-time Queensland Govern ment Meteorologist, una the foreteller of the disastrous Australian droughts -at his home at Birkenhead the other day. Mr Wraggo willingly acquiesced when iisked if he could venture a forecast. The celebrated weather prophet lives in intimate communion with the weather portents. An odd loo lei ti l; barometer wag at his elbow in his queer, workshop-like study ; !? helves of meteorological tomes liued the room. Outsido was a boxlike structure which, to the uninitiated, might have been n meat safe or u bird cage. It was, in fact, a miniature observatory, in which clock-work and electrical r«n*ii»1iif«ul th)» (it the1 atmosphere, or turned turtle, by mi alarum arrangement, to tell the stato of the temperature at a given time o' night. The Elusive Sunsput. Til') meteorologist fetched a huge telescope, formidable as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting rays of the sun, anil allowed a bright half crown of light from the lens-the pliptograph of the sun-to play on a white blotting pad. " No- sunspots and no ruin just yet," whs the rmful verdict. "I've been expecting one just latoly. It should appear shortly on the edge of the sun, and when it works to the centre conditions will be favorable to rain." The prophet next pave tho birome ter a professional nip, jotted down a figure, and dubiously said "L:mph." Producing a chart of the Australasian regious, lie. went outside to test the direction of tho wind and to ti ml the lay of tho low atmospheric pressure region, and then commence to rapidly draw wavy " isolmrs" on the chart. Looking Ahead. Mr Wragge lias computed forecasts for the seasons of Australia up till 1030, and tlii-se, he s iys, are applicable tn Now Zealand, with slight modern tions, owing to tho physical mid geographical reasons- Dining I'M 1 and part, of lit 15, hi; says, the rainfill, taking Australasia as a whole, will be under tho average. This by no means implies that there will lie no rain. On the contrary, good intervening niius will occur, unci the 1 ;ibt. part ot' lhis period will be belter than the firsl. From the middle of l'Jlo on | wii'dy, the rainfall will markedly increase, and from l'JIO to l'.'l'O, inclusive, tli" seasons will In* distinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to s'eadily full oil', and the worst part of the next, ureat. " under rivfir^niV period will be 11)^1} and ll'--l. Australians will lie justified in oiling that a drought. In l'.)'J5, matters will begin in improve, and good seasons wi I prevail from ll)li(i to 11UIO. These forecasts, explained Mr Wragge, are mainly based on the physical conditions of the sun with respect of its maxima and minima moods, moving in cyehs of eleven years. Just now we are neuring lite end of the solar minimum-or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we on earth have do conception, were least violent. The maximum period would com mence at the end of l'J15, and until tlien, although he did nol expect the 1 seasons to he so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must not he anticipa ted. Intervening rains in New Zea land should give a heavier fall than in Australia. In the droughts ho predicted, New Zealand would not suffer to the same extent sis Australia, owiti^ to its climate !u'in&lt;» insular, whertMS thai nf tin- liUff was cun tincjjiil.  Mr. Clement Wragje's Belief. PERTH, April 9. In connection with, the loss of the Koom bana, Mr. * Clement Wragga has written to a Perth.' newspaper to the effect that if a Central Weather Bureau' in Brisbane had been in existence three days' warning at least would have been given of the recent cyclone which caused the disaster.  . DUST AND RAH... FURTHER SHOWERS HOPED FOR. / The rain which began to fall late on .Wednesday afternoon cleared the air of ' the dust which a strong northerly, wind/ bad been stirring up vigorously all day, and was verv welcome on that account. (Whether it will do much good to the agri erriltural arcas is problematical, but the I forecast ie to some extent hopeful. The I Government Meteorologist at 0 o'clock last ¡ night said: "The light raiu which jet in at about 3.45 p".nu continued steadily for three hours, during which 029 points were registered at tile Observatory. This morning's wea- ther bulletin showed that light to mode- rate showers had occurred in the lower South-East during the twenty-four hour? ending 830 a.m., the heaviest registration being 0.70 points, Cape Northumberland. Splendid general rains» were reported this morning from Western Australia, some of the inland «wittons benefiting to the ex- tent of more than an inch. The weather . ¿hart indicates the presence of an ener- getic cyclonic disturbance centred south o£ this State. This low has been re- sponsible for the northerly wind circula- tion" over this State. The system has moved rapidly eastward, with its centre ' well to the southward. It passed the meridian of Adelaide at 2.15 p.m., when the barometer-reading was 29.37 in. Since ' tnat horn* the barometer has been steadily rising, and the wind .has been blowing from the westward. The .3 p.m. reports thowed that light rain had pet in at Streaky Bay and Tumby Bay, on the West Coast, ' and that rain was falling in the lower South-East of this State, but the disturb- ance ia not situated in a position favor- able for heavy general rains in South "Ana-, tralia. There is sufficient difference of pressure to the westward, however, to ensure the showers produced by the cold westerly1 winds, and these shonld extend over the agricultural areas, and be very useful.in character. Squally> conditions are likely along the coast, and showers will in places'be accompanied by thunder and hail storms.'' -. /-URSUS TO THE RESCUE." Mr. Clement Wragge has supplied us irith> the 'following special advice, dated , Kalangadoo, August 6:-The leg3 and feet »f the great Antarctic disturbance ' named Ursus are still operating, and they are " pretty, stalwart again. We tell, farmfjrs that Ursns'will eave the harvest, and Eunice and Betrohius should ensure' it. The'"eastern States will especially betaf-' Eected.- * Í *' , '' * . . , Balhannah, August v 6. , , 'Um»" lae arrived here, bringing ' with,- him á ' ven-/ strong wind from the , north.,-i Although heavy rains fell 'here on Monday, a severe duStstorm is rag- ing here to-day. cxoojrê h THE WEST: t ) RAÍLWAY WASHAWAYS Perth, August 6. , v itailway washaway* vhave occurred in Ihe southwest as the result of heavj rajns, apd at one point near ¿Tambellup, on the Albany line, a gooda train, consist- ing of an engine and 12 trucks, is reported -to have left the line and ploughed into the flooded country, A breakdown gang nargon« to the tcene.of the derailment. tbîBEE AND A HALF INCHES THIS % MONTH , ' * .. 'Perth, August 0. j Heavy falls of ram have bean re "» coràécr1^ throughout the sooth-west, a»a**í¿ooa i* .ioTlWpoür&lt;r^ '7\ot&* lafeett plaie ï over tbe^ wheat . belts of thb easternJ midland districts. In the country nearly 150 -points fell between last evening and eight this moraine;, bringing /the total since the beginning of tho month up to over 31 in , t " ------- i  WEATHER WARNINGS THE PROPOSED NORTHERN BUREAU. Mr. W. B. Nisbet. who has been in- teresting himself iIn the question of the establishment of a Northern Meteoro-. logical Bureau, durlng his recent visit to Melbourne, has written to the pre sident of the Chamber of Commerce (Mr J. N. Parkes) as follows:— 'Your letter of April 9 on the sub ject of the Weather Bureau, North Queensland, reached me on my arrival In Melbourne on April 17, and as my stay was likely to be short. I did not delay In setting to work on the matter, I saw the Under-secretary for Home Affairs, and discussed it with him. The Minister (Mr Kelly) had left for Sydney that afternoon, and was not returning till Monday. The Un der-Secretary could offer no opinion beyond that the Department had done all that was possible, and he sugges ted it would be well to iterview Mr Hunt, the Government Meteorologist, in order to come to some arrangement. Although Mr Hunt's views were well known, I did not think it wise to ob ject to this suggestion, and the ap pointment was made for 10.30 on Satur day morning. I found Mr Hunt still obstinately opposed to any modification of the existing arrangement of weather bureaus. He maintained that everything was being done that was possible, and the Brisbane office had full instructions to isue independent weather warnings as frequently as was thought necessary in times of ur gency, and that was all that was re quired. No argument I could use would obtain any further, conciliatory pro posal from Mr Hunt, and after an in terview lasting close upon two hours I stated my Intention to bring the mat ter directly under the notice of the Minister for Home Affairs. With re gard to employing Mr Clement Wragge to Issue independent forecasts during the cyclone season, Mr Hunt stated he would welcome such action on the part of the Northern residents as calculated to show how unnecessary such a sta tion was, and how we would get no more practical Information or warn ings than we are getting at present. This, I think, is seriously open to doubt. 'On Monday, April 20, I was able to arrange an interview with the Honor ary Minister (Mr Kelly), who has charge of the Department of Home Affairs. In order to support the case I asked Senator Givens and Hon. F. Bamford to accompany me, which they willingly did. Mr Hunt was present at the request of the Department. Senator Givens introduced the subject, and took the opportunity to point out the desirability of a. wireless station being established at cairns and Mackay to convey Information in case of the land lines falling. This was really foreign to the subject, -but the Minister accepted it as a means of combating the argument re failure or telegraphic communication. I advanced every reason possible why the North ern weather station was necessary, but after an Interview lasting three-quar ters of an hour, could only obtain a promise from the Minister that the matter would receive serious consider- ation, and the establishment of wire less stations at Cairns and Mackay would be strongly recommended to facilitate the transmission of observa tions and the Issuing of forecasts along the Queensland coast. I was asked by Mr Hunt to point out that his Depart ment had fully the Interests of North Queensland in mind, and to give the present system a trial to see how far his office was meeting the necessities of the case. 'There is no doubt that the Depart ment Is being entirely guided by Mr Hunt in this controversy, and I see no hope of any further concessions being made in that direction. Until this agi tation began there Is no doubt the Federal Meteorological Bureau existed chiefly for the southern traveller and pastoralist, and North Queensland was almost overlooked. This campaign has Improved matters somewhat, and some points have been gained which were at first refused, which shows continued agitation may gain still further advan tages. I would suggest If Mr Clement Wragge is in the neighborhood he might be Invited to meet the Chamber of Commerce or others Interested, and discuss the matter from a technical point of view, for it is with scientific points now that we are opposed by Mr Hunt, who uses arguments which obv- ously cannot be contradicted by the casual observer. A suggestion has been made to me that a concensus of opinion of the captains and pilots trad- ing on the Queensland coast would be valuable as to the desirability of ex hibiting storm warnings at all Im portant stations and lighthouses in case of dangerous weather conditions threatening.'  Weather Forecasting. Mr. W ragge has computed forecasts for the seasons of Australia up till 1930,, and these, he says, are applica ble to Hew, Zealand, with slight.mod- ifications. ' During 1914 and part of 1915, lie says, the rainfall, ! taking Australasia as a whole, will' be under tne average, mis Dy no means im plies that there will be no rain , 'Oil the contrary, good intervening rains will occur, and the last part of this period, will be better than the, first. From' the middle of 1915; onwards, the rainfall will markedly increase, and from 1916 to 1920, inclusive, the seasons will be distinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to steadily fall off, and the worst part of the next great "under average" period will be 1923 and 1924. Australians will be justified in calling that- a drought. In 1925 matters will begin to improve, and good seasons will prevail from 1925 to 1930. These forecasts, ex plained. Mr. Wragge, are mainly based H||hysical condition -of the suu _ its maxima and ruini- ip/cycles ot eleven are nearing the eH|BHHftninimum— or the fearful cyclonic of .which we onHHHftnception, were  THE WEATHER. FURTHER SHOWERS PROMISED. The Government Meteorologist reported on Friday morning:-'The Antarctic dis- turbance noted yesterday to the south oi Albany made rapid progress during the last 24 hours, and is shown on to-day's chart centered south of Kangaroo Island. Under its influence clouds quickly gathered early this morning, and at 8.30 &.m. abo weather, except in the east, was threaten- ing in South Australia, and light rain had «?« in over the greater part of Yorke Peninsula, on the west Ceast, and in scat- tered places in the lower northern and central agricultural areas. In those dis- tricts light rain was recorded. Cowell re- ceived 12 points and Green'6 Plains and Maitland 10 points. ELscrwhere the falls were lower. Over Western Australia the barometers have risen considerably since yesterday, and an anti-cyclone now coven mest of-that State. As this system niov.» eastward it will bring cold south-westerly winds on its advancing side. s*> that' dur- ing the next day or two we may expect unsettled, showery weather in the agri- cultural area», with winds veering to cold and squally south-westerlies, while along the coast stormy conditions will prevail. The rains are likely to be heaviest, as in the previous instance, over the southern districts, especially the Mount Lofty Banges and the South-East. The baro- meter at Adelaide at midday was showing 2fi.70 in., and it is interesting to note that this is the lowest air pressure since about the middle of March." The 9 p.m. report stated:-"Cloudy and unsettled weather hecame general through- out this State to-day and extended as far to the north-east as Broken Hill, where light rain was falling at 3 p.m. Other sta- tions to report rain up te that time were Blinman and Orroroo, 2 paints each; Clare and Snowtown, 12 pointe each; Strath- albyn, 2 points; and Cape Northumber- land. 12 points. At Adelaide light rain fell for a while after 9 a.m., 3 points being registered at the Observatory. The weather became finer, however, and remained so, though rather squally, until late in the afternoon, when, soon after 4 p.m., a thunderstorm, with heavy rain, occurred, and further showers fell during the even- ing, making a total rainfall from 9 a.m. to £> p.m. of 13 points. The disturbance which is now affecting this State is .the most marked since March, the barometer at Adelaide on Friday afternoon falling to 29.58 in. To the westward, the very ener- getic anticyclone is pushing in rapidly, so that we may cxpect squally westerly winds, with further showers, chiefly over the southern districts." MR. WBAGGE SANGUINE. Mr. Clement Wragge has supplied ns with the following advice:-'The western half of the main disturbance 'Lis bet*' is steadily approaching; and the rains will probably largely benefit all agricultural areas. It is all the one system. Ship- ping is warned of the heavy weather travelling eastwards. The eastern Stetes are advised." , ' ' . , , i, " - BAIN AT PARILLA. The following telegram was received in Adelaide on Friday afternoon by Mr. J. Entwistle from Parilla:-"Cloud-burst oc-1 curred here to-day. Kain is falling stead-1 fly;'likely to continue." I GOOD FALLS IN THE WEST. . I . Perth, July l8. The rainy conditions which prevailed over the south-western' portion of the State on Wednesday continued yesterday, when good falls were recorded^ A feature of yesterday's rain was that the dry wheat-growing districts, east of Kellerber- rin, .participated.  Wragge's Latest. Mr Clement Wragge offers some recent observations on the nniversal subject of the weather. "The only immediate prospect of intervening showers in inland . and Riverina districts lies in the fact that the extreme northern edge of an Ant arctic depression, named ' Conroy,' is SSW from ' Leeuwin.' ' ConroyJ' means well, and to him farmers must look during the ensuing ten days' for a temporary refreshing precipitation. But two gigantic anti-cyclones, or high pressure systems, on either side, are doing their utmost, as it were to block him, and it must candidly be admitted that the situation away, from the coq;s.t looks very serious. Solar conditjiaqs still spell drought, as special observations , cleai'ly show, while opposite effects have been, and will yet be, manifest in the Northern Hemisphere, to wit, the American floods — negative and positive etheric vibrations operating respectively by wireless waves linking np the sun with the earth. - "How much longer must we sound I the warning note; We knew inrl904' that 1912 would be a bad year in continental Australia. I frankly told' J the "people, so eight years ago, and j was laughed at by those who had , neither the biains_hor the wisdom to j understand. But to cry at the pre sent time would be absurd. Now is I the time for manly action on the part of the farmers and pastoralists ! Let them be up and doing — let them make wells, dam the little creek beds on their holdings. Conserve ! converve ! and let not the proverbial ' drop ' of I any intervening rain - go to waste ! Remember, Wragge is your best friend !"  7 : N D W ARNIN &V D i YEN/ " ' ; : . -'Mf/1 Clement'' AYragg.e, ,' 'writing; fl'dm' Chirtern, iri the1 N6f th-Eastqrh i district, ' rie marks . 7 . ' TX-fimlDdrifr&T/Weaihe.r/BwDehu,: Brisbane;. . had : Wedri/ iri . .existence-— the. arihurii/ydte for/ which, drq iiotf exceed '£1500— 7tlire'e 'driv'k' warning at lehs't: would- have beeri given of the; recrint ,We4i- Ah'Straliari; /cyclones."! ! Th k 1 F e' d e r'T ; B u e.a u / ri b \y /'coktsi ;£2G,Op0rpe.iv/'aririurii.' ' 1 / / L /tff6.aCb'a%yytrtciid'. ; ' 1 f  SEW ZEAL&SB EOZSS. Lord KITCHENER'S REPORT. You will have heard that Iiotcl Kittihener, &t the conclusion of hie tour of inspection, forwarded to the Government a copy of Part 1 of his report to the Common-wealth Government, as containing practically all that was necessary for the requirements of the Dominion. The figures in the Aus tralian report will, of course, he divided by four, so that New Zealand will have only one-fourth of the men and of the areas re oommended for Australia, and the scheme will cost only £470,000 in the seventh year. The present defence estimates amount to £202,000, plus £50,000 a year for the next three years for certain additional perma nent works, and, of course, the naval charges in the shape of interest on the Dreadnought, and ilia £100,000 subsidy to the Admiralty. The Premier, however, esti mates that with the increasing prosperity of the Dominion the increased cost of de fence, amounting in the first year to only £25,000 over present charges, will not necessitate any further taxation. The re port has been, on the whole, well received, and there is a general demand that the Government shall adopt it without tinker in^ though some of the Radical members | of Parliament seem inclined to object to Sir Joseph Ward's ready acceptance of Lord Kitchener's advice to keep the defence question outside party politics. The public, realising what a wrench with the past would, be involved if the Government were to at tempt to act on the Field-Marshal's advice on this point, are not hopeful. One passage in Lord Kitchener's cover ing letter has been read with special in-: terest. "It appears to me," he wrote, "that for your land forces New Zealand and Aus tralia should adopt homogeneous military systems, in order to be able to efficiently support one another in the event of national danger. I think that uniformity in train ing and establishments of unite, as well as the closest ties of comradeship, in the armed forces of New Zealand and Australia, should be fostered in every way." He therefore advised that New Zealand should 6end to the "West Point" College to be! established in Australia those of her cadets \ who are intended to become the instructors | of the Dominion's citizen forces. The idea] has been warrnlv welcomed, and it is hoped ' that it may leaa to a wider and clearer re-j cognition of the value of closer relations: between New Zealand and Australia as. regards colonial and Imperial defence. j Lord Kitchener, after completing his in- j spection of our defences, spent some ten ; days in, visiting the Hot Lakes district, in' company with his sister and her husband.' He seems to have enjoyed himself j thoroughly, all the more, one imagines, be-, cause he was out of the way of the crowds that attended his incomings and outgoings in the cities. One heard out little of his; movements, for his travelling was done liy motor-car, and eventually lie slipped into Wellington one morning, and went off in the afternoon bv the steamer that con nects at Tahiti with the San Francisco boat. He had given the strictest instructions to the shipipng agents that his movements were not to be disclosed, and therefore it was as "Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Sellars" that, lie and his suite, figured in the passenger; list. By that device he escaped the well-! meant attentions of the public, for it was j not until very shortly before the 6leaincr cast off that the small crowd on the wharf discovered that it carried so distinguished , a passenger. 1 A CANDID VISITOR. j The Bishop of Christcburch, in an address that is probably better remembered than most of his sermons, once charged New Zealanders with a tendency to indulge in narrow-minded vainglory, the self-satisfac tion with jhemselves ana their surroundings that exists in some cases—the quality is not universal—when people have never moved beyond the narrow limits of their own circle. New Zealanders are not, I tlpnk, more given to "blow" than most other people, but if they were, the visits of a few people like Herr Weber would act as a check. Herr Weber is the travelling com panion of Count Bismarck, a nephew of ] the great Bismarck, who has been touring the Dominion. A reporter ran him to earth in Wellington, and invited him to say what he.thought of New Zealand. With a Ehrug nnd a smile, the German gentleman replied, "We think we have cocie too early—about 500 years too early!" A facer indeed, but worse was to come. Pressed for details of bis trip, Mr. Weber admitted that they bad seen Lake Wakatinu, the West Coast road, the Otira and Buller Gorges, besides other parts of the South Island, and Wellington. Wakatipu? Yes, certainly it was beautiful, but not to be compared with Switzerland,' 17 hours by train from Berlin. Otira was worth seeing—"but how much easier to see ! Norway." They were going up the Waii ganui River, ana on to Roterua. The river would, no doubt, be very fine, but to call it the New Zealand, Rhine! The idea ex ! cited our visitor's mild derision. "It could not possibly be that." The burden of his song wag that one spent five or six weeks in coming to see scenery no better than Europe provided, and to see it under condi tions of serious discomfort—slow trains, and so forth; no hotels worth mentioning, no; opera, no luxury. He admitted that in New Zealand a great deal had been done; in a very short time, and that it was a promising country; but it was plain that fie thought the promise was a long way from ] fulfilment. MR. CLEMENT WRAOOE'S DISCOVERY. In the far north of Auckland Province, Mr. Clement Wragge, the well-known astronomer and meteorologist, has dis covered, so he says, the remains of an an cient city or temple, probably dating back to the time of sun-worship. The huge blocks of stone constituting these remains lie ap parently in heavy bush. He modestly puts their age at 500,000 years, but he admits they may be a great deal older! He has also expressed trie opinion that they are connected with Lemuria, the continent that once existed in the Western Pacific; and [ he has therefore provisionally ehristeifed the site Lemurion. Some STe marked with cups or ecooped-out holes, hearing "evi dently written records of great antiquity, and altogether Mr. Wragge Is satisfied that they date back toi the time when pre historic man first migrated from the Nor thern to the Southern Hemisphere. It is to be feared that Mr. Wragge is not taken quite seriously. When he first came over here he need to indulge in a good deal of weather prediction, and a prophet of that sort is seldom -accorded great honour in his own country. Mr. Wraggc's habit of giving the storms that be predicted the names of: members of the Ministry excited rude mirth, especially when mariners were warned to beware of "Buddo" in the Tasman Sea, or when the country was threatened with the cyclone Ward.' So that Mr. Wragge's wonderful discovery in the fastnesses ox the North—he has declined to specifly the exact locality—has been received with more or less respectful doubt. Professor Macmillan Brown, of Christchurch, who has studied the anthropological problems of Polynesia, is inclined to accept the probability of the find being genuine, especially in view of the undoubtedly authentic megalithio remains elsewhere in this part of the world, atid the existence of something like Druidical circles in other pa its of New Zealand. Other scientists, such as the late surveyor-general, Mr, Percy Smith, an equally keen student of the past, suggests that Mr. Wragge has found a number of natural bapaltie columns, such as were known to lie in the locality of the alleged "temple." The marking on them, which Mr. Wragge declares to be of human origin, Mr. Smith thinks are pro bably the natural hollows and marks found in that particular formation. Mora will, no doubt, be heard of the matter, for if the re mains are/ genuinely megalithio, they would be of great scientific interest and value. GOLFERS IN COURT. A case of some importance, and much in terest to golfers, was heard at the Welling ton Supreme Court the other day, when a Mrs. Leekie and her husband claimed from a well-known medical man, Dr. Ernest Raw son, £786 damages for injuries inflicted upon the lady by a golf club in She doctor's hands. Mrs. Leekie, it appears, was crossing the links towards the golf-house, and passed close behind the tee on which Dr. Rawson and two companions were awaiting the arrival of a fourth player. At that moment Dr. Rawson swung his club and struck the lady behind liim right in the face, the whole of the front of her skull, including her nose, being driven in two and a half inches, so that only part of the tip of her nose pro truded. The doctor at once drove her into Wellington in his car, and assisted at the operation that was immediately performed— an operation which appears to have been wonderfully skilful ana successful. It was claimed, however, that her nervous system had sustained such a shock that she could hardly write, and was not able to sew at all, while her olfactory nerves had also suf fered severely. There was, of course, no question that the occurrence was purely ac cidental. The point was whether the doctor had bec-n guilty of negligence, or whether the lady had not taken care to avoid danger. There was much evidence ah to the pre liminary swing being part of the game, and as to the propriety of persons standing or walking directly behind players on the tee. Dr. Rawson asserted that on looking round before addressing hie ball, he saw no one near him, except his companions, who must have been between him and Mrs. Leekie. It was further suggested by counsel that the lady was wearing one of "those - ' tin " curiously-shaped hats of the inverted soup-) plate order, that it was tied down over; ner cars, and that she was walking along j against the wind with her eyes on the : ground, without looking where she was . going. The jury evidently agreed with this , view, for they found that the lady alone had been guilty of negligence, and there- ( fore was not entitled to any damages. i  SOURltESEARCH i CONFERENCE IN CALIFORNIA. OB$ERVATOR\TMn MELBOURNE. . fiAN 'FRANCISCO, Wednesday. Many matters of technical. Importance have transpired at the opening Session of the International Union o- Solar Research at the Carnegie Observatory in California. The Conference at fts sitting to-day expressed" Itself in favor of. establishing a solar observatory in Melbourne, and as one purpose of the Union Is the establishment of such, observatories at points of advantage all round thf earth, the announcement is apprecl 1 ated. When Mr. Clement V. W-ragge was in Hobart at the time of the solar eclipse last May a representative ot "The Daily Post'' had a -cliat with him on the -subject ot the proposed solar observatory 111 Australia. The astronomer was asked if he thought tha' the proposal would serve a useful purpose. "it is a grand thing," he answered "I .advocated it years and years ago, before it was thought of, and tliey laughed at me. Solar observationf are the main astronomical factor on which we must rely for tho forecasting of seasons —. droughts or gooi" seasons. The first thing Is the physical condition- of the sun with re spect to liis maxima and minima moods—that is sun spots. The solar periodicity or cycle from one maxima to the next maxima Is about 11 years Some people have no.suspicion otthe extent of those great vortices, like cyclones, with an energy of which we have no comprehension. These may bs up to 70,000 miles in diameter, and in which this earth with its diameter ot 7918 miles could be swamped as a little stone in a volcano. Around these sun storms, and particularly at their edge, and when the fiun Is ai Its maxima, or greatest energy.liydra :en flames CO,000 to a24,000 mile? in ength shoot out from Its surface. These hydrogen flumes ore hurling s drift or vibrations of the very etbei itself—that subtle medium that links up all that it—from the atoms and germs in the infra-universe to the giant suns In the supra-universe. this connection it must be understood that this earth and our fellow planets were hurled off from tlie sues of which the human mind can form no conception. Nine hundred million ears ago the earth was thrown, off from the sun. The earth, therefore, as well as tho other planets, are in harmony with the sun, as two harps are in harmony, or as two warships —one at Hobart and the other at Sydney—might he in communication Willi each other by means of wireless telegraphy. The earth being In harmony with the nun responds to the great solar vibrations, thus we come to the main' reason of earthquakes, tidal raves. volcanoes drought*. Every energy with which the earth is fami liar, has bec-n familiar, or ever will be familiar, is energy of its parent, the sun. A solar observatory in th&lt; clear atmosphere ot continental Australia would therefore 1io of the highest importance." "One of the things that I was going to watch this afternoon, if the eclipse had been visible,'was the corona ol the sun—that electric vibration, as wi might term It—the waves of which 'flash' out from the sun's edge for 500,000 miles. 1 also Intended to watch for the bydfogen flames -before mentioned, and for the shadow bands." 'The second point In the forecasting of seasons t! the astronomical position of the moon. The moon, during certain periods swings to a greater or lesser, extent north or south ot the equator, and this induces plus or mlnuB atmospheric tyes which can be likened to the tides of the ocean. That swing might be 2814 degrees north and 28*4 degrees south of the equator in one mouth, when It !s at its greatest swing, to 17% flegre»s north and 17% degrees smith, when it Is at its least swing. When tlie moon lias a wide swing, like the wide swing of the pendulum ot a clock. It lifts the vapors of the upper regions ot the nt.Tiosfiheru, *bere the cold air ot relatively high temperatures acts as a condense^, to theBfe vapors, consequently the rainfall Is increased, and the reverse takes place when the moon has a smali'swlng, and the rainfall falls off. The perturbations pro,, duced by the astronomical positions of ihe planets is a very complicated business, hut is also connected with the forecasting of the seasons. The greatest work in meteorology In Australia is the forecasting ot the seasons so that squatters and others may know wfien to stock their runs.  ME. CLEMENT WKAGGE'S PLEA FOE JUSTICE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE AGE Sir,— With much surprise I read a para graph in a city paper of 17th inst. stating that Senator Maughan had re quested in the Senate that a more effi cient system of weather warning stations should be established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast. I would ask what has happened to the chain of observ- ing stations that I personally equipped with the best instruments that London can produce, when in charge of the Queensland meteorological service? And I was the more surprised on read ing that Mr Hunt has completed arrange ments that will make Brisbane an up to date meteorological station, equipped with instruments specially made to suit the northern climate. Surely there is such a thing as justice in Australia, and in that sacred cause pray allow me to speak. For sixteen years I was' head of the Queens land weather service, and during that tinie I established there (as Sir. Robert Philp, a former Premier, fully admitted) a "meteorological and .weather warning sys tem second to none in. the world." The Brisbane station was first class in every respect when I had charge. Has all my most arduous work, faithfully done to the last item, gone for nothing under the new regime? Storms were warned and forecasts issued by me that were verified to 95 per cent of accuracy, and not only was this done for Queensland, but for every part of Australasia, as people will remember, and all this on an annual vote of £1500, as against the £22,000 (I believe) now expended by the Federal Weather Bureau. Great goodness, what do they do with the money? Mr. Hunt talks of instruments specially suited for the northern climate. This is mere moon shine. . Standard instruments, such as I employed and personally fixed in position over the whole of Queensland, including Cape York Peninsula and the far west, are available all the world over, and the sooner the Minister in charge realises this and asks a few questions the better it will for a long-suffering public and ship ping. Let justice be done, though the heavens fall. — Yours. &c.. CLEMENT L WRAGGE, FRGS, F R Met Soc etc, late Government Me teorologist of Queensland. 22nd September.  A Prophet's Predictions. MEAT WAVES, CYCLONES, AND 'QUAKES. Australnrin Is in for a bad time. ' Past disasters will pale into Insigni ficance if the predictions of the lat est prophet— or even a minimum of them— come to pass. And there is always a chance that one may strike It right, aod establish a reputation fur accurate foresight. Many weather prophets have arisen In Australia of lste years, but they have been content to atop at pro- dieting1 for a year ahead. To Bar- medxnan, however, belongs the honor Af producing a prophet who baB eclipsed the predictions of all tbe names known to Australia. Egsaon. Russell, wragge. Hunt, and tbo man from Moree are not now In it. Tbe new man is silent as to nls system. It may be as simple and as convincing as aching cores in the act of foretelling rain. But whatever ft is, neither time nor distance cheeks its efficacy. Isobaric pressure, high level stations, kites, barometric 1 observations, and tbe like, which are believed to figure largely in the elaboration of tbe forecast of a day or so, have been overshadowed. Even Zadkdcl, Old Moore, and tbe other great predicted, have con tented themselves with hazarding the doings of a day, but the Barmedman prophet's predictions are enough to make tbe boldest of Australia's clti- sens shiver in their shoes. Neither Mr. M'Gowen nor Mr. Wade, nor tbe Egyptian plagues, could promise greater disasters than Mr. H. Walsh, of Rarmedman, who writes under date, May 2, as follows:— "During the first part of 1913 there will be great beat waves, caus ing many deaths, cyclonic dlstmban- ecs, causing towns and shipping to be seriously an'ected, and devastating floodti, causing greut loss of life and property. "Droughty conditions will rule more or less until 1918, Then there will be a return to n succession of good seasons. There will be an earth quake in New Zealand in the year 1912; sod an earthquake in Austra lia before 1917; and, owing to the great depression that is about to affect this country, free or assisted inyaigratlon to Australia will cease in 1913. Tho great drought of 1912 will continue until the end of this year.— (Signed) H. Wulsh, the Bar medman Weather Prophet."  A PROPHET'S PREDICTIONS. HEAT WAVES, CYCLONES, AND , 'QUAKES. Australasia is in for a bad time. Past 'disasters will pale into the insig ninficante if the predictions of 'latest prophet — or even a minimum of them — come to pass. And there is always a!' chance that one may strike it right, and ?establish a reputation for accurate fore sight, Many weather prophets have arisen in Australia of late years, but they have been content to stop at predicting- for a year ahead. To Barmedman; however, belongs the honor of producing a pro phet who has eclipsed the predictions of all the names known to Australia. Egeson, Russell, Wragge, Hunt, and the man from Moree are not now in it. ' The new man is silent as to his sys tem. It may be as simple and as con vincing as aching corns in the act of foretelling rain. 'But whatever' it is, neither time nor distance 'checks its ef 'ticacy. Isobaric pressure, high- level stations, kites, barometric ? observa tions, and the like, which are believed to figure largely in the elaboration of the forecast of a day or so, have been overshadowed. Even Zadkiel, Old Moore, and the other great predicters, have contented themselves with hazarding the doings of a day, but the Baremdman prophet's predictions are enough to make the boldest of Australia's citizens shiver in 3iis shoes. Neither Mr. McGowen nor Mr. Wade, nor the Egyptian plagues, could' promise greater disasters than Mr. H. Walsh, of Barmedman, who vrites under date, May 2, as follows : — 'During the first part of 1913 there will be 'great heat waves, causing many 'deaths, cyclonic disturbances, causing towns and shipping to be seriously af fected, and devastating floods causing great loss of life and property. 'Droughty conditions will rule more or less- until 1918. ' Then there will be n return to a succession of good' sea sons. There will be an earthquake in New «Zaland in the year 1912; and an earthquake in Australia before 1917; and, owing to the great depression that is about to affect this country, free or {assisted immigration to Australia will tease in 19T3. The great drought of cgia will continue until the end of this yeaT.— r'(Signed') H. Walsh, the Barmed man Weather Prop-nek' ?Careful investigation has shown that lilic Englisjj measure, the rod, pole, or perch, -.owes its origin to the pole or Sgoad which was u£d«i to direct oxen.  The following appeared in our Second Edition yesterday. ! northern meteorological ; bureau, 'Almost immediately after the tragic Disappearance of tho Yongala on the northern coast of Queensland the " Tele graph " started an agitation for the establishment of a completely equipped meteorological bureau at Cairns. . The matter was vigorously talfen up by northern chambers of commerce ; repre sentations were mado to ' the Federal Government, and deputations waited on tho Federal Minister for Home Affairs. But, for some reason never yet explained, tho chief meteorological officer set his face against the proposal, with the re sult that, so far as that officer's de partment is concerned, those who travel northwards in the cyclone season ot tho . year are exposed to all the perils through which' those /who travelled our : northern coasts before meteorology was known as an exact science, had to pass. So keenly did the people' of tho north, feel on the subject that tlicy entered into- negotia tions with Mr. Clement Wragge, for tho organisation of a meteorological bureau, the expense of whose , upkeep was to he undertaken by private firms and in dividuals. Apparently, that scheme must have fallen through, else it would not have been necessary for that Townsville deputation . which- waited on tho Premier on Saturday to urge his influence with the Federal Government establish a bureau in tho north. That Such a bureau still should be wanting is almost in credible, Meteorological news and data concerning , conditions in the north are sent to Melbourne. After they have wearily reached that city, they are sent hack oil the t" wearisome return journey' to Townsvillo and Cairns, where they arrive, as a rule, about twenty-four hours after , they are of any use. That the cyclonic season is tho 1 special playtime of devastating storms that wreck landllnes as they wreck- cob webs, apparently has not occurred to the chief meteorological office. That such is the case is as well known to all who have had occasion to -use those lines during the cyclonio season is a matter of com monest knowledge. Therefore, after reli able meteorological data has been received in the north, and has been seat on the . wearisome return journey to .the south, the chances are that somewhere betwixt Brisbane and Cairns, it will meet an im passable abyss of broken communication, over which it will be passed probably , not later than the week ' following. This may appear to be a hyperbolical statement' of the matter. It is ot such authenticity, that experience consistently hears it , Out. And the most amazing part ot this apathy or indifference of the department, cancerned is that so many disasters might have been averted had the bureau in ques- tion been established when first it was proposed. What will result from the re presentations of Saturday's' deputation 'J (The Premier is known to be a "stickler" when once he starts out on a quest. But prill he be able to overcome the forces, ; that, for vears, have stood in the wav of the establishment of the proposed northern meteorological bureau ? If ' he is able ta do that, . and if he is able to succeed in his quest, then, indeed, he is. entitled to the V.O. of politics.  [?] Oracle TolCr/clk. of -./far weather, nnd ^?|#^#J^^,Vin'''fSMb:8fiaitiaUs!: with withering /effect, visited a great portion of Victoria, South. Australia, and the .whole -of Eastern and South ern Rivel-ina, Mr. , Wragge .once more becomes a prophet, honored . in his own country by thejpeopleas.a whole if not -.by., ihe .^governmental authori ties who ' so (-stupidly, unjustly, :arid: unwisely '.. made j bis „ official ^position, untenable /and jirac^cally forced him. to, resign^ ^Ih't ieasons for. this were obvious) enough to '.anyone having knowledge of , what iwas -going ,on be hind thfe-'jBceitesi;. Mr. Wragge hadr .w^n^sucha^reatreputation'through olit 'Australia; as-, a'' metcorplogjst/ and so much importance was- attached to his ;'. opinions ,1»y -.the', press-' and the, peoplCj.of the .different States, that all the State ''astrbhomcrsCappe^r to have become jcalouB of him. . From this source, reacting ? '? on .: local' -poiirics, arose the ^undercurrent of adi-crse in fluences -which resulted in thisTcmajk able man being so; shabbily ' treated - by the ?Commonwealth,and;,the loss of . official services ? so gteat,' and so' far r^acljing, that they simply 'cpuld not- be 'computed :by huma'niigenci'cs.' And . e\-en after Mr. Wraggc'had abmdoned ' his posidon,'-nd the splendid :wprk;he hajd been carrying dn at.-Mt:; Kos cjusko— a^stip 'renderea -ujiavojdable by the cutting off of financial supplies ? by ihp Governmfcnt— ^ie still remained .! an object of -.jealousy in meteorologi cal circles. He ?till- retained the con fidence ofC the people and this was something 'which lesser minds do not seem to have been able to forgive him. At all events repeated and per sistent efforts were madc! to have Mr. Wragge (. classed as anything but a true scientist ' His 'long distance' forecasting was held up to ridicule as a sort of scandalous indulgence in wild empiricism- at the expense of incteoro,logscSlj science. We have al ways been among those who regarded Mr. Wragge as perhaps the one true ?scientist in the domain' of natural phenomena in this country. ? siucc he is anoriginal investigator, with theor ies and views of bis -own, 'and has t^evcr been content, to merely follow i'h the footsteps of other people and accept without question, or search ing; independent1 examination, the so ; called1 established scientific truths and .facts of those who have gone over the same ground before him.. Of course Mr. Wragge .is -notan'' orthodox r or Icpnventional Scientist- ?'; M he -tJ-ere his services -woiild not have been of ;h3lf as much value '.to the -cqunjtry js^ they are.- In some measure fie rh-i' the eccentricity which is commonly associated- with; gen~ius-^thcref ore, ; in ithe 'inculaf and .limited judgment of the xonventSonsfl inind' of science, he is4not a 'true scientist,': but some ihinjr:of a mountebank and a little-of . tile fakir. But whatcvpr. Mr. Wragge r is; or 'is not, he has the melancholy Satisfaction of -having scored an im inerise and conclusive triumph over tws critics and the people wno toonsn-.. ly attached importance to their-:indir-; ect attacks on him as a weather, pvo^ phet. It may be that there is m55 'true scientific' basis :upon whic^.-tg/ make -long distance weather forecasts.; It may.be that there* £j 00 abBQlute 'certainty abour^n^thing that jiniyrfe predicted as to -^he; weather. cpxditibd'J:; of ' next -month, -or; next year, jpr^ ^ij; vears -hence. -But' the man iwho thas. the natural ?de.ductiv.efacuity,.the forc-i sigh-v:aiid-. iheL^pwers of pbserya tion whicI}-wiH enable- him t0 arrive ?at jsubsiantially.^jcorrecti .conclusions: witii regard- tp-thp;,furure, by an t&in-. cst^ndi&jelligentfitu^y oT past con7; dition^atid; sisperipnee's tnay, .ai -tr. WTagge.has Jn--st' unmistakably demon- ; (strat-;d;-,jaiia ,scn§e,; penewate the'. vial, nf uiidcyelp'ped^hehoniena and rough jy Vforci^rihc iharacjter of the seasons ^hVchXrc;^,tJ^.'tp'r;Cptne, ? 11jere is' \»bt^ini;;;*'freakish/l.7ior eccentric, ] or ^api'a'zaVd^.in ?; J-,nature. C The ? whole ^ist ^ sfeheine^'wprks upon a sure -and : a fVsteniaUc'%aBis..:vv:^rhe .truth ' that 'IfistpryC^peSteCiitself1'. is 'truer of nPthingt^iaii; ~!oi '?}_ natural phenomena. ^Ill*e*^0r|e^:$^tistical history of rhis coun^ry^My je xplpr ind s'ubEtancc to-Mie^4yafiV)j3iieWy of ithe seasons: saod;*o ^ie|tf^i|Fnihat ;they are gov ir^cd*%fprc^:^ieh,tire beyond the ippwcrs MDtt}iic-}i|imra.U6n : ahdv' comp're ?people; ; ^r^lyrag^e .holds,, tcn ?^clou^Jy;ito'.^e-pSie?!Shat the weather : ssftarg^/Tif ^ot'^cillyj dctcririned l-y .flieinau^ncpsbf jsijnspbts; and that '^'??jjlc^jjrj8&cfe,-;W*;ftis .phenomena is. ^iwe^r ^«,ss;ii^«lar.;; 'VSfMUer that; ^epry,tas-a.nyi^eal\rbaisis -iii scientific ifact'w^ 46 %btj^inp^.p ;The «nport n»t thing, I^wre^ryis: not how Mr. SWfagge arH^es^t3iisi,;«pnclusions or: ^iethiBr AW^**ojMi:p?y -;'S|* ''?? le ;|pfejnately . .vfeci^ijijG^v^-'' ' -'or: -.-?sonje-' ?riurig^ ^ yJn'-'iiySWieM-f^^ure'-v;: '?of 1 fiblhck ina^c'VJrtmAhe^Piht of view ; ^;%C;ConyenfilD^alM^pr^bgktiiridT 'otifiers j'so .'iac^nBii.n^^iiinalify.i^jat;. they I00V ^tKj^rsir^^aSH6p!«on {upon 'atiy 'thpuMt^r?JJ*o^'eiss'ytfcit .bas : ^Pt1icen'l-aU6^dii^(3miiie ^jMtunenily respl^yie?byt;|TOei;^j|-^-'|(!sage.:' j5?l»e ililhg-' wJiicnife.i^'Smpprfe'n^'-'v^id, ?«'eVn\^o^^^coun^?a|s^a|t|;;jMft--/ rSy«ree^a'S^i^tt^s1ieayilB^6e^^:; ;ieas^^^bejS^8fa^p^''$f';ih'e.^«l'; majority ;*Tf- ih&'ipe^pje-,;^- '3th'fe=J,sais- : !coibfitow!^^plP;*^P^M^y:i '^opgb't.ito'?jl^ve^mW:birtS.H!MMi^si^ S^Spmtei;:-; The distinguished. m«J ?iSoi^lBg^,sft^s '^trt Tbcvnpttd, js. n9t :^t all ^rJi^ijIerlEd* Jjy laving' :hi's V .''long djstaljciS'- tiicories stigiriatjscd as a vw^siSiij ?s& \'$\tr holy : . princspies of edenctw iH&iBpme time ago, prepared a J»repasrtaow!t^ig .^hene^tas years, as («^oijys^J'Duj.iug' ,-ioii afld ^.parts of iOiaiiht raibfall, taliing Australasia as a ^wh61e;.wiUvbei^nder ' the 'average, TliU by. 'ftp'iiJCJins- implies that there Will 4e' n'p .rain! ..'''On ;thc ' . contrarj-, good Sntervenijig rains will occur, an- the. last 'part -of tljis .period, will,- b^ better.-' 'than .'.'th^' first.1 From . the middle- of 19)5 .PhycaT/ds^jlie^rainfal wilt markedly :lbcreasc,';iind7rbiii^!)ij to ic|20, 'iriclusfvcj the ?seasons will he distinctly good, with, .abundant precipi-. tatioii. i After 1920 the rainfall will begin, to steadily fall off, and the worst part Of the' next 'under-average' per-: ipdwill be 1923 and 1924. Austra lians will be justified in catling that a drought In 1925,, matters will begin' to improve, and good seasons will prevail 1 i rom 19,26 to 1936.'' These forecasts, explains Mr. Wragge, are mainly based on the physical con-, dition of .the sun \vith respect to its maxima and minima moods, moving in cycles of eleven; years, just now we are ncaring the end oi the solar jninimum^-or, (he period when1 . the fearful cyclonic winds arourid the sun,' of which we on earth had no.concep-, tion, were least violent. The maxi mum period would ^ommpnee at the; end of 191 5, And until. then, although: he did yiiot expect the seasons to be so; bad as they had been, abnormal rains: must not be anticipated^ . Interven4 ing rains in' New Zealand should give 3 ' heavier' fall than, in .Australia. .-. . '  The Climate and Weather of Australia. No. III. In this article—the third of the series—the writer deals with the subject of forecasting in a very comprehensive, practical way, explaining exactly how the Chief of the Weather Bureau arrives at his daily conclusions. He also deals with the causes ef cyclones and anticyclones, and their effect on local weather, and explains what different winds mean in the various quadrants into which Australia is divided. BY CLEMENT WRAGGE, F.R.G.S. THE first word in the telegram is a cypher of one syllable conveying the reading of the little thermo meter fixed to the barometer, familiarly known as the attached thermometer. Now, before anything can be done in the matter of ordinary forecasting, the reading of every official barometer throughout tbe Commonwealth must be compared with all the others side by side — the barometer at Thursday Island, in fact, with that at Hobart. As bodies expand by heat; and contract by cold, the barometer itself forms no exception, and the instrument at Thursday Island would be affected by the heat of the Tropics. The at tached thermometers give the temperatures of the very barometers themselves, and enable every one of them throughout the entire service to be reduced by a subtrac tive correction, to the standard temperature of 32deg. F. or 0 centigrade. Such reduction is the first operation. (Read ers will understand that we are instructing them in the art of weather forecasting, and showing them step by step how the operations of the Head Weather Bureau are con ducted.) But this does not render possible a complete comparison, because all the barometers cannot be at the same height above the sea, and because pressure decreases by 0.095 inch for every hundred feet of altitude above sea or thereabouts, since as altitude is increased so much atmosphere is left behind which the barometer cannot measure. Hence it is imperative to know the height of every barometer in the country above mean sea level. Then an additive correction is applied to the barometric reading already reduced to 32 F., and it is possible to compare the indications of every barometer side by side throughout the, whole extent of Australia. If data can be acquired from New Zealand, the Pacific islands, Malaya, and South Africa, and also from ships by wireless, so much the better, for the larger the field of view the more aacurate ought to be the forecasts. Thus it must always be remembered that before anything can be done re ordinary weather forecast ing on a national scale every barometer in the organisa tion must first be reduced by a subtractive correction to 32deg. Fahrenheit, and next by an additive correction to mean sea level. Then and only then can the Chief complacently, take his seat, light his pipe, and survey the conditions. A blank chart of Australasia is placed before him, yet having thereon clearly marked the posi tions of the observing stations. He calls his computing clerk, who brings in a bundle of telegrams. "Look here," says he, ''are you quite sure that every baro- metric reading has been faithfully reduced and cor rections applied for index error?" "Yes, sir." "Simple though those reductions are, have you gone over each one twice or thrice to avoid any possibility of error?" "Quite sure, sir," is the answer. Cyclones and Anticyclones. THEN the Chief's daily responsibility begins. On the chart against every station he enters the re duced barometric reading. This done, he takes a blue chalk pencil and proceeds to join those places or regions where the barometer reads alike by lines, which are called isobars, or lines of equal pressure. These he labels to tenths of an inch. He must use the keenest judgment, and watch the arrows indicating the winds, which have also been plotted, applying, as the pencil trails its way, the standard law for the Southern Hemi sphere, which is thus formulated: "Stand as with your, back to the wind, and the barometer is lower on the right hand than on the, left." The trailing pencil now gradually indicates, the, localities of the anticyclones and cyclones respectively. Positives and negatives, plus and minus, pervade the universe, and the atmospheric waves form no exception. The anticyclone feeds the cyclone, and vice versa. Anticyclones are maintained by a downflow and outflow of cold air from the upper regions of the atmosphere, and cyclones by an upflow and inflow of warmer and more rarefied air. The winds around anticyclones circulate in the opposite direction to the hands of a watch, and around cyclones in the same direction as clock hands. In the Northern Hemisphere the circulations and laws are reversed. The two systems are often more or less circular in shape, but anticyclones may take the form of a long ellipse, and cyclones assume V-shapes, either erect or inverted. Par ticularly is the V-shaped cyclonic depression in evidence in Australia, and, in fact, in the Southern Hemisphere generally south from the parallel of 8 degrees. The monsoonal disturbances which, particularly influence this country during the warmer months are more or less erect tongue-like Vs, and are extensions southwards from the equatorial zone of low pressure, and the Antarctic low pressure disturbances take the form of inverted Vs, and are extensions from the South Polar belt of low pressure. Weather Changes. REMEMBERING what has been said about the main disturbances travelling from westward towards the east, and the circulation of the winds and shapes of the disturbances, it is at once clear that on every side of any given disturbance, whether high or low, the wind will be different, and a change of wind means change of weather. But in discussing what approaching wind changes really mean, the Chief in his chair, with the isobaric chart now filled in and complete before him, as he next proceeds to issue the daily forecasts must loyally adhere to every article of his "profession of faith." The meteorologist has his creed, as also the religionist, and a very practical one it is. It is enunciated as follows: — believe in latitude, longitude, altitude, physiographi cal features; and the diurnal range of the barometer, Amen; and first I believe in latitude. Now, it is a fact How Drought Areas are Conquered in America. This enormous syphon carries a constant supply of water over a hill 85 feet high, in a stream 7½ to 10 feet in diameter. It is not actually an irrigation scheme, though th'e water may also be used for that purpose; but is part of a huge waterworks system at Los Angeles, the water being ;syphoned to the Mojave Desert, 235 miles away. that the barometer responds, to such-and-such winds de pending on the latitude of the place where the instrument, is, and thus it is evident that the words so often seen on barometer dials, "rain, change, fair, very dry," are utterly misleading and worthless in many localities. But let us return to the completed weather chart and the Chief in his sanctum. Subsidiary loops or twists may appear in the isobars, and every loop, every, line, has its meaning. In fact, the completed chart is like an intricate piece of music, which can easily be rendered and interpreted by an accomplished hand. Well may we speak of "the music of the isobars." At times and in places the isobaric contouring is wide apart, in others close together, meaning easy or steep barometric gradients respectively, and the steeper the gradient the stronger will be the wind, as the steeper the hill with greater force will water flow down it. Recollecting all that has been said, the Chief's daily responsibility now centres in the issue of the forecasts, and the keenest faculties of judgment and correct diagnosis must be employed, exactly as an experi enced physician diagnoses a case. Useless the instru ments, useless the chart, useless everything if these vital faculties are lacking. There are meteorologists and meteorologists, physicians and physicians, and the man who cannot discern the real meaning of an isobar and is unable to read between the lines is bound to make a bungle, and his forecast will fail. In formulating the forecast for any part of Australia, latitude and physical geography most particularly must be considered. A few instances will convey what we mean: — A north-easterly wind on the Queensland coast, west from the east coast ranges, and in the interior and on the south coast of Australia means different sets of conditions altogether, and the same may be said of the other winds with regard to other parts. For a discussion of winds which depend on the isobars, and what they mean, we may summarily divide Australia into four parts by lines crossing at right angles, say, at Alice Springs, and these must be again subdivided into coastal and continen tal. What the Winds Mean. FOLLOWING is a summary in cutline — and there are many modifications and exceptions depending on seasons and the different degrees of anticyclonic and cyclonic energy — of what the winds mean in the quadrants or regions just indicated: — North-eastern quadrant, embracing Queensland. — The barometer in this quadrant being mainly tropical is but little guide, save when it falls half a tenth in half an hour, when it is a sure warning of a dangerous storm. N, NE, E, and SE winds mean increased humidity in all districts near the sea, the coast of Carpentaria excepted, where NE, N, and NW are mainly damp, and temperature will increase or decrease with respect to the latitudes whence the winds blow. Removed from the sea all winds will be much drier, W to S especially so, except northerlies under an energetic monsoonal disturbance, because coast hills and tracts will; to a large extent, absorb the moist ure. South-eastern quadrant, embracing southern Queens land, New South Wales, Victoria, and part of South Aus tralia. — Barometers generally fall under winds between E, N, and W, and rise for SE to SW winds. A falling barometer in south Queensland in winter often means clear westerly weather. NE to SE will be damp in east coast parts, and SE to W damp on the south coast; but N to NW will be dry in those districts and very hot in summer and cold in winter. Inland, again, as in the other case, all winds will carry less moisture, and NE, N, and NW will be very dry bordering St. Vincent's Gulf. In Tasmania, being insular, conditions will be accentuated or modified, depending on proximity to the coasts and in fluence of the Tiers. South-western quadrant, embracing western South Australia and the southern half of Western Australia.— Barometers behave generally as in the last case, except that westerly winds near the coast are dirty and often wet under a falling barometer. All winds between W and SE will be damp bordering the coast, and NW also damp on the Western Australian littoral, whereas north erlies to easterlies will be very dry, exactly the reverse of conditions in coastal Queensland. Inland in this divi sion northerlies to easterlies will be especially dry, and the latter particularly cold in winter, and the moisture of the other winds will be much lessened. North-western quadrant, embracing northern Westralia and a large part of the Territory. — Barometers behave generally the same as in the north-eastern quadrant, being tropical. Bordering the coast all winds be tween NE, NW, and SW will be more or less damp, and those between S, SE, and E will be dry, while inland all winds will be dry, except under energetic mon soonal disturbance. Now, these are first principles depend ing on latitude and topography, and we repeat that there are exceptions depending on barometric gradients., and the seasonal contouring of the isobars, and what has been said about the winds must be considered also with refer ence to the climatic zones. To make our meaning still clearer: — Take the case of a circular anticyclone incoming from the Indian Ocean. The wind will be E on the north side, NE, on the north-west side, N on the west, NW on the south-west, W on the south, SW on the south-east, S on the east, and SE on the north-east sides respectively, and as the currents sweep round cyclones in the opposite way conditions with respect to circular low pressure sys tems are reversed. With an eye like an eagle's and per ception sharper than a two-edged sword the boss meteoro logist knowing his business can forecast all these condi tions and what each implies; he can locate rainfall, advise the squatter, warn shipping of dangerous gales, and pre dict all phenomena resulting from the passage of certain isobars, and he should be accurate, as we have said, to at least 95 per cent., for Australian forecasting is by no means difficult when one knows how to do it. Now, is not the whole study fascinating in the extreme, although it involves tremendous responsibilities in an 0fficial capacity? (To be Continued.)  WRAGGE'S PROPHECIES. Tlie weather prophets of this tlis- triet, with whose reputations the functionary controlling the weather department of Nature's administra- tion has played skittles, may take some consolation from the fact that the big gun meeorologist, Clement Wragge, has badly missed, hot only, the bull's eye, but also the whole target at which he did some long distance shooting in 1914 says the Dubbo "Dispatch".) Looking through old tiles of the "Dispatch" Ave find that in October, 9l'4, he rashly es sayed to foretell the Aveather con ditions for a period of 10 years. - '-Luring 1914," said Mr. Wragge at the time stated, "the rainfal Iwill be under tlie average. This by no means implies that there Avill be no rain. On the eontraiy, good inter- vening raids will o eeur, and the last part of this period Avill be better than the first. From the middle of 191 oomvards, the rainfall will , markedly increase, and from 1916 to ' 1920 inclusive, the seasons will be distinctly good, Avith abundant pre- "j eipitation. After 1920 the rainfall ; will begin to steadily fall off, and : the Avorst part of the next great hinder average' period Avill lie 1923 and 1924. Australians Avill be jus tified in calling that a drought. In 1925 matters will begin to improve, and good seasons Avill prevail from 1925 to 1930." These forecasts, explained Mr. TVragge, are mainly based ,011 the physical condition of ! the sun Avith respect to its maximum i and minimum moods, lhoA'ing in cy- j c-les of eleven years. Just uoav Ave I are nearing the end of the solar | minimum — or the period Avhen the ' rr»ir8yaLLiBwi'Jiu.i.nw!'ii',%M i n. fearful cyclonic Avinds around, the sun, of Avhich Ave on earth have "no conception, Avere last a'iolent. it Avould seem tha£ t\Ir. \Yragge's prophecies, like dreams, must be in terpreted by contraries. In other Avords, if -"Wragge says it is going3Jjfc. to rain, you may bet your bottom dollar it Avill be line. A.g Mr. Wragge predicted that 191S Avould be a fat year, and failed miserably, thei'e is reason to believe that, instead of a bad period being entered on Avith the .advent 'of 1920, the earth Avill give forth is fruis in abundance, and Jupier Pluvius Avill be in benignant mood. We are also inclined to be lieve that if Mr. Wrageg Avould con fine his investigation to things mun dane — as the Dubbo Aveather pro phets do — instead of straining his eyes looking for spots on the sun, he Avould be a better Aveather ' tip ster. . .  NOTE FEOM MK. 'nrBAGGE., To the Editor. Sir, — Ju*t allow me to say, in simple justice, that, if the Central Weather Bureau, Brisbane, had been in existence — the annual vote for which did not exceed £1500 per ftnnpra — three days' warning at least .would have been given of the recent cyclone off the noith-v.'cst coast of Aus-. tralia^ I am, £c, CI.EUEST.C WRAGOE. Chiltou. Victoria, 29th March, 1912.  CORRESPONDENCE. NOTE FROM tíR. WRAGGE. ' -. ¿5 - ' ????it's To tho Editor. - , ' .Sir.-Just ailow mc to say, in ¿impla ' justice, that, if thc Central Weather Bureau, Brisbane, had been In existence the annual vote for which did not' exeetd £1500 per annum-three days' warning at least would have been given of tho' recent cyclone ofT tho north-west coast of Aus- tralia. I nm, ic., ¡ m.w aEJ,E!fT C. WRAGGE. Chilton, \ ictorta, 29th March, 1812.  MR CLEMENT WRAGGE. " A VOYAGE THROUGH THE UNIVERSE. " It is safe to say that had the wea- ther been more propitious the Gaiety Theatre would have been crowded to hear Mr Clement Wragge give his scien- tific and inspiring lecture, entitled, " A Voyage through the Universe. " In opening, the lecturer said a truly scientific man was no atheist, but was forced to recognise the Divine Archi- tect. The lecturer explained that the stars were really suns with their own worlds revolving around them, many of &nbsp; &nbsp; the suns being grander than our own sun. As our sun had worlds revolving round it inhabited by human beings, so, no doubt, these other worlds were in- habited with beings very likely of a higher order, and more intellectual, as there were no two suns nor two worlds exactly alike. By countless beings of orders in many cases far higher in the evolutionary scheme than we are, and suited to special environment, refined etheral creatures in fact, with nervous &nbsp; systems so exquisitely constituted that they would vibrate to the passage of a meteorite. And again, other worlds of other systems are inhabited by crea- tures lower or denser than we are is as sure as we can be sure of anything. All come in in the great scheme of cos- mic evolution— all are sparklets of and from the Infinite Reservoir of the Life of the Most High, and nothing can be annihilated, not even one electron. Science and religion are one, and the sooner ministers of religion recognised this, the better it would be for every- &nbsp; &nbsp; body. The best cathedral to worship in was an astronomical observatory, &nbsp; and no one couls worship there without exclaiming, " Wonderful are Thy Works. " If men could only take a tele- scope and study the stars they would find that astronomy makes them humble and lifts them up higher and higher until they came into harmony with the Most High. The Southern Cross was well known to all with the two stars near it called pointers. The lowest or brightest of these two was the near- est to the sun and the nearest to the earth after their own sun, yet if a rail- way was run from the earth to the pointer called Alpha and the fare was only one penny per 100 miles, it would take £900,000,000 to pay the railway fare, and running at the rate of 60 miles a minute it would take 41,000,000 years to get there. If it took so long to reach this, the nearest sun, how about a railway to the other suns. The lecturer then touched on flowers and their minute creation, and suddenly, referring again to the marvels of the heavens, asked how any one could study these things and not cry, " Marvellous are Thy works o' God. " Our sun was thrown off from a mass of nebula bil- lions of years ago, and our earth in turn was blown off from the sun fully 900,000,000 years ago, and the human race on this planet ante dates by far 600,000 years, as shown by the evidence of the rocks, which are the grandest historians that we have. The hydro- gen flames of the sun were as much as 150,000 miles long. It had been mark- ed that when all great earthquakes and eruptions had visited the earth there had been these cyclonic storms or black &nbsp; spots on the sun. After the interval the lecturer dwelt on the moon, which he said was a life- less world, though not absolutely so. The earth was eleven times larger than the moon, and the dark marks on the moon were the old dried up seas and &nbsp; mountain ranges. Various photogra- phs and drawings were screened, and upon these Mr Wragge dilated at considerable length. The different co- mets as photographed from the leading observatories were shown, and the reasons for their appearance given. The lecture was attentively listened to, and the lecturer was frequently ap- plauded. At the conclusion of the lecture de- monstrations were given on radium. Mr Wragge explained that the Alpha rays or particles travel without ceasing for thousands of years at 15,000 miles a second, the Beta rays, which are es- caped electrons go at X24,000 miles a se- &nbsp; cond, and the marvellous Gamma or Ether rays travel at 186,000 in one se- cond, and passing through so-called " solids. " Zinc sulphides enables our limited vision to see the effects of the Alpha rays, and barium platino cya- nide shows us the effects of the Ether rays, which will pass through iron one foot thick. To-night the subject is " The Majesty of Creation, " and this will be the last opportunity Zeehanites will have of listening to the great astronomer.  SUN AND WEATHER. ^ | i . . ^ , MB. WBAOCtE'B rOEEOABTS. ^ I4 ? seismic Acxmry m mo. £ , . i ? ? '* - ? -m , . ^ ^ ^ MThe present maximum of tlie fiun,'* said Mr. Olemcnt Wrflgge in an inter* ticw with nn 'Auckland Weekly News' reporter on January 7, 'in prob. ably tlio most abnormal on. record. Ten days ago 17 disturbances, popularly call* ed Run spots, were observed in the solar photosphere, tlie largest being- about. 45,000 tmiles in diamotor. Bab upheav als even greater, to 300,000 ? miles in diameter, liave been obseri'ed during tbis remarkalble period- of solar -upheav- al. Prom iheBe titanic cyclones in the sun, ether or wrolesa waves of varying wave lengths are always emanating, and under them tlie earth and our fel low planets sing, vibrate, and bum like the singing of a telegraph wire, but inasmuch as all our senses on. tbe physical plane are limited, our orgaus of hearing ore not sufficiently acute to respond to them. In order to under stand this theory it must be borne in mind that the whole endless universe irom sun iv sun, jmiiicb m piiuici;, sys* tern to system, is governed by wireless waves. Our Bun is operated in its turn by the ether waves emanating from our next nearest sun, which is Alpha Cen* tauri, the brightest of the , two pointers to the Southern Cross, and so it goes on through the interstellar or inter-solar spaces. Factors In Climatic Changes. 14 The forecasts of the seasons are based on three main factors, first tbe physical condition of the 6un with re« gpect to its maximum and minimum moods; secondly, the astronomical po- giticms of the moon and periodical swing of lunar declination; thirdly, the. perturbations or wireless waveB that are for ever working throughout our solar system, linking up the earth with our fellow planetB. That this working hypothesis with respect to seasonal wea ther forecasting is a sound one there is no doubt whatever, but a source of error lies in the fact that we do not- yet thoroughly understand the nature of the emanations from Alpha Centauri, which affect our sun. It is a remarkable faet that there is a connection so intimate between, the weather — if we may use such a term — of the sun and the weather of earth, as if the two frodicsr, through 93 milliona of miles, were actually link ed Hp by a telegraph wire. So they are in very fact, but -by wireless, as X have already stated. Xn tbe northern hemisphere of the sun winds of terrific velocity sweep around in appalling and fiery cyclones in the opposite direction to the hands of a clock, and in tbeaou* thern hemisphere of the sun, in the same lirection of clock hands, and the very same circulation takes place around our globe in the northern and southern hemispheres respectively Forecast of Stormy Season. : 4 'Arguing from these standpoints, and ?eeing that actions and reactions per* fade the Cosmos, there is every reason to believe that the approaching hnrri* I cane season over tbe Pacific, Islands off j the coast of Queensland and New South , Wales, and the north-west coast of West | Australia, also around Mauritius and the South Indian Ocean, will bo very pronounced, and, as such disturbances are e^peeled to pass further south than usual, it is reasonable, to suppose that the Auckland Province, and especially North Auckland, will be in a measure sJfeftted by tlie southern sides or edges of the Pacific storms, which should re sult in heavy winds from between eastf north-east, north, and north-west, with accompanying periodical heavy rains. The present absence of rainfall is main ly due to the condition of wli3t may be termed the static equilibrium attaching to the summer solstice, and as the sun's southern declination decreases towards the equator the state of affairs just mentioned may be expected the more to develop. But' it must ever be borne in mind that, with regard to forecasts of the seasons, we dare *ot speak ei cathedra, that we only claim, and eqnif ably so, a high percentage of accuracy, knowing that our hypothetical formula is a sound one, aud absolute accuracy is never expected, remembering the qualii fying influences from Alpha Centauri. Sunstorms and Earthquakes. 'In regard to earthquakes,' coatin* ued Mr. Wraggc, 'there is no doubt the sun's influence is tbe prime factor —I do not say the only one — in causing earthquakes and volcanic eruptions.; The recent Wairarapa earthquake fol* lowed a mighty Bolar upheaval exceed ing 300,000 miles from edge to edge.; The Guatemala earthquake was contem* poraneous with the enormous solar en *'gy already mentioned, together with the eruption of Mount Vesuvius. I am not forecasting future earthquakes, and' X am not sounding the- alarmist note, but I do emphatically say that in con sequence of tbe change of wireless wave lengths from tj»e sun— like altering the gear of a motor car — which are bound to operate after 1920, conditions will become more favorable for seismic and volcanic action in all those parts of the southern hemisphere where the surface of the earth is weak. It is just possible i — I do not say probable — that} some of , the Alleged extinct volcanoes may- be* gin to manifest some slight signs of activity, My advice when that period arrives io those people who live sa earthquake areas is not to sleep too near chimneys, . which are liable to tumble, down. It is possible that seismic action may become evident in the neigh' .borhood of Cook Straits and Canterbury Pialhe, but remember,1' he concluded* 'I am. ot pounding the alarmist note.] The tone-that I -uae ie embodied in tho word 'caption. 9 ' : i . . '?* 'ii &  ,A NOVEL EXPEBIENCE.1 WATERPROOFS AND UM- BRELLAS NECESSARY A GEXEEAL BAIX. FURTHER DEPRESSION COMLNG UP. For several weeks the sky baa re- peatedly been hidden by thick ram laden clouds, which threatened to burst over all parts of the State, but until Tuesday evening the people had not had occasion to resort to waterproofs and umbrellas for protection, although what is usually one of the wettest months of the year had half gone. Only bght showers fell on Tuesday night, and on Wednesday showers were experienced at intervals, and the fails though light were of a soaking descrip- tion, so that both umbrellas and rain cloaks were called into service. ín the evening the downpours were light and intermittent, and every drop that fell soon disappeared in the thirsty soil. The Government Meteorologist 'repor- ted on Wednesday morning:-"Kain, has fallen generally over the agri- cultural areas, due to the An- tarctic disturbance which yesterday covered elie State. The falls, however, with the exception of the Mount Lofty Ranges and parts of the south coast, have been only light in character, and in most places the quantity received was less than a quarcer of an inch. Over the upper northern areas the heaviest were "22 points at Wilmington and 19 points at Quorn. Elsewhere the average was about 10 points. In the lower north some of the falls were slightly heavier, and exceeded a quarter of an inch, Snowtown, with 34 points, having had the maximum. Other useful totals were 31 points at Bute, 29 at Cryecal Brook. 28 at Redhill, and 25 at Narridy and Watervale. On Yorke Peninsula also a few Btations registered about a quarter of an inch. The highest gauging was 31 points at Green's PJains. and Stansbury had 30 points. Port Lin- coln and White Well on the west coast, received 26 and 24 points respectively, but otherwise the precipitation was only light. On the Adelaide Plains and in the county of Light no places recorded, as much as ,2A po'ints. Mallala and Hamley Bridge, with 22 points, were tue most favored. Over the Mount Lofty Ranges the rain was patchy, but some moderately heavy falls, exceeding 75 points, were gauged. The highest were at 'Woodside and Hahn- dorf, which obtained 91 points each. Meadows registered 83 points. On the Murray Flats and along the Murray Val- ley only a few scattered showers were ex- perienced. In the soutn-eastern areas aleo the precipitation was only light. Lameroo and Cape Northumberland^ with 30 poincc, and Narracoorte» with 29 point-«, were the only towns which gauged more than a quarter of an inch." The disturbance is still noted this morning to the south of Cape Northum- berland, and further showers are likely during the next 24 hours, chiefly confined to the southern and south-eastern dis- trict. High-pressure conditions are ap- proaching the northern parts o? the State, and the weather there will soon be- come fine. But another low-pressure wave is noted south of 'Western Austra- lia, and should bring more unsettled weather over South, Australia- in a few dayl." ' The 9 P-ui. report stated:-"Except on the far West Coast, wljere it was clear, skies were more or less cloudy fo-day, and over the central and southern districts more showers fell. Between 8.30 a.m. arid 3 p.m. Mount Gambier .received another 30 points.^ Stirling West 25 points. Cape Northumberland 15 points, and Clare 1 point. In the city several showers fell in the afternoon, and up till ,9 p.m. an additional 7 pc¿ntsi were registered. The barometers have risen "everywhere in South Australia, showing* that the,-¡aati-cyclone noted on r the chart, centred to the north of'the Bight is advaifirâng eastward- Under1 its influence the weather may be expected to become"fine, but not for long,~as another' rain disturbance is approaching"'the, south- west corner of the continent, and should in the course of a few days bring more un- settled weather and rain in this_ State." A GOOD WORD FOR LISBETH. Lost night Mr. dement Wragge stated: -"The Antarctic - disturbance, ' Lisbeth, non»* "iretehes continuously fronv the South Indian Ocean,_ across the Soutàiern, Ocean, right' to Tasmania, *and the low-pressure wives off Albanv merely constitute her western side. Lisbeth wfll continue t» in- fluence South Australia for at least two days, and will doubtless caifce more inter- mittent rain over the agricultural areas. We are not saying that the falls will be heavy, but sufficient to cause a temporary or îutPTvening break in the 'drought.' Thst the rain -will produce incalculable good everyone "wdll admit,, and to com- memorate .this blessing farmers might christen their unbaptised daughters by the name Lisbeth. It is soft and eupho- nious,' and will cling to -the tongue like thç"sive&lt;*test nrotar. Aá'-already" advised, the "eastern States -vviH get" her too."  CORRESPONDENCE. am. wrajgge's pftSDictiow (To the Editor)* Sit*,-Some of your readers seem scared by the remarks that Clement Wrasse has made regarding a pro longed. drought. With ail due re i Bpect to bis ability as a meieorologlBt there are sometimes circumstances lUat produce specialises. Wben 1 met l»m Jh-st, about 1&U0, in Ipswich', he was just about at tbe zeniUi of bis lutue, and as we aU juiow predicted a;) the storms and cyclones tUat canie along from tbe very simple reason that with bis astuteness and business capability, be bad tbe Government "by tbe ear/' and tbpy put recording elation-^ everywhere and arranged for was just abaui at tbe zenith of his daily papers. Tbere should certainly be some better scheme tban we bave in Queensland of conserving our water supply, but for any t»ane person to be apprehensive of tbe prognostic-, atioQs of & man who has been absent from us for so' long and not quite out of toucbi «Hh &lt;>ur ever changing climatic con-' ditiona, passes my comprehension, If bis assistant, Mr. Ggg, vruu was with bim in bis prime, and has been with us ever since, bad made tbe statement, 1 think much more weight could be attached to it, but under present con* dittoes I tblnk that, like looking for & water site, there's a lot ot guessing, and possibly s little looking for notor iety. Yours, etc.. "RINTURLANDER." i WiutoD, September 22.  THE ROMANCE OF ATNIOS- PKERE LECTURE BY MR. WRAOGB. The popularity of 4he lectures delivered by Sir. Clement Wr.iu'S", F.Ii.G.S., was furrier evidenced last evening when ihe Town Hall was filled to its utmost seating capacity with people who went to lietr his loetin-j on ""The Iton-ance of the Atmosphere." Mr. Wrag'e dealt with lus subject. In a wonderfully entertaining stvle, and as the more technical parts of' his lecture were Interlarded witn wittv anecdotes, and explanations, tlu evening nassed oft most pleasantly. Mr. Wra'gge prefaced hia lecture by lirst explaining the wonders of meteorology and astronomy, and ill so doing lie Illustrated bis rcmirkJ by pictures project.-il from a lantern, aiid beering a precis of the subject under discussion?. Meteorology, said Mr. 'W'raEie, was of Immense value In nseerto iniiig wliar kind iof weatner would obtain, and what seasons might lie expected for nontlis and months abend. Tiie study of astronomy was nlso necessary, I'or 1 great many cases ether disturbances were caused-by the vast liydro- •n flames given efr by tht sun, and ihese disturbances and solar changes often went hand in hand. The lecturer stated that by carefully observing ibi* sun changes he bail been nbla accurately forecast weather changes. with regard to tiie astronomical features of the moon, a great mauy people had from time to time asked whether these flashes affected the weather. lie had never gone into this matter very deeply, but be bad the evidence of Mr. Ellis, of llie Greenwich Observatory, who after S years' study bad become convinced that they did not, except in low latitudes licar the equator. Dealing with the wider question of weather forecasting. Mr. Vrapge said that ballcon, kite, anfl mountain observedons were of frequent licln In solving tlie problems of the air. Even ns a sailer used bis sounding lead in the depths of the oceant so did the meteorologist have to ' sound the heavens,, as. It wer«, by his instruments. These balloons were Sited with beautifully built self-recording Instruments. Meteorology, however, demanded consistency of record, and the vagaries of floating bodies such balloons and kites must sometimes upset, calculations,' the best way to find out what was going on in the atmosphere was by means of instruments placed /on mountain tops. The Instruments working simultaneously with Instruments pluced at. sea level, could portnit an average of the atmospheric conditions to be obtained. While speaiir.g on this point, Mr. . "tVragge dilated on "the good-qualities of Mount Hen Nevis, Scotland, for tb!s class of work, and also referred to the observation stations established by him EOlr.e years ago on Mount Wellington and Mocnt Eoscinsko (New- South AVales). It-was-a popular mlscouctp- tloh to call a meteorologist "a weather prophet, and also to imagine bim to a man who relied entirely on the weather glass. In ibis instance be gave a decidedly interesting sketch of some of his own experiences deoling principally -with his work as Government Meteoi-olcgist In Queensland. He also detailed his work In connection with the Meteorological department of Queensland, and sfr.tcd that as be bad carried out ills \wk tljere, so was it carried out all ever the world. The remainder of the lecturc was profusely illustrated by means of lantern slides, explanatory of tho pnlbs of cycki-ic and anti-cyclonic systems. At tlie concl ii-ion of the lecture, Mr. Wragge exhibited specimens cf radium, and explained (lie clgin, uses and possibilities of this wonderful Mibstance. He nlso demonstrated the wonderful activity of the Alpha. Beta and Gamma r&ys.  23DQS NORTHERN MINER. PUBLISHED OAILV , THURSDAY, MAY 22, IBIS. TO-DAY. AinnBemcsU. Olympla Pictures, Theatre Itoygl 8 p.m. On board the steamer Eastern ore (i nrrae nf Wuwinn settlers, seeking a home In Queensland^ One family ct three disembarked at CalrnB. Mr. Kodcn, manager of the Sarlna mill. Informed a "Dally Mercury" re presentative that they expected «o treat C4000 tons of cane tibls season and manufacture about ?000 tons of raw sugar. This is not a record crushing but very close to It. The deposits at the A.N.A. penny Savings Bank on Saturday lut amounted to £5/8/6. The withdraw als amounted to £6. The directors for next Saturday are Messrs. J. H. Qtley and C.. T. Jfeal, The Mfcyorg Aid. ¥\ Johnson, ad vises that owing to the Bishop cf North Queensland, Blab Op Feetham, not arriving until1 the lAte train on Saturday, the civic welcome for which invitations had been I|sned, bad un fortnnateiy to be aihandoned. His Excellency the iQo^emor, Sir William MaeQrcsor, trill arrive In Town avl lie on Sunday next by the WyjwdTo, and *111 stay until Sunday night. The message giving this In formation adds that the partytad a wonderful trip through the western country. At the Eight-Hour sports at Too Woomba last week, h. R. Glover, of Tdtywoomba, gave an exhibition' of Jumping, and created several world'! records. In six standing Jumps be covered 69ft. 6ln thus^eatlng (bto own world's record. 7# Mrtee standing Jumps be covered 3fft. 61n. which is an Australasian record. In a stand ing broad Jump, he created a world's record by covering 121U 101d. He also created a new Australasian re cord for hop, step and Jump, covering Stttt Bin. The shipment of log timber from ! Mackay (says the "Dally Mercury") has not amounted to anything con I slderable In the past, but with the opening -up of thei Eungolla tableland there Is every prospect of . a regulhr trade belug established with the south In this direction. By the Botnbula ryrat-rdny, Messrs. C. Porter and Sons shipped to Sydney tlx eflar togs, of especially good quality, con taining over 4,000 superficial feet. This shipment is the first of 30,000 feet being procured on the range for placing on the Sydney market where It has tlie reputation. of alwuyfl com manding top market price. On Sunday night, l&tft lust., the fine steamship Shropshire, E50 feet long, 1Z,S00 tons, commanded by Cap tain 5V-. I* Pwntio*, who feu bees 1' connected with the Australian oversea trade for itaujy Jwars, was safely navigated Into (Ms port by Pilot Switaer and berthed alongside ilio Jetty without , the least trouble which '(proves that .Bowcn enn hold her awn i with" uiy ot the other ports in Queens land, and with more dredging end ' wharf extension would lie one ot the finest (Fays the Bowen "Independent") The Shropshire is ibe largest vessel that has ever entered thla port. She will load frozen meat and sundries from Mcrinda Meat 'Works and will sail this evening. Consigned to Mr.C. E. W. Kennedy, I of Manfred Downs station, there lea- | Vfs by the Western mall train this ' morning, a B-ton "Oommer" Motor Waggon, Which is to be used in the transportation of wool from the vari ous sheda to the railway line. It was supplied by the Csfiada Cycle and' Motor Agency (Queensland) Ltd, and was Imported direct from the Wnfes at Luton, England. The body of the waggon was constructed by Mr. W. Percy, of this town, its carrying capacity is G-tons, and it can maintain on average speed of 1; miles per hour when fully loafed, there are now several, of these waggons in the "West, and all are doing good work, ? . Encouraging reports were present ed by tbe'deleg&tes at the conference of Australian co-operaiive butter dis tributing firms In Sydney regarding the strides made by co-opersitive in stitutions and to the adaption of the system by producers.' Not only was co-operatlom making rapid progress among dairymen- but it .wap extending to the bacon-curing, the sale of all kinds of farm produce and in various otier directions. Tie direct consign ment to the home market - had also increased in favor, and was now gen erally recognised as the soundest and most profitable policy for the butter export trade. The "Dally Mall" says :-Although the cyclonic storm "Trojan" predic ted by Mr. Wragge did not do much damage lb Queensland lis effects are now being felt by the blocking of all traflla by disastrous floods in thei Hunter and Hawkesbury rivers. All trains between Msltland end Newcas tle are held up and consequently no mall from Sydney reached Brisbane last night. It is interesting to re call the fact thit Mr. Wragge was in a remote town In South Australia lait Saturday wWn he telegraphed to "the Daily Mail" predicting the cy clone and warning people of Its ap proach. ",A correspondent to the Vtovfusville Bulletin" says:-1 notice iinthis morn ing's paper that Captain Tiikell, the Naval Commandant, is in the North, and will return here next month. I think that It Js a Biting time for those responsible who ate tree to speak, such as Canon Williams, who takes such a deep Interest in the Naval forces, to protest against the heavy clothing the lads atp compell-J to wear during the warm months of the year. The seme thing applies to lb'1' Military Cadets. Surely our medicos wlll do something to hflng about a more suitable weight ot clothing to suit the climate 4y representing thet. oplnloiu to the authorities. An American correspondent of n soutliern taper writes "OTiere c:) to be no duty > fin raw wool. The truth H that tift protective rate on Wool &bs been unsatisfactory in its effect upon production and has been used to bolster up excessive duties on woollen goods. I shall not at tempt to anaJlyse here the provisions ot the revision bill which covers more than 3000 items. Something mny be said however, about the sugar rate, as to which there is an Interesting contest. Our sugar duties have pro tected die growers ot cane sugar in Louisiana, a. Demdcratlc State, and have created and supported tlie best sugar Industry ID two or three far western States. President Wilson and the radicals of Ills party desired to make sugar free, but Democrats senators from the cane and bed. sugar States protested. The bill pro vides for an laiihedlete reduction ot one-quarter and for free sugar three years heijce. Wis also Is opposed by the senators affected. As I have said, the party's majority In (he Sen ate Is only si*. It is now expected that at least three, and possibly Ave, Democrats will £ote against the hill If the sugar Clauses of it are retained, and some tbU)k that may be aM'-J by Democrats from States where a duty on raw Wool is desired. The bill is menaced in no other ct present. It will be sefin that three, or four protesting Democratic sena tors can exert a restraining influence. The South American republics have decided «o follow the example of Canada and* Australia, both In ad vertising the Resources of their coun try and also inducing all of their dtltens to drink only porter's Ball dog Ale and 8WIK,* The Hon. T. Paget, M.L.A., and Mr. Wvnn Wltllams, M.L.A., W|U deliver an address in Itavenswood on Monday night next, on,the Referenda proposals.-(Signed): H. Millett "Mlner" Office, Charters Towers. Another lot of ladles' woollen Golf Coats, three-quarter lengths, various shades, at 18/C, 51/-, £5/6, 2S/6 and 32/6. Also, Wool and cotton Golfers, Norfolk style, belt attached, at E/«, 16/11, 8/11 and.10/& each, at Arlda's ."The Home of Good Values."* The attention of those Jn teres tea is directed to a. notice In this Issue dealing: with an examination for wind ing licenses t&lt;r be held on 21th July next. Just opened,up by post-Ladles' ! Tone Felt Hats, various colors, the IsUiVM «/il. «/U, 10/V *nd we. todies* all wool Night and XUfiklttg Hats and Caps, in navya, grays, creams, greens, etc., at 1/11. 2/6, 2/11, and 3/11 each, Arlda's only.  [?] THE. totals of the Referendum polls are ; .gradually reaching finality. There is no alteration in tlie practical resulti liut the "No" majority increaseis, aiid thd verdict, of the country is riiade' more uhinidtakubly evi- denti The attitude asBumed " -by; — Labor MiniBtera ia indicative ."'.'of a, iniiid. con founded by a sudden collision with the un expected. According to temperament some are angry and irritated, "disnoscd' like Mr. Hughes, to .relieve their feelinga by, indul gence in abuse. Others of more placid de meanor refuse -to believe that they can really; have been; wrong, in their' apprecia tion of the national mandate, and bestow « pitying regard on the temporary abcrra- tion which has overtaken the Community. Thus the Priiiie Minister in hie attempt -to recover from the wireless shock, comforts himself- with the conviction that the coun try ia only, awaiting the opportunity td" re deem its error. "At" the general /election in 1913 the people's will," . gays Mr. Fisher, "must inevitably' triumph ' over all ob stacles." It may be suggested that in the recent vote the people's will has triumphed. If. the same proposals are repeated a year or two henie we. do not doubt that a simi lar answer will be given, with. the differ ence in Consequence that the Labor. Minis- tiy will" no longer be able to -retain its position. The intimation given of an in tention to renew the struggle should serve as a guidance to the Liberal 'party, and enforce the necessity of maintaining and improving the methods of organisation Which secured' the recent victory. Liberal policy " should be presented in a . definite form and made, clearly apparent to the people as synonymous- with progress and prosperity. THE Acting Prime Minister is taking his beating .badly, lie is i|iu:i;u. oiis in complaint and trivial in. explanation. Pirst of all he was inclined to attribute the defeat of Labor desires to universiil brb- ery, an insult so futi-le and .foundation-less as to ; cover its author with .scornful ridi cule. Then he resorted to" imputations of falsehood and misrepresentation, .'forgetful of the fact 'that he was the least. entitled to make insinuations of - this kind. ' Before the outcome could be anticipated Mr. Hughes's harlequin agility as a ' platform 'brator was the occasion' of general jest. Hjs next move was to ' discover "electoral irregularities, and on the slender basis ot a canvassing card or two being left in a polling booth' he built lip a wide-reaching " charge against the honesty'nhd.'impaitiality of those' entrusted with the electoral ar rangements. Mr. Hughes's barrenness of resource under defeat .was further illustra ted in his fretful declaration that as the country -would not allow him to overturn the constitution there should be no more Federal legislation. He has since thought, better of this stupidity, and has acknow ledged a wide scope for Feder'al" activity. Mr. Hughes threatens another referendum, to be taken at the time of the next general election. It is well that the. people should be forewarned of this resolve to pervert its decision. In voting "No" the coumryj r"lfj?gw what it meant, arid meant what it -fdVLt is not likely td alter its determin ation, jvth in a yeiir or so, and if iabor 'rfefudes.tp learn the lesson -which has been given;- the next rebuff may be of a more rffl&lt;«nature. Its majority was obtained Liberal support at the last elec tion." Its abandonment of Liberal policy will 'lead to a withdrawal, . and then the surprises of the next election may be as great as those of the last. TnOSE who have followed the course of the harvesters', strike, and Wit nessed its conclusion, will wonder why it ever was begun. Tlie men haw lost 'three months' wages, the employers have suf fered from the interruption to business, and there is no gain of, any kind to be placed iii the opposite balance. The ad vance. in wages which the men obtain was offered at the very beginning of the struggle, and when tlie demand- for a unionist monopoly was withdrawn, or at least practically surrendered, "there was no reason, except the dislike to the accept ance of defeat, why the men shopld not have returned to work. The obstinacy dis- ' played inay have served as' a magnificent testimony to the fidelity of the men to their interpretation of unionist principles, but it was hot an illustratipri' of their common sense. Now that the strike is over, and the men are going back to their ' "employment, it Will be wise policy to. let "bygones be' bygones. Both side's have agreed, to bury the hatchet. The unionists may have learnt the lesson that considera tion is '"due" to others as well; as to 'them selves; 'and that.' the community is not pre pared to approve the .' dictatorial assump tion that the right to labor is to be con fined to those willing ' to pronounce the unionist t shibboleth. There have been some regrettable actions in connection with the -strike, notably, the tendency to ah, use anil tlie failure on tlie part of labor leaders to denounce with whole-hearted sympathy the incentive given to acts of violence and the occasional committal, of outrages. Unionism,- which represents th« highest deyclbpment of labor, ; cannot af- 'ford Any association -with crime. . . k. USTRALIA'S ncc-ds are; aptly pre- sOL -'seated' in the two words-zpopulation arid peace/' ' We 'require to largely ;11r»Wreajse. the-nuiriher bf-- oiir pcople, in order- that Ave may " redder more "substantial the -fourida . tion on which; the security of the nation must rest. . We want to enlarge the num ber of producere, so that the resources of the. country may receive adequate develop ment. An. energetic .policy- -of iinmigration is essential to the attainment of this end. So also is it desirable that there should be a concentration of energy in extending .the opportunities of productive enterprise. Labor and capital should work together in pursuance of this purpose. Unfortunately, there is exhibited a strong disposition to antagonism, and Labor policy seems to be designed with the intention of stirring up strife instead of giving encouragement to every process of amelioration. Industrial progress cannot he made while the two essential factors in the combination are busily engaged in fighting nach other. The. wages board system in Victoria .assures to labor a fair possibility of reasonable wages, and conditions 'of work. Tlie methods of agitation, which have been adopted, pro mote" industrial unrest, which interferes with development and prevents the expan sion' which otherwise might '-'take, place. "Workers suffer by their possibilities of employment being thus restricted. Mr, Hogg, the retiring president of the cham ber of manufactures, declares that it is the uncertainty of conditions in regard to labor which has crippled the manufactur ers' initiative, arid has. driven out of. the country niueh of the work that ipight have been done therein. B Y a slow and arduous ..process . .the Arbitration Court is formulating the principles on which industrial action, will proceed. In the dispute recently before. Mr. Justice Higgins several important points were raised. Claims were advanced on behalf of tlie Engine Drivers and Fire men's Union, not only for an increase of wages, for the determination of liolidays and the regulation of overtime, but for tlie endorsement of -tlie demand - that, prefer ence should be given to unionists. In the matter of wages the. Court was disposed to accept the proposition that any increase in the cost of liviug must influence the deter mination of a "living wage." and. there fore, where prices advanced a demand might reasonably be made that more should be given. Of course conditions might differ between one place and an other, and what would be fair in one set of circumstances would be insufficient in another. On tlie. question of overtime the feeling of the Court was that the practice should be discouraged, as overwork . meant overstrain, a deterioration' of physique, and, perhaps, a shortening of life. Prefer ence to unionists, however, was the vital issue. On this point Mr. Justice Higgins declared himself loth to do -anything that was not necessary to interfere with the dis cretionary power of the eriiployer in the choice of his men. The whole strength of the minimum wage position was that it enabled the employer to pick his men. Yet he was of opinion that .the quickest road to industrial peace was to facilitate and encourage organisations of representa, tive bodies of employers and employes, and the submission of industrial disputes to, the court by organisations. While it might, not be advisable to make any award which should restrict the .discretion of the em-, ployer unless it was absolutely necessary for the preservation of industrial peace, he indicated clearly enough that if the enir ployers acted unfairly or with prejudice in the rejection of unionists, he would not hesitate to Jxereise his power of declaring preference. STlilATES.. -Tike prophecies, ae apt J to go wofully wring. Mr. Hughes is finding some little comfort . in his afflic tion in rioting the mistakes of his oppon ents. When the 'Federal Land Tax. was being bitterly opposed as arbitrary, unjust arid unnecessary, the objection was also raised that it would prove excessive. Mr. Fisher acknowledged that he was quite in the dark as to what it would produce, bur those who were crying out mo.-t loudly in anticipation did not hesitate to declare that tliis tax would produce over £3,000,001. The official view advancc-d was that about £1,000,000 -would be obtained from this source. Results have shown -that -alarm was an unwise guide; and that the uopre.-- judiced expectation of the department wa- based on surer ground. ' The returns re ceived show that 12,511 land owners' will' be liable to the land tax, which ..applies only to estates ' of not, less than £5000 unimproved value. Three- fourths of the assessments have already been made, and on this basis it may sa'ely he. concluded that t'he tax will return little. . if any, more than a million. From the early outcome it was: assumed that V.'ciorii would feel the burden more heavily than New South Wales, but this is not so. It is now certain that New South Wales will pay the more, a conclusion which appears natural in view of tlie enormous difference -im area. Then, are still misconceptions to lie cleared away in -regard to the work rig of '.the Federal land -tax. Private calcula tions do not always agree with the official declaration, and it is evident that someone lias blundered in the interpretation of the law. The department occupies the advan tageous position of being its own judge until at least an appeal is riiade to legal tribunals. So its ruling has to be accepted. The difficulties of joint ownership have given rise to ii great deal of difference, arid the department has found it necessary to issue an official explanation. . A LTHOUGH the census has been taken, XX we must wait in patience the tabula- ... tipn .of results.- ; Meanwhile, however, the Commonwealth statistician stifles the hun- ger for information, which the .counting of the people mav provide by .issuing his, ;.year, book.. True. the figures supplied are a-year or riiorcokL and do riot possess the exacti tude which we may' look for in' the census records, but they offer a foundation for sound inference arid profitable conclusion.- A general survey, of the. results recorded justifies the ' most sanguine confidence in Australia's possibilities. What has been accomplished is a guarantee for the greater development of .the future, when our states men are w:se enough to realise the supreme' importance of riiultiplying our' population, and Labor abaudctpri, its ignorant' and selfish objection to a policy for the encouragement, of imiriigration. How far the opportunity exists in this direction may be vaguely gathered from the contrast which Australia offers in tbe'magnitude of her area and 'the sm'all . number of her people. Tlie density,' of Australian population is ridiculous'y minute, and, compared with the teeming hordes cf Asia, offers' an indication of national danger in the yritirs to come "if the warning be reg'eefce'd. Our'riches, on whi;h we fondly dwell in, illustration of our enter prise and progress, -may -furnish the induce cent to envious design unjess we take the precaution :0.f bqilding, up 'the. nation on a stable and adequate foundation. It is satis factory -.to know that the area under crop is increasing, and the average yield per acve. as high in the case of wheat as 13 73 bushels, ;s proof of good seasons. But our farmers are far ' from having exhausted potent alities, for in- other countries an ave rage yield iias been obtained of three time's the amount. The Commonwealth. Year Book yields an abundance of interesting food for thought. We may discover therein much matter on which to ponder. - BEFORE the next State election takes place the new rolls will be in opera- tion. The more .exact method, of .compila tion introduced nas made a wond rful change. Tne bouse to ' house canvass adopted by the police, together with the greater- care exercised in filling- up tlie re-, turns, has resulted in' hundreds Of: names being added to the rolls .in- -every district.' Indeed, ..in so far ag the' metropolitan area is concerned, with the single exception of tlie . city, it would be no exaggeration to say. that the additions have been by the thousand. St. Kikla has over 8000 incr. ase,' and the other districts range from 3000 to 6000, save in the case of the Melbourne electorate, where the difference is only 864; Altogether, in the seventeen metropolitan electorates., there has been an increase of £6,000. The country; constituencies, as a rule; are very much smaller than those in' tli'e metropolis, but the additions in many- instances run well into the "thousands., Mornington. for example, has over, .5000, Dairies added, -to its roll, Lowan 3735; Dan- denong 3381, and South Gippsland 3078. There are still some 20 districts to be dealt ri it-li, so that it is not possible to arrive at an accurate conception concerning the to ai addition to the l'ol's. But on tlie b-.sri of increase already" noted there should be at least 150,000 new names recorded. The Government Printer has a heavy task be fore hini in the printing, of 'the .lists, but it is expected that the rolls will, be rcadv in ample lime before the next- appeal to the country. Tt is possible that this will take place in Novetnbpr, as tlie session may be a short ore, arid the convenience of farmers- will be consulted in the avoidance' of liar- vest time. -How the amplification of the rolls will affect results is a problem which the future must determine. WbATHElt prophets are not immune from error,, but trie science of me teorology is based on definite principles, and tlie predictions, when ma'de, on a suffi ciency of data, may he accepted With a reasonable faitli iu their . fulfilment. Mr. Hunt, the Commonwealth - Meteorologist,1 doe.-; not aspire to the mantle of Mr. Cle- . ment Wragge, and foretells the. possibilities with the acknowledgment of his liability to mistake. J.ha variations of depressions are not always to be declared with accuracy. But "Mr. Hunt is courageous enough to form theories of his own . While discarding ... ... nr_ . position, he is inclined to believe that there- may be some association between hurri canes and the break up of a drought. He. lias discovered that, marked cyclonic dis turbances have not infrequently preceded excellent seasons on the North Queensland coast. In 1903 the - break up bf the drought in New South Wales was marked by a .hur ricane in the Pacific in the early part of the season . His explanation is that the. hurricanes may give just the impulse of oscillation to the atmospheric stream which produces the rain. The idea, if there is anything in it, may be of some importance, .since as the hurricanes .occur .in the early part of the year, the interpretation of their siguifieafice meteorologically may give an indication that the subsequent nine months- will be a good season. "Mr. Hunt does some thing to dissipate the dread of droughts, lie does not say tliey will not .come but , b? thick-' we »!arm ourselves foolishly be forehand by the acceptance of unstable theories. Neither cycles nor sun spots are now accounted of service in weather pre diction. In no national meteorological ser vice is any attempt being made to use the cycle theory for the purpose of anticipating the probabilities of tlie criming seasons. HOWEVER unsatisfactory is. the im portation of locomotives which might have been made within the State, it is' ne cessary to remember the predominating condition that consideration /must be giVen to the. general requirements oP/the. commu- nity. The Railway department fe unable to supply the proper facilities of traffic. It Has broken down badly- under the strain of a prosperous season, arid the producing in-' terest-s have been made subject thereby' to; much inconvenience and loss. . A repetition: of this' disaster next year counot "be ;ac-, cepted with resignation, and the Comiriis-. sioners tell us that the' only way out of the- difficulty "is ' to iinport: tlie rolling . stock which cannot be manufactured" here."' Pri vate enterprise ' in locomotive building is extinct. There .was a tiriie when there yvere foundries able to "do this /work, but, they were killed -v when Newport" established a- moriopolyj.and no orders were- procurable to' keep (. the niaqliinCry ,emiployed.' ; " So ' the' Phctriix . Foundry at ' ' Ballarat was dis- ' mantled, and Melbourne firms sought other, avenues of. trade; - Newport is; unequal to. any increase of the demand made upon 'it, - so that withd rit locomotives being obtained elsewhere we might/.be faced with/a replica., of rilie present deplorable failure. It viri on the faith of this -presentation of ' tlie position that authority has -been' given with -the concurrence but against tlie will of /pro tectionists, for the ordering of 40 eftgines , from English firms. -Yet tliere is good reason for the feeling of 'resentment against this departure from protectionist policy. The.Railway. Commissioners' are chiefly to' blaine through their, neglect of prescience iu, their estimate of /future", requirements.. They should have judged more nearly what, their wants - would he, and have made, ade quate provision. It is doubtful, indeed,' vyhetlier,:tlicy yet. realise their full respon sibility in this respect. The community will not . pardon easilj' another . breakdown in protectionist policy. HE. proposals , for tlie re-orgariisation' JL of. the. Working Men's College are of- a drastic nature, The 'committee of in- quiry lias come, to- the .conclusion that-tlie present 'methods of management' imder 'an elective erimniittee' are radically bad, and that . the only way of irriproveinerit is to reform . them altogether. - rThere has been dissension instead of unity among the- coun cil, and tlie staff has been /permitted to- gel out of hand. Adverse cliques' have been' formed, working against ea.cli, .other, and more intent on. their own grievances than , concerned in promoting the interests of the institution. Tlie very great services ren dered by the director are fully recognised; but he has suffered, in the want of support-' given to him by the governing, body, -with: the result that' there has been a want- of. .coherent' organisation:' "Mr. Fink and his colleagues propose that the institution 'shall 1 be taken- over by the .State, /run by the Education- department, and -the name- changed to tlie Melbourne .Technical Col-- lege. It is a serious matter to suggest that an, undertaking which owes its/ incaption to individual generosity shall :be. thus absorbed, but 'the argument may be used that in this maririer 'the 'original purpose o£ Mr.-Ormond- will be more faithfully carried out". Be sides, the .State has /always occupied / tile position of what may . be called, the predo-. m'inaiit' partner." It was the donor of the land on which the institution has been established, and has. sustained the -largest share in the cost of maintenance.. Its right of interference therefore cannot be dis puted . But the strongest . argument - to be advanced is that the change will lead to more effective teaching. Technical instruc tion is a: matter of' so much importance .to, the' eommunity that nothing below the very , best efforts can be approved. SOME ' little disturbance of public opinion has" been created by tlie re- assertion of Roman Catholic dogma in re lation to mixed marriages. There is mis understanding on this question. The Church has asserted its privilege of deter mining its own ecclesiastical position, but it cannot interfere witli the operation of the civil law. It has no vestige of autho rity over any but its own adherents, and in their case only as far as they are pre pared to act in accordance with its de crees. Mixed marriages do take place, in spite of priestly discouragement, and the conditions which the church, impose have no validity beyond the range of personal acceptance. The "Ne Temere" decree, re cently pronounced on Papal : authority does nothing more than assert the official view which the church takeB on this sub- iect. Witli tlie purpose of preserving its 'nfluence over its own people, it requires hat/ where a member of the church mar ries one of , another. . faith, their marriage must be celebrated under, the conditions imposed by the eburch. It cannot enforce tliis requirement in ''any other way' tlian by ecclesiastical penalty. Tlie declaration that. otherwise tlie rimrriage is invalid and the children iilegitiinate is a mere brutum ' fuimen, . having no influence beyond the. sphere of ecclesiastical authority. In the M'Cann case no doubt a grave injustice was done , to the mother , deprived of lier children and if . the husband liad not fled away . to another country he might have been brought under the operation of the civil , law. Outraged Protestant feeling finds satisfaction in . the declaration that Roman Catholic Interpretation , of its own doctrine is an outrageous interference with, civil rights, and an intolerable insult to the marriage institution" according to English and Australian law. Is it considered de sirable, then, that the State shall liaye the power of - interference witbin the ecclesias tical sphere? If so, some Very thorny, diffi culties, not confined to one particular cliurch, may be anticipated. . .  MERRY, APRIL Mr. Wragge's Latest Brand3. Mr. dement Wragge had a spare even ing at Petersburg on April 1, and he sac down and wrote a 'special edvice and orecast.' At the time le was in the quiet of his bedroom, 'surrounded by a cy clone of papers, instruments, and litera ture, scattered all over the floor.' He determined to utilize the leisure by having a genera] look round upoa the impending weather conditions of Australasia. 'Im primis, the great antarctic disturbance named Ulysses, is about £00 miles south west from Albany. That he looks vicious ia to put it mildly. Within the 'time as signed in our forecast, published on March 27, he will influence the area of the Great. Bight, and sweep thereafter in majesty to wards the eastern States. His eastern umora is, nowgver, running a flay late, having been blocked by the western isobars of the high pressures, which acted much as the cushion of a, billiard table repela the ball. 'Ulysses' will mainly operate 'between the parallels of 37 and. 50 deg., 'but his eastern and northern edges will cause warmer weather in South Australia under winds from between - north-east,/ north, north-west, and west, with . occasional naaty local blows and foxy dust-spinnies, by which hats will go flying to leewara and opportunities occur for snapshots in the streets. These conditions will also affect Victoria, Tasmania, and southern New South Wales in turn as the disturb ance passes eastwards, and thereafter the winds will shift to south-west and south, followed in course generally by more bleak weather and rain vas the barometers begin to rise again. Sydney, and the region thence to Gabo, Hobart, and Melbourne will get another good doing before 12 days from date have elapsed, and thus ample warning is given to pasengera and ship ping. 'Ulysses' will reach New Zealand before April 15, and he ^3 expected to renew the floods on the South Island and elsewhere. Thua the Dominion is ?warned. The western half of 'Agamem non1 caused the recent deluge south from Dunedin, and the bad weather in Cook's Straits, and even yet this lastnamed dis turbance has not ceased to influence Maoriland. 'Surveying now the far north-west, the monsoon named 'Anan' . (having already caused heavy. rain and a lot of bother north from Geraldton) is still much in evi dence. Local 'willy-willies' are yet b'kely umjer his ' sway, and shipping in those parts cannot be too careful. 'Later on ?Anan' will push his way inland, and cause a renewal of muggy swelter, especially in the northern parts of South Australia, with probable electric etorms. Queensland will enjoy charming weather, and we see nothing ot present to threaten that State. 'One last dance at 'Ulysses,' because we are* immediately concerned in his advent. Remember, good people, he is coming, and; is bound to affect you more or less. Not only so. He will probably be followed by a Kitefljte, or loop, named 'Sinon,' after the perjurer of the Trojan war, with a lot of coastal rain. 'So April will witness a merry time, and those in harmony with Nature. will relish it like a mollyhawk enjoying titbits from the pantry. Pax vobispum! Let readers study Virgil and the Liad of Homer.' -Official Report.— At 9 p.m. on Wednesday the Weather Bureau reported: — The weather was again fine and cool throughout South Australia on Wednesday.) In the city the temperature was 67.1. No rain fell in South Australia or the Northern Territory. However, light and heavy rain was recorded over .the north west of Western Australia and the nor thern! goldfields of that State. In Queens land Mattered showers fell alorrn the coast and downs, and along the New South Wales coast and Blue Mountains there were some heavy gaugings. Bateman's Bay had 353, and Sydney 1.04. A large anti cyclone covers practically the whole of. Australia. The centre is over the Great Bight.'' Prospects point to continued fine weather in South Australia.  HEART OF THE CYCLONE A Terrifying Experience TOWNS PUSHED OVER V Cyclones come and cyclones go, and North Queensland towns are continually being re built. Thero is scarcely a settlement from Thursday Island to Broadsound that 'has not been blown down. Bowen has disappeared on several occa sions. A dozen years ago Townsvlllo ex perienced two cyclones in a couplo o£ years. They were introduced by -tho redoubtable Mr. Clement Wragge, who announced their coming under the names of Lconla and Sigma. It is still a disputed point among old North Queenslanders as-to which "roared tho louder and did tho most damage. Experience "has taught people in Towns- vllle.to detect tho coming of a cyclonic blow. When the barometer commences to fall bo- low a certain figure, those of the population who are not seeking a safe place under ground go out and tighten up the props of the house. HUSH UEFORE THE STORM There are some lenso moments before tho blow comes. It darkens. There is a. still ness in tho air as though the world's heart has censed to beat. A. creepy sensation steels over the stoqtcst heart. Then, as if switched on by means of an electric button, the wind shrieks like 10,000 devils, and the earth rocks. \ Round and round, it goes, snatching up everything in tho way, ripping sheets of iron from roofs as though tearing paper from a pad. Sometimes it takes the whole' roof at once, and then, getting inside tho building, blows the walls out fiat. Tho roof wiil probably go soaring away for miles, along with many other roofs,- and all tho domestic poultry flying before tho storm. This is a mere prelude. Tho safest placo in the absence of a cellar — which is certainly not a part of a Queensland house — Is under a barricaded table, on top of which tho debris falls, and makes the inmate even fur ther secure, until the flood-gates open and rain falls, not in Inches, but In feet, at a time. Towiisville, after the great cyclonp, looked as though It had boon pushed over. "Whole streets of houses— tho wooden houses so familiar in the north— were either lifted up and deposited long distances away, or blown fiat. NOTHING STANDS BEFORE STORM Brick buildings fared no better. They wore not toppled over into a lioap of broken mate rial, tlie top story was either broken off or ripped up and twisted round out of shape. ' Curious things happened. Tho terrific blow struck Cleveland Bay with audi force that It whipped tho ocean back, laying bare the bot tom ot the sea. Horses, made frantic by tho storm, making a dash for the open, galloped on to tills firm land. It was only for a mo ment: tho storm took another .turn, and tho ocean came back, and engulfed them. After all, the idea of the Children ot Israel crossing tho Red Sea is not a fable. It only needed a cyclone to enable them to do so. Tho hush outside the township formed a good playground for the Itnifo of the storm. Coming with a dash, it cut roads through as though with a knife. Huge gum-trees were cut off close to the ground like the hair on a man's chin underneath a razor. This was done by tho outward blow of tho storm! The cyclone, after it has completed its cir cling, bursts outwards like a shell, and that is why tlie present storm lias been felt as far west as Boulia. Tho blow outside the locality Is not cyclonic, it 1b only a kind of percussion, a pressure of the wind outwards, which carries everything before it until it is spent. Cliartors Towers is situated 81 miles from Townsville. The blow of Sigma was felt thero as a stiff storm, but bait an hour after the storm had broken at Townsville tho sea gulls wero looking for a roost on thof gold- field, blown 81 miles inland, Tho picture ot Townsvlllo after tho cy clone beggars words to describe it.  WEATHER WARNING STATIONS To the Editor of ''The Mercury." Sir,-A paragraph appeared in a Mel- bourne paper of tho 17th inst., which stated that. Senator Maughan had re- quested in the Senate that a moro effi- cient system of w-eather-wnrning, sta- tions should be established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast. IIo might have added tho north- ern coast of West; Australia too,' and' asked a few questions about tho obser- vatories on tlio very summits of Mount Wellington and Mount Kosciusko that I started and carried on under most try- ing circumstances. I would ask what lias happened to tho most complete chains of observing stations in Queensland that I personally equipped with the very best instrumente that London can produce when in charge of the Queensland meteorological service; and what about the stations from which I used daily to reçoive data .between Geraldton" and Port Darwin, on the figures from which I used to warn the approach of "willie-willies" in tho north-west in the interests of the pearl- ing fleet? Have they all been broken up ? I read further that Air. Hunt has ''completed arrangements that will make Brisbane an up-to-date meteoro- logical station equipped with instru- ments specially made to suit the north- ern climate." Surely there is sucli a thing as justice in Australia, and in that sacred causo praj- allow mo to speak. Has the best of my life's work gone for nothing? For sixteen j-ears I was hoad of tho Queensland weather service, and during that time I established there (as tho Hon. Robert Philp, a former Promier, fully admitted) a meterological and weather warning system second to none in the world. The Brisbane station was first class in every respect when I had charge. Is all my work, faithfully done to tho last item, to bo negatived, and not a word of credit given in my ad- vancing years? Storms wore warned and forecasts issued by mo that ,vverc verified to 95 per cent, in accuracy, and nob only was this done for Queensland, hut lor every part» of Australasia, as the people will remember. And ali this on nu annual vote of £1.5C0,,as against the £22.0CO (I believe) now expended by the Federal Weather Bureau. Great goodness! what do thej- do with tho money? Tho Koombana went down, and 'so did the Yongala, and not a word of warning was given by the new Federal Weather Bureau, .where have lately been conducted cruelly grotesque ex- periments showing how the latter steamer foundered. Mr. Hunt talks of instruments specially suited to tho northern climate. This is mero '.moon- shine." Standard instruments, such as I employed and personally fixed in posi- tion over the whole of Queensland, in- cluding Capo York Peninsula and the far west, aro available all tho world over, and the sooner the Minister in chaige realises this and asks a few ques- tions the better it will be for a long suffering public and shipping. Lot justice ho done, though tho heavens fall.-Youis, etc., CLEMENT L. AYRACiGIS, F.R.G.S., F.R. Mot. Soo., etc., Late Government Meteorologist of Queensland. Federal Palace Hotel, Melbourne. Sctpember 23. For housework or the laundry, Queen Soap, absolutely pure.  — CLEMENT WRAGGE. vK:SAYS XNOK'-WEST CYCLONE. SHOULD. HAVE BEEN PREDICTED. ' 'The~161iow1ng letter, written to the *2itoV'of 'The pafly News' by Mr. - Clement -Wragge, dated Chiltern, Vic toria^ March -29, reached us this morn ing:— . ' ? ' .-^'Slr^- Just allow, me to say, In sim ple -Justice,, that -if- the Central Wea tlier* Bureau; Brisbane, had been in existence,- the annual vote for which diet' H°t exceed £1,500 per annum, three days' warning at least would have, been given of the recent cyclone Off. the Nor'r West. coast of Australia. — Tours, etc;, Clement Iu Wragge.'  ? An advetlsement having appeared in Brisbane papers inviting the supply of iguana oil and living reptiles, the various Rabbit Boards are up in arms and taking: action to have such des truction of the reptiles as this would indicate immediately stopped. The in discriminate destruction 'of i&ulanas should cease because it is considered they are a prominent factor in the destruction of rabbits, and are also useful in minimising the blowfly pest. It is pretty well-known that onP of the remedies for minimising: the sub marine menace is to build wooden ships and plenty of them, and the in dustry is now in full swing in numer ous American, Canadian, and British Columbia yards. It is argued that wooden ships would not sink when torpedoed. would merely become winerlogged and float for days, while steel ships sink in minutes. Each vessel is about 6000 tons displace ment. capable of carrying 31200 Hiiif gross weight of cargo, and cost about £60,000 each. Not fast, of course, but about li' or 1- knots, and driven by engines -if 1500 horsepower, oil bein.j used a* furl. America hopes to be si.on turning out, oil an average, three wooden ships a day. and C.-t iuh'h } j ships a day. With the vessels already completed towards the end of last year, it is expected that il "leet of over 1400 woden ships will be ready for carrying cargo within a few mon ths. Three to four months is all 'bat is reciuired to complete a (Wooden ,«!,ip. Ill connection with the Kaiser's ofi repeated claim that he is closely re lated to the Almighty,, who highly ap proves of all that Germany has done, is doing, and yet intends to do, a London paper relates an amusing story that is being circulated among the Allied troops in France and else where. Bethmann-Hollweg had been delegated by the Kaiser with a spec ial mission to Heaven. He knocked at the gate, and when an angel opened it the delegate asked permission to speiil; to le bon Dieu. "Impossible," said the angel, "He is busy-very busy." The Ambasador of William H. expressed his disappointment. "How unfortunate," said be, "for 1 liave an announcement of the greatest im portance to communicate to the Al mighty from my master." "And what is rliat?" asked the angel. "Well," re plied the envoy, "My master, the Kaiser, has charged me to announce to the Alimighty that he has just con ferred noble rank upon Him, and that hereafter he can call Himself von i Gnu." 1 When shearers l.iu rouseabouts be- ? come tired of making good money at : their respective callings, coal-mining , otters some brilliant prospects-could I almost be correct!;, described as gold- ? mining when judged by the earnings ! of some of tliu.se engagc-d in it. At , Kandos. in the Lithgow district, two . coal miners drew £33/13/8 for Pi days 1 work, while one recei .'ed the extra- ; ordinary amount of £33/18/8 for 9? i ilaj.s. In the Maitland district two colliers working a« mates were the ; other Saturday to draw £51, this re- j presenting a fortnight's work. There i were ten working days in the fortnight [ therefore this represented over £2/10/ I a day. K.ght hours a day only were ' wi. Ned and under the bank to bank j siein. _ j li is believed Un&lt;t the Sinn Fein j movement in Ireland is petering out, ; the main 'snip- beinr the lack of ' sympathy from America. It was be- 1 lieved that the L'niied States would lie- i friend them at tlie Peace Conference, I instead of which the Irish-American i Committee sent :m address to the j leaders giving tliem good advice and j repudiating the Sinn Fein tactics in , Ireland. A com-i por-dent in Dublin j writing on this matter says:-"It is i hoped that 1he Irish farmers and their 1 sons, bcJivc now cunfiimtetd with this ] naked issue, will repent (heir desor- ; tion of tlv ikili> \ of r-onstitut ional re form." Viie Jri'li-American appesJ was also cxpected u> impress the | members of Hi,-. Irish-Convention more l than ever with "the magnitude of j their responsibilities and opporiuni- . tes at this mi>M &lt; ?itk.al moment in i the country's affairs." For some mysterious reason some newspapers and public speakers are. continually gibinp' at the State hotel at Babinda. But as tlie place is esta blished, and. was a good stroke of business because (so we were told) an offer was made for the place running into about twice as much as it cost the Government, one cannot help wondering why the matter cannot be allowed to rest. Perhaps on the prin ciple that any old stick is good enough to beat a dog wilh, nothing is too small to throw up against the State's one and only piibbery. A Cairns paper having discovered that although the crushing of cane has been com pleted at the sugar mill at Babinda, some of the machinery is to be kept going at night in order to provide the State hotel with electric light. The paper Is anxious to know who is go ing to pay this extra expense, and whether it will fall upon the hotel's customers, the beer imbibers in par ticular. General Foch has no fear in regard to the German threats as to what they are going to do in Prance, and is not impressed at all with the an nouncement that France was to be finally wiped off the map lor ever and ever, amen. He told aa interviewer that the Germans will not ',r®a15 through; they have tried ana failed before .and will fail tpaln. Th? French are stronger than ever in guns, muni tions, and aeroplanes, and their mor ale is better than ever, whereas the German troops have ueterioratod. lhe Germans will have no new gaseB, but ?will hav« tanks, yet the French can out-match them. The Teuton num bers do not make superiority; they had three to one in the Yser cam paign. when the French were almost without artillery and munitions; yet they failed. General Foch, believed the danger to Italy had passed, and that the army will hold its own. He did not seem to risk an opinion on the Russian mix-up-too difficult to form any sort of one probably. Tltf Goim&n ima.ginB.tUm, always very Keen, as witness the numerous communiques issued in Berlin, has been playing some cruel tricks on the troops on the western front, who be lieve that Britain and France have all sorts of new and dreadful contri vances with which to experiment with the unfortunate Huns as soon as the big attack commences. It is a good policy to deny nothing what the Ger mans imagine, but encourage tliem to belie\v all the more, hence when a re port reaches the Allies of som&lt;> new contrivance the Germans say they (the Allies) have Invented, nolioi takes the trouble to deny it. Gas is a. thine that greatly worries the Huns. Although they were so keen in first Dniiivr it themselves, they havP a very silicon- :iiul deep objection to their enemies doins no, and describe it as a contravention 'if all the rules of war fare. The Germans credit some most alarming stories they have heard in resa.nl to the Jititisli gas, and are quite certain ?. eight new varieties Slav,, been invented for their benefit, ami 110 one has taken pity on them and denied tin1 story! A Melbourne firm of shippers and con I merchants appear to have been seizins the opportunity to make hay while the sun was shining. No one know? how Jong the game has J>»en going 011, but a few days ago the firm wan bowled out by the Defence l t partnient. and a case In the lilstriet Court followed. The Department, it was stated, had ordered 10 tons 10 cwts. of coal, and when it was de livered somebody found tinif. to weigh it instead of simply trusting to the honesty of those who supplied the coal, the result being that the con signment was found to be two tons four &lt;;wt. short. This faulty weighing on the part of the firm cost them a fine of £500, the magistrate remarking that i the company deserved all the punish i nielli that could be inflicted upon it, j and everybody will agree with him. | They ale dreadfully particular down Brisbane way as to how the food of the peop)e is handled, and if any tradesman is found to use his bare hands, very speedily he strikes trouble. Don't know if the butchers, bakers, ice men and others wear kid gloves, or hand the goods over with a pair of tongs, because in these parts no one worries about such fads being adopted as prevail in some places on the coast. A man engaged in delivering ice in Brsbane forgot the regulation that he ??lust not do so with hi6 bare hands. oS* had left his apparatus (gloves, tongs, or whatever it was) at home, and had resolved to risk the nains and penalties. Of course he was reported trust the army of inspectors for that, and at the police court a finn of 15/ was imposed, to include costs. The National Labor party is a new institution that seems to be growing well down south, and during the last few months the party has been very active in Melbourne. The general policy of the National party includes , absolute freedom from Trades Hall domination, national ideals to im prove the political and industrial in- I terests of its members, to promote in- J il us trial peace by conciliation and I arbitration, and to induce harmoni- ' ous relations between employer and j employee. A vigorous plan of organi- 1 cation has been' decided upon. The so-called "official" Labor party do not like it, and cases of intimidation, or attempts at It, have been reported to the Natonal promoters; who now notify those attacked to have no fear of threats of boycott, because if such were put into effect the party as a whole would take action to protect and safeguard the industrial interests of every individual member. A goo(l many people hold the belief that the war is responsible for uls those destructive cyclones, especially up north; that the intense bombard ments with big guns have so distur bed the air currents that tliey con centrate with considerable force in quieter atmospheres, thus "ovei-load ing" the air currents that properly belonged to those places. Not caused so much by bombardment of the trenches, but by the anti-aircraft gunjs firing into the .'sky, and the shooting at eaq)i other by flying mac hines while thousands of feet above the earth. If a fan is vigorously used on a hot day without a breath of air, everybody fenows what a cool wind I can be thus produced; but there is a mighty difference between "my lady's fan" and one only of the big guns on the Western front, yet theTe are hun dreds of big guns and thousands of smaller ones constantly being -fired1 off. This idea may intensely amuse j the scientists who know all about air | currents and things; on the other1 hand there may be something in it. I Somebody ought to ask Mr. Wragge about it. There are some parents in Aus tralia whose names ought to occupy a very prominent place on the honor boards on account what they have done for tliP Umpire and Australia. A very keen patriot is Mr. William Kelly, who lives in the Bombala dls trct. He has been «narried three times and gave the Commonwealth 28 children, which in itself is a fiue ex ample of patriotism, but more than that, out of those 28 young Austral ians, nine sons are fighting at the front, the first enlisting when war broke out, and the last son about two years ;tgo. So far none of them have been either wounded or sick. "Has anybody here seen Kelly?" No; but we are all dashed proud to hear of him! The machinery has commenced to move in Victoria for securing the im position of a municipal tax on rate payers to provide for the maintenance of hospitals and benevolent asylums. It seems to be a rather good idea, as whereas . the ? charitably disposed may not have to pay as tales any more than they do at present volutarily (although they may nut like the idea of being compelled to pay), those who subscribe grudingly and not so much as they ought, would have to ©pen their purses a little wider and pay a more reasonable amount on account of charity-more reasonable, that is, when their usual subscriptions (If any)are compared with those obtain ed from the more open-handed. The Premier (Mr. Bowser) was charmed with the idea, and said the question was so important that it would occupy the attention of the Government next session. He added thfrt something of the sort must be done that the charitable institution^ miay still be carried on in a saisfaclor.v manner. During the course of a meeting at Toowoomba supporting the Nation alist cause, and Mr. Blair was refer ring to compensation, a "voice" in terjected: "Pity you didn't get a judgeship." Like a shot Mr. Blair re tor ted: "I .would- like to provide you with an airship, and vour own wind would carry you away." In another part of the address, a "voice" was in evidence again, and wished to know how many Bills the Council had thrown out, to which Mr. Blair re plied: "There is a Bill over there who ought to be thrown out." ^ It seems utterly impossible to teach residents of the country to be careful with their money when visit ing the big cities, and that it would be the safest plan to leave it at home, except for what may be required for mere expenses, otherwise they are merely taking it to Sydney or Mel bourne in order to make a present of a handsom^ sum to some city shark or sharp who has various cunning ways of getting hold of it. There was that resident of Tenterfleld -who the other day, when in Sydney, was green enough to hand over no less a sum than £460 (!) to two men in order to back a horse, of all things. Of course he never saw the men again, and the man from the country then went and complained to the police. If the police had told him straight that be ?was 999 kinds of a fool he would not have got more than he deserved. But such cases are hopeless, and a small army of sharper* will always wax fat and prosperous at the expense of the over-confident country dwellers. It Is usual to describe the Kaiser as being blasphemous when he makes his periodical speeches claiming that God is his personal friend and will not allow the German troops to be de feated, and will eventually give them victory; but blasphemy means words uttered impiously against God, and the Kaiser does not do that, unless by insinuation that the deeds of the Germans since lhe war commenced have Divine approval. Nobody but the Kaiser and his compatriots will believe that. The Kaiser said the other day that the successes in Rus sia were gained with God's help, and j that He would continue to aid him and his troops. Then the President of the Prussian Lower House, not to be out done by the ..Kaiser claimed that in the West the Gorman arms will be victorious-with God's help. It is a bad prospect for the poor Allies, who consider themselves as good Chris tians as tiie Germans any day, and naturally wonder in what way they have offended the Almighty, unless it be by setting out to defend their wo men and children, which is all they have been doing. The church is continually making unkind remarks about the liquor trade and all concerned therewith, and when some figures can be got hold of there is no one so happy as :he parson who has an array of them available, and the opportunity to in troduce them at a public meeting. But after all it is their business :heir business to fight against the iquor trade, especially the Methodists. .Vnd no one can deny that some "shocking examples" of the effects of the liquor trade can be seen any day. Speaking on the. English liquor and food problems a clergyman said in a Methodist Church down South that since the beginning of the war up to, the middle of April last year, alco holic beverages had consumed over four million tons of grain and 340,000 tons of sugar. The speaker said this was tlie equivalent of some milions of loaves of bread per week, while there was as rnucli as 160 million gallons of spirits bonded whtf'i voted to industrial /purposes. When a ship-load of sugar reached London from the Philippines it was seized for the brewers, although the sale of confectionery was restricted or for bidden ? altogether. This is the "wickedness" of all concerned in the liquor trade oriuged lonli into the light of day; still a good many peo ple would much rather consume sugar in a glass of beer than in a handful of sweets. Beer is such a charming liiiuor that poets have even composed songs about it-never heard of any of them thinking to do so about con fectionery. ' When a dance was given in the Litbgow district the other evening iTig-time dancing seems to have i>een included in the programme. Un fortunately for those who enj'>y this sort of dancing Father Casey", of Oberon, was present, and did not. ap prove of it, as he considered such dancing degrading to both sexes. Ho Htateri that he would not tolerate rag-' lime dancing in any of the halls con trolled by the Roman'Catholic authori ties in the Oberon parish. -u Some short time back M>\ Wragge, at present living in New Zealand, said that another -upheaval in the sun, about 12.UUU miles in diameter, is ap proaching the centre or sol:ir disc, and to these nbnormai conditions was cer tainly attributable the Chinese earth quake, the earth tremors in New Zea land, and the South African floods, so no doubt would describe this solar affair as the cause of the North Queensland cyclones. He said -.t must ever be remembered that the earth and the sun arc inseparably linked together by the all-pervading wire less ethnic waves. Such affect not only our atmosphere, but also indus trial affairs and the vagaries of human nature at this critical time, if that is so, apologies are dub all round-to the Germans for accusing them of starting the war; from Ger man}- to the Allies for declaring that they did; from all those who blamed the Unions for causing the recent big strike in New South Wiales, and so 011. tlie chief offender all the time be ing that wretched 12,000 miles up heaval in Old Sol. Toowoomba "Chronicle" feels rather hurt at that city, so well and favorably known all over Australia as the nearest approach to heaven one could possibly have, so far aa com fort is concerned in the middle of summer, not being better known in the United States, for" instance- A letter received by tbe Town Clerk from a city in America the other day displays a state of ignorance that is simply brobdingnagian. The letter contained a request that 11) contents be conveyed to "The Bank in Too woomba, if there be one; if not, to the nearest bank there is!" Consider - inf that the merest one-horse town ship in Australia has a bank of some sort, it is certainly very rough for anybody to express a doubt whether Toowoomba was important enough to have one. The inhabitants really ought 10 combine and send a few photos.' to that benighted heathen in the States, special prominence being given to the handsome banking pre mises in the city. i O 1 We may yet have the pleasure of obtaining in Australia all the petro leum and its products that we re quire, which may mean cheaper kero sene. and cheaper petrol for the motor cars. . Great hopes are expressed that something satisfactory will be even tually obtained from Roma, after all the expense and pounding away for .so long at the bowels of the earth in that locality; but the Penritch dis trict in New South Wales is more' promising, and drilling should be underway there now. The oil seems to be there alright, because during the great drought of 1906, a person who had been gathering soil for ferns in a dry bed at Glenbrook Liagoon, found upon returning home that the soil had a strong smell of kerosene, and upon applying a 'match the soil burned with a steady flame. As this happened in 1906, nobody bothered about it. apparently, uVitil the war and high prices about ten years later woke people up to the realisation of our own possibilities. Thus has the war done good once more, and when the talk-talk-talk about making our own paper comes to .something, that will be another valuable industry in spired by the war. Fred. R. Jam«>p.  WR&GGE CRITICISED on ins riuuni'TioNs. Till' (hvjulful ilroujiht predicted liy Mr. rionient WrapRe does not limi uiiv credence amongst 1 ho weather iiro]>h&lt;'(K of Victoria. They tmiintuiu that Mr. W'raggu 'has Ix-en irwIuljyiiiR in ".lereiniads" for nine years, and , thai it, would fl>o distinctly hard luik it (ho wore not light scrim: time or other. One of the chio[ of the wjatluM vyi^i saw! : "Mr. \V rage's assertions «ri» iirPbutturtjle. During Ihe suiimier time ivc KhnJl most like ly huv,- extreme heut on hot da\s. especially in inland «ind troihcal parts of Australia, and in winteV •t/im.i ■«-.i mi? likely to have rains und fogs oti tin1 tops of mountains of high altitudi', and snow will fall. "Over in Western Australia it lmu 4x» confidently prwiietod that copious rains will fall during the wot woason. and on the north-west coast provi picn should be maido for willy-witl iva ; while in Queensland we tmiy expect r.vclones in the cyclone sea. Hon ; anil in Sydney the atmosphere will he humid when conditions make for humidity. "In f-hort, one could not * to far wrpng whon tipping that there will 1*> south winds when the wind is Mowing from the south. In All I'hcha particulars no one can possibly disagrce with Mr. Wragge. "Speaking seriously, there ore no scientific date known to man that will enable anyone to predict uilh any decree of accuracy whan the weather will be two or three years hence. "Oils Is the consensus of ol> tai-cti of the principal authorities «f the world1 who are especially study- ' tag this Hroblem of weather predic tion. I "Going back to Mr. Wragge. it | will be remembered that lie promisial j ■a vory/baid season for Victoria in 1911, whereas we toad an -exception ally good and bountiful sapson. " GippslAcd was to Ivs burnt up. As B matter of fact G-ippsland was blessed with en abundant rainfall, tvnd tier primary Industries were Jn a . very flourishing condition'. The only way I can possibly interpret, iho doleful warnings which Mr. Wiyujgo Issues ot Intervals is to take there verso as i>elng Ji k&lt;dy to ha;ipi>n. What ho bafl said bos not occom*>l. TherfrfaiT, we may essun-o that what toe does not say will probably oc  GENERAL NEWS. Mr. Clement Wragge writing to the Albu'ry 'Dally News': I should just like to say tliat i£ the Central Weather Bur eau, Brisbane had been in existence — the annual vote for which did not ex ceed £1500 per annum — three days' warning, at least, would have been given of the recent cyclone off the north-west coast of Australia.' A number of prominent citizens state that the money market is much tighter and that the banks are dis playing a tendency to check specula tors. This state of affairs is said to be due chiefly to tbe widespread expendi ture on the part of the' Government. Another view is that the cautious pol icy is to await developments, in con nection with tbe Commonwealth bank. The N.S.W. consolidated revenue for March shows a comparative increase of £277,793. The returns for the quarter show an increase of £1,049,711 on the corresponding period of last year, while for six months there was a total increase of £658,973. Tbe rail ways and tramways showed an in crease of £342,000, and the Common wealth returns a decrease of £300,000. At the last meeting of tbe Dubbo municipal council, the Mayor said that he believed all the aldermen would agree with him it was very satisfying that with pleasing monotony, month af ter montb, year after year, the sanitary inspector reported that no infectious or contagious diseases had occurred in the town or its environs. What bet ter evidence, he asked, could be forth coming as to the salubrity of the Dub bo district. Captain Rushall, the organiser of the recent tour of the Australian cadets abroad, has been encouraged by the commendation of the Minister for De fence (Senator Pearce) to arrange for a similar tour. The expense will be borne, as in tbe last tour, by the par ents of the cadets. The department will assist the lads to continue their studies while abroad. Circulars were to be issued this week, and it is ex pected that the corps will leave Aus tralia in May. Referring to the proposed Common wealth Bank, Mr. C. J. Hamilton, speaking as chairman of the annual meeting in London of the Bank of Australasia, said that if the bank were managed on sound financial lines, with the intention of not becoming a bur den on the taxpayer, there was no reason for fear. If it were ably man aged the bank might be a source of great strength to the community, and might afford valuable assistance in time of trouble. Mr. Hamilton added that he hoped that the Commonwealth Bank might some day hold a position similar to that of the Bank of England. About a hundred of the employees at the railway workshope at i^veleigh went in for high times at a grievance meeting on Saturday night. The pro ceedings were of a lively character. Howls aud cat-calls were frequent, and when loud cries of 'chuck him out' were heard many people left the hall, including Mr. J. C. Watson. It is un derstood he was subjected to insult. When sympathised with, Mr. Watson replied, 'I have been used to that sort of thing all my life.' The meeting af ter a stormy debate, decided to send a deputation to the Premier, asking for a Royal Commission to inquire into the working of the railway Ehops at Eveleigh. With a view to encouraging the mus cular development of the youth of An nandale, and at the same time assist ing in their mental education, the local council allowed a piece of land, the property of the council, to be util ised as a cricket and football ground At tne last meeting or tne council, Ala. Colebrook asserted that it had become a rendezvous for 'two-up' players, es pecially on Sundays. The players, he said, showed a deal of cunning in their procedure, having established a per fect system of scouting to prevent their being caught. It was decided that the Mayor should communicate with the police on the matter. A ciuple of the provisions of the new Commonwealth electoral law it is well to note : -'Every person who is entitled to be enrolled, shall fill in and sign in accordance with the Act, and the re gulations a form of claim for enrol ment as an elector, and shall forth with send or deliver it to the pro per officer. The man who has chan ged his residence is under similar obli gation — penalty two pounds — whilst the officer who receives a claim for en rolment, and without just excuse fails to do everything necessary on his part to be done, will be called upon to pay a penalty of £ 10. The South Australian Minister for ? Agriculture, Mr. Pascoe, has furnished 1 particulars regarding the trouble with ! tne boys who recently began a course I of training on the farm established by ! the Government at North Boobooro j wire. Mr. Pascoe said the boys were i asked to attend religious service on ' Sunday night but only two turned up. The remainder sat outside. Some made a row with mouth-organs and other musical instruments. On Monday, when the lads were summoned to at 'tend school, they made no response, having been persuaded by a comrade to stop away. They were found in a wool-shed again making a noise with mouth-organs. The ringleader kept on playing, when the boys were taken to tbe school-room, and he was dismissed. A number of others then left The contingent of Federal members bound for the Northern Territory this month on an excursion, which is in tended to be a visit or inspection is gradually diminishing. When the trip was announced there were over 30 members prepared to go. Members, however, have slowly pulled out in batches. Last week there were to be 16 or 17. On Saturday the number had dwindled down to' 13. Mr. Thomas, the Minister who has charge of the ar rangements, appeared to have taken the withdrawals very much to heart. He speaks thus: — 'I am tired of it. 'Here I go making the arrangements. I write again to the members. They Bay' that it Is all right I buy tickets. I select berths. And then they can't, go. It's most disheartening. . I won't do it again. ' No - more trips for me, ^ none.' The members who so far have j booked are Messrs. Gordon, F. J. Fos ter Ryrie, West, Brennan, Howe, Chanter, Wise^ and Ozanne, from the i House of Representatives; and Sena- 1 tors MacDongall, Buxacott, Rae, and Blakey. , . . 1 With the death of Mr. Peter Kerr, F.R.I.B.A., Victoria loses one who has given to the city of Melbourne the most dignified and impressive of its architectural features, the House of Parliament in Spring-street. Mr. W. Stace Lloyd, Liberal organi ser, is in Goulburn in connection with the Werriwa vacancy. The name of Mr. A. H. Conroy, who previously re presented the constituency, has been neely mentioned as a candidate. A police telegram from Broome (W. A.) states that Constable Fletcher was stabbed by a Manila man on Saturday, and died on Monday. His assailant has been arrested. Deceased was 36 years of age, married, and had been 12 years in the service. The P.M.G. {Mr. Frazer) says he has at last reached finalty in the mat ter of selecting a design for the Com monwealth postage stamp. It is said to be an Australian design, and to be simple yet expressive. Designs from all parts of the world were furnished to tbe department about nine months ago, but none of them pleased Mr. Frazer, who, when he assumed the position of P.M.G., obtained further designs from the Victorian Artists' Society. A press correspondent points out that Mr. Carmichael and Mr. Holman appear to differ widely as to the mean ing and effect of the Bursaries Act. In reply to the resolution of the Metho dist Conference, protesting against State aid in any form to denomination al schools, Mr. Carmichael informed the conference that the Government did not propose to give State aid to any school or schools. Mr. Holman, on' the other hand, addressing the Hib ernian Society, announced that 'a measure of justice has at last been done to the deserving Catholic stud ents of the Catholic primary schools.' At a meeting of the local parents and Citizens' Association, it was decid ed to urge the claims o'f the Mudgee district school to be raised to the sta tus of a high school. It was pointed out that owing to Mudgee's central po sition in the district its chances of securing one of the new high schools to be created was particularly good. , There are three western towns, ' Forbes, Dubbo, and Mudgee pressing I their claims for a high school, while one has already been established at Orange. They can scarcely all be j successful in the claim. A South Australian Union organiser whose efforts to foster a strike amongst phosphate workers broke down speaks thus: — There were so called Labour members of Parliament who had taken sides against them. When he was in Adelaide he had in quired in regard to what was being done. He went to the newspapers, and they referred him to the unions. He went to the unions, and they said 'instructions of executive.' He went to the executive, aud they said the Par liamentary representatives were afraid of losing the farming vote. If getting Labour men into Parliament meant do ing things like that, he said, 'away with politics.' Mr. Holman's attention having been drawn to the fact that sufficient time was not available at the recent sittings of the Deniliquin District Court and Quarter Sessions to permit of tha busi ness being conveniently disposed of, the Attorney-General points out that the sittings of courts forming portion of country circuits have to be fixed months anead, and it is impossible to know what cases will be set down, and how long they will occupy. All that can be done is to allow sueh time as previous experience shows to be reas onable. When the business of^a court proves to be unusually protracted, the department will, if communicated with in sufficient time, arrange, whenever possible, for another judge to take the next court on the circuit, so that in convenience to litigants may be avoid ed. At the Central Criminal Court in Sydney on Saturday, William Henry France, a middle-aged man, known as 'Dr. Bill' was brought up for sentence for the manslaughter of Elma Jane Stevenson (23) at. Swatchfield, in the Oberon district on March 29 last as the result it was alleged, of an illegal operation. The prisoner, addressing his Honor, said he had been 25 years i nt h p country, and for 15 years had ? attended the sick. Whatever he had done was to screen the girl at her special request Senior-constable j Hawe Baid he had made inquiries re specting accused. He had not heard of any suspicious cases, and no charge ? had been made against him previously. Chief Justice Cullen, in sentencing ac cused to seven yeara' penal servitude, said he failed to see any mitigating circumstances. The whole history of what had occurred seemed to point to the case as one for exemplary punish ment tint he would be very sorry to think .that In any sentence he passed he otred on the side of severity. At Temora last week, the trustees and members of the Methodist Church Aid Society tendered a farewell ban quet to the Rev. A. Brown prior to his departure for Queanbeyan. Mr. Brown preached his farewell sermon on Sunday. Prior to settling at Quean beyan, Rev. Mr. Brown will be married to a Bailarat young lady. The Commonwealth Government is taking active steps to resume private land in the Federal capital area. Up to the present very little has been done in this direction, the only properties taken over being those required for the immediate use of the Government such as the Acton and Duntroon es tates. The secretary of the Depart ment of Home Affairs (Colonel Miller) is now in the territory making valua tions of the private properties,' includ- ing agricultural and pastoral holdings. It is expected that the total amount re quired for the resumption will be in the neighbourhood of £1,000,000; but despite the financial burdeqj and the difficulty of managing the resumed farms and sheep stations economically, the Government is bent on having 100 square miles that it can call its own. A case surrounded by unique cir cumstances and great local interest was heard at the Condobolin police court last week. The municipal coun cil proceeded against D. H. Tasker, junr., licensee of the Royal Hotel, and Mayor of the town, for suffering slops to flow from his premises through a drain into the storm-water channel in Bathurst street. Defendant's brother is town clerk, who gave evidence of authority to prosecute. A fine of 10s and costs was imposed. Defendant's solicitor then explained that the Mayor had submitted to a test case, so that the council will now know its position with other similar offenders. The bench complimented the Mayor on his action. 'How New Zealand Grasped the Nettle' was the title of the lecture that Miss Anderson Hughes, the well known temperance missioner gave in Melbourne. Miss Hughes said that the same old stories about 'confiscation,' ruin to the honest hotelkeeper and so forth were told as when she was in Vic toria six years ago. After 'no-license' was carried in Masterton (N.Z.) she had visited it, and had been struck with the cheerfulness of the inhabi tants, and the signs of prosperity that were in evidence everywhere. But her friends told her that she should have -yme the week before when the Supreme Court had been sitting. Any particularly interesting cases, she ask ed? There were no cases at all, they replied, and in consequence the judge had been presented with a pair of white kid gloves. The Ladies' Benevo lent Association, after struggling along for 14 months with nothing to do, had disbanded. Chief Commissioner Johnson ap pears to have been in good humor on nis visit to Ganmain last weelt. He at first refused a request for an overhead I bridge near the platform, oe the score that it would cost a good deal more than he was prepared to spend. But a suggestion that the townspeople should raise half the cost altered the outlook. Would Mr. Johnson enter tain the proposal then? 'Oh, certain ly, I always entertain such offers as those.' A source of complaint was j that passengers transhipping at Junee had to scramble for a seat on tbe southern mail owing to main line pas sengers not having to tranship. Mr. Johnson: 'You find it difficult to get a corner seat, is that it.' Mr. Rowston: 'No, not altogether, the main trouble seejps to be with the women folk.' Mr. Johnson promised consideration. 'Thou shalt not excel' is becoming one of the first and greatest of the commandments in the Labor decalo gue. The earnestness with which it is enforced has jnst been illustrated by loyal unionist bricklayers of Mel bourne. Four of them undertook as a sporting offer to show how fast they^ could lay bricks in the construction of a wall for a picture theatre in Bourke street The task they set themselves was to lay 3,000 apiece in a working day of eight hours. They began well on the morning of Saturday week, with an average of 1,400 each for three and three-quarter hours, and were to complete their speed trial on a sub sequent afternoon. The test was in teresting, and one would have thought harmless. Not so, however, in the opinion of the Bricklayers' Union. Af ter the union had first endeavoured to pour ridicule on the attempt, the other men employed on the job suddenly re fused to work with the four, and so the trial of speed was abandoned. The four had transgressed the unionist law which forbids excellence and requires the smartest workers to be careful not to outdistance their slower fellows.  FOR RELIEF OF RELATIVES. Perth, April 9. Collections towards the Koombana relief movement taken up at St. George's Cathedral during the in me inoriam service on Sunday amounted to £35 10/. WBAGGE'S PEEOTCTIOXS. Perth, April 9. Mr. Clement Wragge. ot Victor a, *n writing to the Perth, papi states ^tliat if the Central Weathgr I5u:ts.u at Brisbane had been in existence, the an nual vote lor which, did not exceed £1500 per annum, three days* warning at least would have been given of the recent cyclone on the Jior'-Westco'iat, (Considering that the Paroo hasten ed through from Broome to Carnarvon to escape the cyclone, and was here before the blow struck Balla, the or dinary means of prediction at the dis posal of captains would seem to ob* viate the necessity for Mr. Wragge so far as our Willies are concerned.)  Lake Toolibin Notes. \ (From Our Own Correspondent. STORM. The last, few days (if November cagRed;iroany people to wonder hove rear we are to the litie in this-district. The weather was too warm to be seasonable, a;nd ; although rather early for thunder storms ' many of us ; were hot surprised when on the 29th of November a furious storm broke over the district. The wind for periods, was of cyclonic force, and the raip came down in tofrents. When daylight broke on Sunday most o£ us were afraid to have a look at our crops, as we fully expected to see them razed to the ground. Fortunately, compara tively little damage was done in this district. .' Mr. M. M. White -lost about 16 acres of a heavy crop of oats, and most of the farrrTers'got'thcit liay stocks more or lees wet, but little'damage is likely to result in consequence. By nope on Sunday the heat had agaift: becorae very oppressive, aqd the black cloud6 began to accumulate until about 3' p.m., when -a:*second storm burst, and for about three hours wind and rain kept the farmer in a very dejected mood. About 7 p.m. matters atmospheric gained their equilibrium, and since then up to the present weather conditions iiave been fairly good, although last' week .we had , several light showers. Being harvest time I have not been- able . to visit the local (Mnrnejit Wragge to get the rain records. " Nearly every dam in the district has been filled, and I suppose we had at least 2*in. in, the two storms. L" J. " HARVESTING. -Harvesting has commenced, and some very good yields are reported. In two instances eight bags to the' acre are being obtained. REPORTEDREStTMPTION. \ A report is current locally that the Government propose resuming about 40 acres of land adjacent to i.he Toolibin Siding for; grazing' purposes. Your correspondent Gannot vouch' for the absolute tru th of the report, more especially as it seems such a ridiculous I proposition. 'It must be re mem-j bered/j-hat adjoining the 'Toolibin j siding tlie .Government have re-j ser'yed a_.£housand acrfes, which 5 Will more,than. meet the require-! tpeQT.s of tbis- place for the next cr-r.turv, and why they shoujd 'want just another forty dcres is a bit of-a mystery, unless it desired for the sole purpose of financially benefiting a quiet and | consistent pettier or wirepuller! hereabouts. '' , THE'' RAILWAY. A mulga wire was received in the district on the 6th inst. that plate laying on the Yilliminning Kondinin line \fras to start on the 8th. Let us hope that it will start at, any rate , before Parliament gbes into recess. J,  SETTLED TILL 1930. ? i DRY AND WET SEASONS. MR. WRAGGE AND THE SUNSPOTS. In these days, when those once honored prophets of the weather — the corns and £fout;y limbs ot our elders — have given place to scientific forecast, the farming community hangs with bated breath upon the utterances of the experts. The Auckland ' Star' interview ed Mr. Clement Wragge, F. R.G.S. — the one-time Queensland Govern ment Meteorologist, and . the fore teller of the disastrous Australian droughts — at his home at Birken head the other day. Mr. Wragge willingly acquiesced when asked if he would venture a forecast. The celebrated weather prophet lives in intimate communion with the weather portents. An odd looking barometer was at his elbow in his queer, work-shoplike study ; shelves ot meteorological tomes lined the room. Outside, was a boxlike structure which, to the . uninitiated, might have been a meat safe or a bird cage. It was, in fact, a minia ture observatory, in which clock work and electrical instruments reg istered the vagaries of the atmos phere, or turned turtle, by an alarum arrangement, to tell the state of the temperature at a given time o' nights^ THE ELUSIVE SUNSPOT. The meteorologist fetched a huge telescope, formidale as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting rays of the sun, and allowed a bright half-crown of light from the lens — the photograph of the sun— to play on a white blotting pad. 'No sunspots and no rain just yet,' was his rueful verdi^. ' I've been expecting one just lately. It should appear to-morrow or the next day on the edge of the sun, and when it works to the centre, condi tions will be favorable to rain.' The prophet next gave the baro meter a professional rap, jotted a figure, and dubiously said 'Umph.' Producing a chart ot the Austra lasian regions, he went outside to test the direction of the wind to find the lay of the low atmospheric pres sure region, and then commenced to rapidly draw wavy 'isobars' on the chart. LOOKING AHEAD. Mr. Wragge has computed fore casts for the seasons of Australia up till 193°, and these, he says, are ap plicable to New Zealand, with slight modifications, owing to physical and geographical Reasons. During 191 4 and part of 1915, he says, the rain fall, taking Australasia as a whole, will be under the average. This by no means implies that there will be no rain. On the contrary, good in tervening rains will occur, and the last part of this period will be better than the first. From the middle ot 1915 onwards, the rainfall will mark edly increase, and from 1916 to 1920, inclusive, the seasons will be distinctly good, with abundant pre cipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to steadily fall off, and the worst part of the next great ' underaver age ' period will be 1923 and 1924. Australians will be justified in call ing that a drought. In 1925 mat ters will begin to improve, &nd good seasons will prevail from 1925 to 1930. These forecasts, explained IVIr. Wragge, are mainly based on the physical conditions of the sun with respect to its maxima and minima moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we are nearing the end of the solar minimum; — or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds round the sun, of which we ; on earth have no conception, were least violent. The maximum period would com mence at the end of 1915, and until then, although he did not expect the seasons to be so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must not be anticipated. Intervening rains in New Zealand should give a heavier fall than in Australia. In the drought he predicted, New Zealand would not suffer to the same extent as Australia, owing to its climate being insular, whereas that' of the latter was continental. ' Pick,' writing in the ' Bulletin/7 sticks up for the land he lives in : — ' The Monaro tableland of Is.S.W., with its grassy plains, unfailing springs and . full-flowing rivers fed from the j snow-capped roof- ridge of the continent, is regularly the salvation of the near west when drought spreads itself over the dry belt. During the past two months, trucks to carry half a million starving sheep have been requisitioned, and the very inadequate Cooma line has been frenziedly struggling to shift along the endless loads of mutton. At the terminus we have had to burn hun dreds of corpses, the weak stock being unable to stand the rough truck hand ling ; but the survivors are right for food and water among the hospitable highlands. This same Monaro, which in many drought stricken times has similarly provided its surplus fodder to the starving flocks of the near west, is the region which Sydney back yarders, during the capital site cheat, described as a blizzard-swept, uninhabi table desert.  Mr. Clement Wragge - AN OFFER FROM QUEENSLAND. Mr. dement Wragge, the eminent nssterologdet, who delivered an address in the School of Aria last night, and who will lecture again this ( evening, has been asked 'to -inaugurate a new meterological service in -North Queens land. He has v been- lecturing- now for about eleven years. Dining (that time he has bee: all through India (where' he lectured under the auspices of th'e Viceroy i connection with the Educa tional! Department and the Indian Government) and England. Sine# that occasion he has been all 'through New Zealand; and different Parts of Austra lia." Hie present tour commenced at Hobart, and is planned to extend all along the coast, -from1 Gooktown, to Thursday Island.. The main reason for his visit to Queensland is that he is 1 in receipt of -a cablegram from Towno- ville, asking Mm. to iaaugurahe a new m aflornl nrvloal OAwaloa j. \T An li h r\ . . .M A - - V «vvyv !IV» 1U xtuiuu vuegiiv- land for . ths warning of hurricanes.- The movement to have ; this station- erected was mainly started by the merchant and shipping .community chief of the latter . being the Adelaide : Steamship Company; Limited : (in view of the ; loss, of -, .the . Yongala „ a .few years ago), it . is . understood, that the: N orth Queeneland p eople complain that - they are unable to place reliance' on- the eiiatimg forecasts of the Gommon-/ wealth; Government. The first intima tion of the proposal Mr. //Wragge -re--- eirod was a cablegram/ dated . Janu- isy 23, ; .1914, . which he - received at Birkenhead, Auckland,: New Zealand1/ 'Will you. accept appointment |bhis cyclone- season /Townsville . at-bwenty. pounds per week and fare - paid ? If > o please, state earliest . date you can \eave. Signed,. Marks, Secretary Meteo rological Committee, Townsville.'/ Mr. Wragge answered that, he was unable to - make, the - journey, at that ( particu lar time, because he had already 'en - gagjed a manager; and . made all , other arrangements. &lt;in Tasmania -for a lectur ing t'our In that " island,/ but as he could not accept in time /to observe the last hurricane season- he hoppd tto be able .to.be at Townsville.next June to ' discuss, matters for-, the Xnext? hurrL cane.' His: tour -has tjeen nicely plan ned, and he. will be- in Townsville at- a date satisfaefcory to ".ail partiee; . Two cases of ' scarlet fever, at "pre sent in the Tweed District - Hospital , have been reported to the 'local auth orities. /, , \  Cairns Chamber of Com- merce, Monthly Meeting. North Queensland Meteorological Station. Kr Hunt Again Criticised. Mayor Requested tc Convene Public Meeting. The nicKi-Uy meeting oí tho Cairns Chamber of Commerce was held oa Friday, afternoon. Mr. T, H. Donald sou (Vice President) presiding. flha following . letters were dealt with in the inward correspondence. Hedley AVood and Co., London, wrote stating there was a large iiiar .. ket there for horse, cow hair, ajad pigs bristles, and asking whether there were any collections of same in the Cairns district--Received. Under date. 16th ult., the Traffic Manager (Mr. rPrewett) wrote: "I \ am inreceijjt of your letter, of 15tb " December re increased speed of pu* »enger trains^ It is'intended to al- ter the running of trains shortly, .when certain improvements at stat- ions naive been effected, but the pas- ' 6enger traffic does not warrant run »ing purely passenger trains at pre- sent. The through trains between Cairns and Mareeba, morning and ovening. do no shunting, The only reduce or Dick un loadinc at Kuran anda.'" 'The Vice President : That is in re- ply to our letter as'-úng for an accel . crated, service, and a. purely passen- ger train. From the Postmaster General's De- partment acknowledging receipt of Chamber's communication relative t0 tho inconvenience experienced by rea- son of telegraphic delay and statinp the matter will receive serious consid- eration. The Vice President : I notice a new route has: been suggested but it was turned down as usual. I think we'should ad\ocîI'&lt;.e for a wireless station here. Mr. Carlile: We tried it before. The Vice President : Perhaps they will' get tired of it in the long run and give us one. I do not think we should let the matter remain in abey- ance. They are erecting siuall wire- less stations in Victoria with a range- of 20o miles If we had such a station here it would greatly as- sist us in receiving* weather reports when the lines. are down. Thursday Island could connect with Cooktown, Cooktown with Cairns, and Cairns j with Townsville. . .»*«.- Would ar«diu»oí -SOO miles be sufficient. '"' ~7 *'" Tte Vice Présidant : Quite suffic- ient I think. Townsville has a wire, less station^ and if -we were connect- ed with. Townsville it would be ade- quate. Mr. Warner : I mo vs that raprosen tationa . be made again to the Post- master General asking thal a.- wir» less station: be erected here, abd pointing out' that it would obviât» the great delay in communication which has been experienced in tho Fast. The motion was seconded by Mr. Alison and carried. . It was also resol vea that the car- ious northerr, parliamentary repr? sentatives be asked to support the request of the Chamber. The» Secretary of the Cairns Har hour Board wrote : "I am directed tn acknowledge receipt- of your letter of 15th December.! re my Board's ac- tion in calling tenders to cut timber aï the quarry reserve, and in reply to state that at a meetia^ of ray Boara) held on 18th inst., it was de- cided that as no tenders had been received the matter of selling timber off tho nnarry reserve be abandoned. -H&lt;-C3ive.l. The P.-stmaster General's Depart- ment advised- that the question of connecting the post offices at Dimbu- lah and Thornborough would receive consideration. It was decided, to again writte and \ urge that the matter be not over - looked. Th,e Secretary,Commissioner : for Kailwaj-s, wrote : ''With! reference t0 your letter of 15th ult., regarding the erection of railway, goods shed at Cairns, I beg to inform you that this work is held« over for the present owing to lack of funds. It has not been lost sight of and will be; recon- sidered in a few months." (Laugh- ter). F. Lawrence, Bolwarra! station, wrote drawing attention to the fact that tte postal authorities were con- templating altering the weekly ser- vice to a fortnightly service fr0m Almaden to the old Tate telegraph station, and asking that the Cham- ber use its influence to prevent this, as the district would be practically isolated. j .lt was decided to write to the I Cairns Postmaster on the subject. The Vice President, referring * to j the movement for the establishment cf a meteorological station, in Xorth ! Queensland, apart from the Federal Government,. said the following let-, ter had been received by Captain Ir- vine, commander cf the Innamincka, from Mr Clement Wragge, tke re- nowned meteorologist : "Dear Captain Irvine,-I value PW so Jnuch your kind letter of No- vember 10th, which reached me after a long rielav. and I am glad to know that my arduous work in Queensland of years ago is at lea*t appreciated by my friends of th'e shipping fcom münity nnd ethers and especially in ":*' Vorth o.ír-.-.-sian í. I will jost say here thpt b'fnre my Weather Bureau was disbanded by the Government everything jn connection therewith, especially re the warning of hurri 1 canes, was iirot-clasa wording al- most wita precision Bi * "'carono I meter." Furthermore, i. wUi Kai' I without a moment s ntsitation, and in strict justice to myself that, bad I been in oiix*:, anilla warmng wOuid : have bc-tn given of the storms that wrecked- the Yongala and .Koombana with others. This is a matter of correct diagnosis of the isoLars and the faculty of reasoning the tn»ng out from the winds, clouds, barometric figures and othtr elements. Know in^ that the foundations that I so faithfully and traly laid for the Wea- ther Signal Service have within, the j last ten years been negatived con- j tinues to be a very sore point wita Í rae, inasmuch as utterly apart from every personal consideration, I loy- ally devoted the, best years ot my life in every minute detail to the service of Queensland andj Austral- asia generally, andi regarded my stations as so' many . "pet babies " which I was destined to loose- ' Without being egostistical I know my power full well in this matter, and that no one at present in these States can adequately take iny place As matters now stand I recommend .that u «ntlrriy indixwtent Waataar SignaT "Service 'should beestablished ?loos; the coast« ot Contra! and North Queensland. There should be at. least nine stations in the region indicated, and to equip these proper- ly would cost about £25 each. In addition arrangements would most certainly have to be made with ta* French and Pacific Cable Compan- ies whereby cypher messages could bo received at the He«d Office-say at Townsville or Cairns-from the sta- tions at Gomen, 'Noumea, Norfolk Island and Suva, With respect to observes at the Queensland ~ belt of stations such could be drawn I think from the police or other strictly State' officials (not Federal) and some remuneration should be given to aach observer, the amount to be decided by those who organisa tho new service (unless, of course, any enthusiastic volunteers should come forward). Further more code tele- grams, formula for which are In my possession, would have'to pass to and from the Head Office with re spert to th-e new stations, and as the telegraphs are a Federal concern these would have to be paid for. Probably less than' ül'tpcr dafc- would cover this item. An assistant would be necessary fe clerical work at a Sal- ary at the rate of, s^y, £200 a year. 1 suppose that the new service would operate only during, the hurricane months-say from December to April inclusi ve. With respect to myself, I must bv perfectly straightforward since, my,Weather Bureau was dis- banded scientific lecturing and writ- ing have'becn my means of living. and this is still so. At present J am engaged - to commence a new lec- ture tour opening in Hobart on Feb- ruary 1* next-from thence it is pro- posed to travel, via South Austral- ia, to lecture in Wdstern Australia, passing round the north coast a,id . lecturing- thorough North Queensland between J une and October next. Al so I have acquired interests in New Zealand which require my presence there for at least three months out of the twelve. Thus I prefer to l&lt;?av» j the financial aspect .of my own case { to the consideration of my many friends in North Queensland So as to hear what they propose. Excluding myself fcom the estimates already given you will be enabled to tormul ' ate a decision as to > what the wholo thing will cost-not losing sight of thc fact that the financial proposal», entirely cover, the hurricane months only.. In conclusion, I would again ''nay hoc heartily I appreciate your communication, and the efforts of Dr. Nisbet and my other friends to whom please, as onportunity offers, j convey my kindest remembrances. The necessary instruments, apart i from my own private outfit which I have hare and sufficient for one stat- ion only, would bive to be obtained from Jjondon «nd if necessary . a cftblp could be sent for them to the .--rV-prs vrit'i whom I used to deal in days gone by. ' , With best wishes, etc." The Vice President said fhat Mr. Wra*rge estimated he could stay in North Queensland nine months of tho year. If the people pl North. Queensland had his presence for that time it would- bo sufficient. Mr. S. H. Warner : Mr. Wragge has the confidence of the majority of the public. . The vice-President : If we had Mr. Wragge here it would be in direct opposition to the Federal au- thorities. Mr. Warner r Thev are not. doinc much. Thc vice-President : They are do- ing nothing. Most Queenslanders have pinned their faith to) Air. Wragge's ability. When I was in Townsville last week I went with Captain Irvine" and interviewed Mr. Nesbit, who is taking a. great- in- terest in this matter, and he told me a public meeting would be called there. From what I Can gather the idea is to have a main station with Mr. Wragge in charge, and I two or three sub-stations under the supervision of ari attendant to whom Mr. Wragge would supply details. These stations would acquaint Mr. Wragge of weather conditions, and he conld thus, form his conclusions. I think the idea is a splendid one. I am sorry the Cairns people ; arj not manifesting the interest they should do in this subject. Accord ing to the presa reports Tow-m»-'ila had a good' meeting, and tho-/ S.vc cabled! to .Mr. Wragge straight away. Mr. J. C. Carlile : I suppose they :Wañtií-tlio.:il>e^liKtatioi»V!:ia.t',,:: Town»-; viii»,-" ?. ' ? '." - ?->? The Vice-PresSdent : Not necessar- ily.. I think it is anticipated most of the money will be raised l y Northern people. Captain Irvine told me it -would have to be a vol- untary movement, as we cpuld tct no assistance from tie Federal -,r State Governments. His. id~» it that as Townsville had called a public meeting "Cairns should do tho same, and form a .sub-committee of the residents of both places. The whola thing will cost, I understand, about £1000. Mr. Carlile : Would, that cover tho salary of Mr. Wragçe 1 Thc vice-President : Ves. Mr. Warner : For one term ? The vice-President : I think so. If we had a wireless stclica Rt j Cairns it would be .immaterial «ne- ther the meteorological station wero at Cairns or Townsville. Captain Irvine's idea is that a list should be opened, and the various tnwns along the coast canvassed. He was talking about having subscription lists onened in Brisbane, Sydney, and Melbourne, and asking the ship- ping companies, and others inter- ested, to subscribe. When spread over such a large area the scheme looks quite feasible. Mr. Carlile : Don't you think the Federal Authorities, seeing that the Northern people are unanimous in having a station, will reconsider Mr I Hunt's report ? I Tho vice-President : I understand nothing will be placed on the es tJm.tM. WH** - amtlafmetion - «Ma we.j get ont ot Mr. Hunt's interview i here? He said if a meteorological j station were built here it would be establishing a precedent.. He said the population in North Queens- land was too sparse, yet we find a station erected at Macquarie Island. Apart from the population basis we have to consider the steamers coming along the coast. They have people on hoaïd from all parts of Australia. I think Mr. Hunt's ans- wer is an absurd one. ¡Mr. Warner : When you go to the; more populated places in the south you don't expect to find cyclones there. The vice-President : I was simply disgust*"! with. Hr. Hunt's reply. Mr. Warner : Mr. Hunt! is evident- ly top-dog with the authorities. I would suggest that -we ask the Maror to convene a public meeting. The Vice-president : I think it would be better for the Town Coun- cil to ta>e un this matte'r than the Chamber of Commerce. I would be ashamed to belong to this Chamber if T were like some of its members who seldom come tb a meeting except when it suits them Weather^ is a matter which concern? everybody, and I don't see why rnembers of the Chamber cannot spare an hour a month to take part in its deliberations. Mr. Warner moved that as soon as the secretary had obtained the necessary information from Towns- ville the Mayor he asked to convene á : public meeting to - discuss the question ot «. meteorological sta- tion for North Queensland. ' . The motion was seconded by Mr. Carlile and carried manimously.  FROM VARIOUS SOURCES ] Running a oouutry newspaper ia not all sunshine. A rural editor gives the following hint:—"The fellow who cau play billiards, smoke cigars, liavo six penny drink3, sliout for others, trip it to Sydney, go to tho racos, etc., should not overlook the fact that ho owes us a couplo of quid." "D'yer see that there old cove com iu' outer Jones' pub?" remarked tho way-back leg-puller to a now arrival. 'Weil, 'e's tho champeun boozer ov this locality. He's been drunk fur a quarter ov a century, an' if 'e wos ter wake up some mornin' an' flue". 'imself sober I do beliGve the shock would kill 'im Twelve mouths ago 'e wos bitten by a tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too." 'Did the man. die?" tho new chum isked. "No," replied the bushman, "but the snake got blind paralytic drunk." Beauty Is only skin deep, but curves is curves. "The Secret of Smart Dress," runs a headline in a contemporary. Some of the costumes we have seen recently had nothing secret about them at all. "Johanna" tells this one in the "Bul letin"—An exalted military gentleman in Melbourne found himself beset by an untidy young woman of about 25 in a suburban street the other morn ing. "You're , ain't you? Well, Bill can't £0 to the war." "My good woman, I " "I tell yeh straight. Bill can't go to the war, an' 'e won't, so there. Bill's engaged t' me; then lie goes and enlists t' fight the Ger mans. Well, he won't go, see. He's said he'll marry me, 'n' he ain't goin' t' get off so easy. I give you my j word." Can't you picture Bill in a snow-filled trench, with a bullet in his neck, getting off easy? j All men are born free and equal, but the majority of them marry later i on. i j Of troubles connubial, jars and di-: vorce, This, we believe, is the fruitfullest source; A man falls in love with a dimple or curl. Then foolishly marries the entire girl. There was a man In our town And he was wondrous small. Ho bought a big barometer And put it In the hall. And when the mercury went down Because of wind and rain, tie climbed on the umbrella stand And shoved it up again. If everybody on eartli spoke the truth and nothing but the truth for twenty-four hours, we should find our selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution the world has ever known. Last week (writes "Gossip," of the "Stock and Station Journal") I had two schoolboys staying with me, who were on their way from Bedale's School, in Petersfield, Hants, to Scot land. I took them to all the things we had time for, including the "White City," and the play of "Grumpy," at the New Theatre. They had the time of their lives. We visited the Tower j of London, and they saw the "Traitor's «Gate," the site of the scaffold where people used to be shortened, tlio idle soldiers, tbe ancient "Beefeaters," and all the armor and the guns and swords and crossbows, and weapons, of mur der. They were greatly interested, and when we came out I said, "Now, boys, what interested you most about the Tower? What is the strongest im pression that you bring away from the old place?" The bigger and older of the two (nearly 15) said:—"Well, my strongest impression, after seeing all the armor and the weapons of war is that the people of those times were fools." Before I had time to express my views, the younger one said, "Well, we're bigger fools now." "Amen," said I to that, and then we talked! "Northerner" writes:—Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rata which promises that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the. north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this 6eason, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti 'cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl flsliers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the cffcct that an i early monsoon means a placid summer, J and when they have a placid one we i jliave a wet one. Wo can do with it. I  LATEST TELEGRAMS : SYDNEY. Wednesday. Mr. Clement Wragge, writing to the press stated that if the Weather Bureau at Brisbane* was still going, at an annual cost of £1500, the re cent cyclone would have been fore shadowed three days before. Owing- to the manager's refusal ? - to redress some alleged grievances, ? ~ the Abermain and Stockton Boreholo collieries were idle yesterday. The Aberdare and Aberdare Extended collieries granted the men's demands ? ? for the abolition nf fhn nffnmnnn olnff . .. and 400 men liave received 14 d*ys' notice to quit. A masked'- armed burglar ontored the residence ot Dr. Scot Skirving, at Darlinghurst, . last night', and - sue- ? ceeded in securing a quantity of jewellory and other articles. The burglar subsequently erflered an ad joining- house and secured jewelleiy valued at £50. The steamer Norseman arrived yesterday with nine hundred British immigrants for Now South Wales. 1 The Scott exploring expedition re turned to New Zealand on Monday from the South Polar regions. The Lord Mayor makes an appeal to the public for. help for the starving gomen and children in Great Britain. ' , e wishes to send tho Agent-Generat' at least £1000 every.:, two days through the Easter holidays. Mr. Fisher leaves Melbourne on the 9th inst., on a tour of the various States. After conferring with Mr. M'Gowen, Mr. Fisher' goes on* to - Queensland to help in the State elec tions. It is believed that the. Lithgow strike will be over in a day or two. At a meeting yesterday, a show of hands gave 99 in favor of a settle ment, and 75 against. The Postmaster-General' has selec ted a design for the Commonwealth ' postage stamp. It is Australian in design and said to be simple, yet expressive. . . Tbe City Council's by-law with reference to wearing unguarde hat pins is to be enforced by i^jOrial inspectors, who have been ad to keep a look out for off en®-.. an$ to take proceedings. At Sydney show, in 'the district exhibits competition, the South Coast and Tablelands scored 769 x points ; the_ Northern Rivers 575 ; the . Western districts ?' 551 ; New England 531'; and Inverell 516. . SYDNEY, Thursday. At the Rushcntter's Bay stadiulii last night, Clabby outclassed Meeghati ' on points in a 20 round contest.'.^ The Minister, for Works states that his department has been ham pered at every turn by the shortage of skilled labor. ^ Wreckage has been found near Port Hedland arid positively identi fied as having belonged to the steamar Koombana. ^ ? The total attendance at the 'Royal Show yesterday was 19,000. Justice Higgins, in a customs case, which was brought in the High Court, fined the defendant, Warren Lewis, £1211, or six times the value' of the foods imported. It is expected that a section of the /. ' North Coast railway, from Taree to Gloucester, will be completed by the end of the year. ? It is decided to remit all 'fines im posed on cadets for non-attendance at the parades aggregate. At a meeting at Lithgow it was ' resolved by a large majority to accept the agreement for resumption work. The Victorian State mine closed down owing to the abolition -df a second shift and the dismissal of about 350 men. -? -j The latest .fignres- -pf the British strike ballot show a steadily. ) in- creasing majority' against resumption of -work. King George, Queen Mary and Quean Alexandria each donated a thousand guineas to the relief of the distressed.  NORTHERN METEOROLOGY, Reply to Meteorologist. To the Editor.-Sir,-Io your paper of 7th instant I read with interest a letter from the Commonwealth meteorologist. I am very sorry to see that the moat that he can do for North Queensland is to Rive them the readings from a few ooastal stations, and leave them to make any weather that suits them from the data. If the science of forecasting weather is so simple as all this why do we keep up this expen ive Meteorological Department ? If the ordinary man in the street can make his own forecast from the limited amount of data supplied by )Ir. Hunt, why do we pay £22,000 a year to keep the Meteorological Depart ment going ? Mr. Hunt said at Cairns that 44 it was impossible for him. as a human being, to tell what the elements were going to do." He admitted " that there were more men drowned between Townsville and Thursday Island than be tween Townsville and Melbourne," and yet he has not worried about sending any one to study these hurricanes ; he simply leaves it to the man in the street. Mr. Hunt states In bis letter that , ti«e service generally has improved. From your paper of the l?th instant we -can take an example of how it has improved. We read on the ICth that ships were running hack to Cairns for shelter at Now we read the forecast for the 16 th instant: At 13.30 a.m. tbe meteorologi cal office issued the forecast that beyond doubt a disturbance north-east of Cook town had recurved to the south-east and would gradually move away from the coast. Well, the shipmasters-if they ever got this-were certainly not taking much notice of it. as thev took shelter. Again we read on the J6th : " At 4.30 p.m. tbe centre of the disturbance was moving in towards the coastline, and it is certain that very heavy weather will be experienced during the . next 24 hours north of Cardwell." As may be noted from the above, by the 11.30 a.m. forecast people were assured that the storm had passed ; five hours later they were assured that it had not passed, and that they were in for a very bad time.' Weather warnings of this character are more than dangerous. Mr. Hunt said at Cairns that. the authority to take ships to sea should be taken from the captain, and rested in the resident magistrate, when hurricanes are known to exist. But who is goiog to advise the resident magistrate as to the existence I of these dangerous disturbances ? Not Mr. Hunt ; he tells us all about them when they are with us in port. Some of thd Queensland' shipmasters have done their duty to the community for 80 years, and have not made a mistake. Had tho shipmasters stayed in port every t5mo that a disturbance was predicted duiing the last two months, they would have been tied up two-thirds ol the time. The Queensland service would havo been dis organised to such an extent that the people would have been short of stores. The fruit growers would have lost their fruit, which would have been very hard, not only on the Queenslaud people, but the people in the southern States . as well. If this is "the best system that can bo devised" by Mr. Hunt for the beneOt of North' Queensland, it would be advis able for him to withdraw from operations in that locality, and leave the people to the will of providence, ?,[r. Hunt complains of the want of his torical facts Regarding the behaviour of such storms in ' the past, and claims that detailed data have been collected only since the establishment of the Com monwealth meteorological service. In 1888, Captain Switzer collected data, and the book that he wrote is in exist- ence still. He had no assistance from meteorological stations, but laboriously picked up his information from ships' logs. Seeing that the old gentleman had his daily business to attend to, it was no easy task that he set himself. But he was a man who did not consider eight hours a fair day's work for a scientist. Mr. Clement Wragge, after establishing the finest meteorological system south of the line, collected an immense amount of data relative to hurricanes. He travelled and found out for himself. He even went to sea to meet the hurricanes he had pre- dicted, and found them. He worked for the love of his science, and we reaped the benefit. If Mr. Hunt would find Clement Wra^ee and have a very Ions* talk with him, ne would acquire all the data that he is likely to require for a lon^ time. I have never met any shipmasters who have been approached by Mr. Hunt for information regarding cyclones. But if he lias any intention of doing so, I hope that they will not meet him with the same answer that he has given to the North Queensland people, and tell him to help himself. CAPTAIN IRVINE, S.S. Innaminoka. Melbourne , 23rd February.  WEATHER BUREAU AND LATE CYCLONE. (To the Editor.) Sir,--Just allow me to say, in simple justice, that if the Central Weather Bu reau, Brisbane, had been in existence -the annual vote for which did not exceed £ 1500 per annum-three days' warning at least would have been given of the recent cyclone off the north-west coast of Australia.-Yours, etc., CLEMENT L. WRAGGE. Chiltern, Victoria, March 29.  Goolagong (From our own Correspondent) That -we should have in our midst, in the person of the famous meteoro logist-Mr. Clement Wragge, a ver itable wag-must surprise not a few who are apt to regard him as a mere forecaster of dry (ofttimes wet) facts and one who is apt to rouse a trifle at the lamentable apathy displayed by the little cockie and grazier towards his diligent and well-meant predic tions re the weather. Of course it may bo accident, but it looks like design, when we read in the "Forbes Advocate," of April 30th, that the clever, untiring Mr. Wragge says our only immediate chance of a shower lies in the fate of a depression hef aptly names " Conroy " hailing from the land, of the S. Frigid, and now makinsr desperate efforts to reach our sunbaked west, and water its arid plains with refreshing showers. "Con roy's" beneficent endeavours are, how ever, being hampered by two anti cyclonic disturbers of the weather and political peace, presumably "Fish er " and "Bennett," who want mat ters to remain in STATD quo, and are making Herculean attempts to oust "Conny," and frustrate his good in tentions and the . hope of those so ready to welcome his advent. It reminds me somewhat of the dreams on the night of the race which induces a fellow to plank a last, fiver on some outsider which eventually scoops the pool. Let'B hope the futile efforts of Antarctic Conroy to baffle his opponents may not hinder the other Conroy from rising above the political horizon. Meanwhile we are still anxiously on the lookout for a disturbance-we , care not whence or how-bringing a few inches of the much-needed pre cipitation. A euchre party inaugurated by our Cricket Club is on the tapis tor next week. Stock of all kinds are now beiag drafted to other parts of the State mostly ooastwards-a most unpre cedented state of affairs, and further evidencing the deplorable condition of the hinterland as, during our many previous harrowing droughts, we could always turn north, south, or west, but this time we are oompelled to seek sustenance in the east. Sickness is still all too prevalent in this looality, we have added a lot more than onr usual quota to the neighbouring hospitals during the last twelve months ; two of our town ies are in the Cowra hospital seriously indisposed at the present date, but we hope to see them arouud again in their usual good health. The results of the second round of the local billiard tournament are as follows: P. Haydon (65 on) beat V. Hodge (05 on) by 7 ; W. Hodge (85 ou) beat K. Duffy (50 on) by 30; T. Mclnnes (80 on) beat S. Pearce (60 on) by 12 j W. Edmunds (20 on) beat D. Bartley (85 on) by 6; Jas. Ed munds (So on) boat E. McKenzio (35 on) by 19 ; M. Dwyer (65 on) beat T, Melliday (65 on) by 24. The draw for the semi final is as follows:-J. Edmunds (35 on) v. P. Uaydou (65 on), 51. Dwyer (65 on) v. W. J, Edmunds (70), T. Mclnnos (80 on) v. W. Hodge (85 on). It is probably too soon to tip the winnor, but my fancy is T. Mclnnos 1st and M. Dwyor 2nd.  Fpersoag b a phsT : - ? Sir William Lyne continues his greai fight against fearful odds (records an Eastern journal.) ' Recently he had made sufficient . progress to be shifted from 'the WarngaL Glub, where rie toou ill, 1 to a . 'private' . hospital. His pro gress', towards recovery is being main tained, and; his medical advisers hope that, there may yet be many years be- forc hub.; As far as politics are con cerned, howevur, Sir William is dona with them... His recovery could not in any circumstances be so complete as to enable him even to speak in Parlia ment again. The Sydney ' Newsletter " darkly hints tliat' a political divorce, case is on the tapis. , " The facts (it says) are j well known in Australian .political cir cles, but it appears to be thought the | correct thing not to bring the matter I n r in -pn-rl in merit,, but leave the work of exposing wrongdoing to the Press. The Australian politician involved was supposed among his immediate friends to" be something of a Simon Pure, but they were greatly surprised wlten it was found that he had robbed another man of his wife — that man being one who -had; had; political business with him, and had frilly trusted him."- ; Clement Wr'agge, writing from -some where in /Victoria to the " West Aus tralian," ! declares that if his Central Weatheri; Bureau at Brisbane had still been in existence " three days' warn- | ing at -least , would have been given of the recent cyclone, in the Nor'-West of Australia." If -tliat is so — and Wragge (fcr all hi3 eccentricities of expression) has shown himself lengths ahead of any other weather , prophet in the Commonwealth — that Bureau should j be resuscitated by the Federal Govern ment without a moment's- delay. Ac cording ;to Wragge, it was shut . .'down by Queensland merely. on the score- 'of .'expense. . ; --.'f. ' ' A farmer well-known to nearly ev-. eryone. in and around Goomalling paid a visit / to ' that town last Friday (says the " Northern Advertiser,") and ' when he had .finished his business he left for | home, leaving behind. "him his ... coat I where he had tied his horse and sulky | up. On . 'tlie./ way home he' missed his coat, and thought to himself "It's gone." Monday inorning a man passed Iris farm on the way to town, and he stated, the loss to him, and told him life had some idea that" he left the 'coat where he . tied the horse up near the post office. -.. On the man going to -, the spot named, there was the coat sure enough, and in the pockets -of , that j coat- were- a ,ten-pound 'nbte, a cheqrie book, and, some valuable . letters and papere." / '. , ' - . ' ' Dealing with ex-President Roosevelt's decision to have another try. for the. latchkey of he'- White ' House, the San Francisco "Argonaut" tells the fol lowing story Early in 1908, when Colqnel Roosevelt was more or ' less .considering the -project; of his riomina- | tion for a' third term, a' - Democrat conspicuous in national politics and a close friend v of ' the .then President, said to him in the White House : ' Theodore, you could .probably bring about your own nomination by the party, for a third term, but it is my' judgment that you could - not carry -a single state in tlieUnion.' . VI be lieve you are right/ replied the Colonel. We are not able to see that the situa tion has materially changed. We/doubt1 if any man running for a third ' term in the" presidential office in contempt, of the jradition and practice of more tharj a century could carry any state in/the Union."/- / . : Few people' . are -aware that' the widow ! of . Adrim .Lindsay. ; Gordon- ' ! is still alive (says a ' Melbourne ,_paper) . ' A Scotch, lady/born in Glasgow, she -is small of stature, but as allert, brisk' and cheerful -ris m'a'riy" woirien only half her age" Her father was a baker in Mel bourne. When lie closed up his. shop, he accepted a, billet on a station near Robe, in South /Australia. - Here in 1863 Miss Peak met Gordon; who was taking . a string of racehorses .round the' Mount VGambier district'.- The, en gagement lasted .12 months, : and im mediately after riiamage, Gordon/ who had just : inherited £7000 from liis inother, stood for Parliament. Gor don lost money in racing, and. became afflicted ( with melancholy owing to,, a' succession of bad falls when riding in steeplechases. Then, ' years after his death, Mrs; Gordon was foolishly per suaded to sell the copyright of- his bqoks for av very small sum. Conse quently she has had none; of the . ad vantage which lias followed -the' public favor since displayed for Gordon's, ' works', /, . From Melbourne " Table' Talk " Sir,- Cornthw'aite- Rason, ex-' Prenjier of W.A.- and prospective Unionist candidate .for York, is a. man of- literary tendencies. In the rough, and tumble of Wcstralian politics he used to make speeches which were rather too classic ' for luc iuuuuii uemocraLic atmospnera about him. However, he raised himself, to the Premiership without- a perceptible effort. Rason's literary tendencies may exist,' though they were not . manifested in, this country, but to talk as ,if the Premiership fell into his mouth, , like a ripe plum, is the reverse of fact.' No man .in the public life of this State ever had a harder struggle to attain Ministerial office than Rason, a good ten years of whose " outpost duty for the Empire " in tliis part ' of the world were a desperate struggle against duns and judgment summonses. That he won through in the end' was little, short of miraculous to those who knew the desperate' straits he ' was so fre quently in. , .. . The late Cardinal Moran, according to tho Sydney " Bookfellow," was a distinguished ecclesiastic but a., poor authority on poetry. He didn't even /know the number of lines that must go to a sonnet. Cardinal Moran was presiding over a gathering of the faithful to commemorate a Jubilee of the Church, and was reciting 'tributes of congratulation from all the world. "And now," he said, " I have here a sonnet by that nota ble Irish poet, /Aubrey de Vere. It is a very short sonnet, consisting only of " — (sotto voce, " one, two, three ") — "t consisting only of - six teen — no, of, fourteen lines ; so that > | evep at this late hour I may read it. to you." Among the audience was the sonnet-writer who reportec the incident. His fait-h in the in fallibility of the Church has ever since been diminished by two lines. Reminds , us that a one-time member of this staff, who could pen a capital parody and turn out really merito rious jingle at times, once came to light with an " In Memoriain " tri bute to Dr. Lyhane .in the shape of a seventeen line " Sonnet." And we were never sure that ho quite forgave us forAa.-.dospGrate-attempt-to rotyrito- it according to accepted .plans -and specifications. s , , , , ;.j j ,4 . a- " Northern Advertiser believes Col lier to be thfe ." soundest man in the Ministry,"- and congratulates the min- ers having : their interests in his hands, ""instead of in those of the rashly impetuous i\lr. Johnspn or the feebly indifferent Ntr. Bath." . Certain ly, taking the testimony of foes and friends alike,, the member for Boulder seems to have created a better im pression in (and of) his administrative capacity than any other member of the team. He can say NO more effecti vely than any of his colleagues, too, when any attempt is made to impose on him. Why did tho " Miner " blue-pencil that reply of Collier's to the Ora Banditti who wanted the State to supply "them with > a battery. Bald-headed, with neatly trimmed beard (white and brown) . and dressed in a suit of blue, a -witness gave evi- dence in the Warden's Court on Tues day (says the " Murchfbon Times."), He kept the- Court laughing, and even tho Warden (Mr. Lang) himself could , not refuse to relax occasionally into a smile. It was none- other than Owen. Daly, better known here as Micky the Priest," a man who was rioted in v the early days of Cue, and who, ciown at the lUamJand, made a tor- tune of £30,000. Like most of the other pioneers, lie is now short of this world's currency and up against the hard things of life. v Robert' Philp, M.L.A. for Towns- ville, and ex-Premier of Queensland, in terviewed at Fremantle last week on his way home for a trip, predicted a majority of about 16 for the Den'iam Government at the general elections. " The Labor Party," saicl Philip "have never yet been in a majority in our State Assembly, and I don't think they ever will be . I think our people are heartily sick of them, after their/ recent five or six weeks' experience . of ' . the practical application of Socialism." / The Hon. Robert was born at Glas- gow, a trifle over' 60 years ago, and t hasn't seen liis native land for half a century. He has held half a dozen . different portfolios, at one time and another, and his recreation, according to " Who's Who," is cricket. Tlios. Burgoyrie, . a South Oss. legislator, was recently called by the Adelaide Labor daily " that aged be trayer ,of progressive Liberalism." Whereupon Thos. in a letter to the of fending newspaper : . ' . //. That I am aged i3 true, nnfi per- haps it is well for the writer that .... . i age , (brings ' calmness and in-/', difference, to /insolent abuse which; youth," could not tolerate.- - The ".Herald " " apologises to tlie' ex-; / Lent, of .assuring the incensed veteran'/ -that it was only his public x career : r ithat was being dealt with, and that :-; " the word' 'aged was not used in an' .' oEensive way." It would -be interest- , ing to know in what other sense it is. capable of being used, when harnessed to a substantive like " betrayer." This- is a. true story. When Charlie. Frazer, the P.M. G., was recently iri . these parts, ho received a cablegram from a Melbourne friend, now 'in 'Lon don, which ran , as follows:—' "Bullfinch Moreing and Neil landless." . Charlie pored oyer it for a long time, and then, took it to a Hannan-street broker. '' " It's a smart chap who sent that," .He said, " and 'here's probably a good sbareinarket tip in it, but I Can't make head or tail of it." The broker smiled pitingly. ' "Did you never hear of Moreing and Neil's code ?" he asked. The man who is at the iiao'l of the telegraph business of the Com- mpnwealth/ and /who is generally re presented as being an courarit with the . latest discoveries of Edison and Mar- ' coni, frankly - admitted that h8 never had. The /broker .snorted and grabbed a book from his office shelf. How ever, it turned' out' that "(landless" only meant, " Can you find but anything reliable about . the mine ?" or some thing to that effect, so that naithe:: the politician nor tha bull-arid-bcar bloke are>any -the batter off for the cable. ' . . \ / "r In the time pf;; the 'Wilson ("Govern ment" J. D. Connolly, then Colonial Secretary, bought a Kimberley run with tho .-idea of establishing a sort-/ of native reservation. . He gave in structions. ..that- t)ie, blacks were to be allowed to use' the run as a camping ground," given an occasional bullock when game was scarce, and' in all | re spects to be -treated kindly.. The ;. vo- suit of- tlje. experience is disclosed in the annual report of the- Aborigines De partment., Although 300 wild blacks are. - often ,camped( near the homestead, cattle:spearing has entirely ceased. " No depredations have been com mitted by the natives, among our own ' herd or these surrounding us,", reports the "Protector. From which it is .to -be seeri that it pays to treat the na tive" as a human being. Connolly, by the way, is as riiuch underrated as t-lio . O'Loghlens and Troys are praised be yond, their merits; There must have i-ccti mumiiinuauiYc aumty lu tui; LjJicu man who started (the immigrants' Home, ppened -up Rottnest, as a plea sure resort, established tlie. isla nd sys tem of Lock hospitals for natives, . and .initiated tho policy of kindness to .the blacks. .  A Prophet's Predictions. HEAT WAVES, CYCLONES, AND 'QUAKES. AiiFtralawirt is in for :i had time. Past disasters will pale into Insignificance If the predictions of tho latest prophet—or oven .1 minimum of them—romo to pnw. And thore is always a chance that one nifcy striko it right, and establish a reputa tion for accurato foresight. Many weather prophets havo arisen In Australia of Into years, hut they have been content to stop at predicting for a year ahead.' To Barmertman, however, belongs tho honor of producing a prophet who has eclipsed tho predictions of all the names known to Australia. Egeson, Russell, Wragge, Hunt, and the man from Moree arc not now In it The new man is silent as to his system. It may be as simple and as convincing as aching corns in the act of foretelling rain. Hut whatever it is, neither time nor dls tanco checks its efficacy. Isobarlc- pres sure, high level stations, kites, barometric observations, und the like, which are be lieved to figure largoly iu the elaboration of the forecast of a day or so, havo been overshadowed. Even Zadklel, Old Moore, and tho other great predictors, have contented themselves with hazarding the doings of a day, but the tiarmedman prophet's predictions are enough to make the boldest of Australia's citizens shiver in his shoes. Neither Mr. M'Gowen nor Mr. Wado, nor tho Egyptian plagues, could promise greater disasters than Mr. H. Walsh, of Barmedman, who writes, undor date May 2, as follows:— "During the first part of 1913 there will be great heat waves, causing many deaths, cyclonic disturbances, causing towns and shipping to bo seriously affected, and devas tating floods, causing- great loss of life and property. "Droughty conditions will rulo more or leBB until 1918. Then there will bo a roturn to a succession of good seasons. There will bo an earthquake in New Zealand In the year 1912; and an earthquake in Aus tralia before 1917; and. owing to.the. great depression that is about {to affect this country, free or assisted immigration to Australia will cease in 1913. The great drought of 1912 will continue until the end of (his year.— (Signed) H. Walsh, tho Bar* moUman weather Propnot.  vWBUEHEB FOBEC&STING. Tflx, Wragge Critical, u ? Mr. Clement L. Wragge has supplied nfl With the following forecast and comments, issued at 10 a.m. on Saturday:— 'Well, good people of Adelaide, all your , meteo- rological troubles are going temporarily to ease off, for the beneficent Usher pres sure? are now shadowing the Bight ? and approaching this fair city. But 'Agamem non.' like the sword of Damocles, is in a sulky mood about 800 miks sooth-vest from Albany, and TMmon' is frowning off Shatk Bay. The 'skirts' of 'Proserpine' will' yet affect all regions between Cape Northumberland, Capo Pillar, and Hunter River, causing nasty, unsettled weather from' b&tween Treat and south, while Tluto/ her lord, is now raging in very terror dVer the Tasman Sea. Oh, that we had' mfrtm«H of the cables and telegraph lines! _ In the interests of our common humanity, we should instantly warn Wel lington' that the north-westerlies trill howl . through' Cook's Straits lika tearine through a famy1^ and even seismic distarb ance' is likely' in that vicinity, as a fitting accompaniment to the march of the king «f gehenmu Why 'cannot the Common wealth Weather Bureau, with its most ample 'data and wireless facilities, take the people' inbre into its confidence, and tell them, in; plain, but pleasing, language what to- Aspect? If we field the reins of power as-of 'yore, we should have a meteorological service' second to none in tie world. Bat, instead of speaking out, the existing meteorqlogfcal officials seem half afraid, like some timorous child, while the very isobars are staring them in the face, as though protesting against a policy of shilly shally and what has been. Competency they may hope, but they lack that British element called pluck, and do not seem to be able to diagnose. Great gods, just fancy! Last Saturday, March 8, Tluto' was poking his ugly snout straight ait the Weather Office from Cape Leenwin, arid yet the modest forecast for South Aua tralia,,ksued at 9 p.m. on Sunday, March 9, and so sweet and childlike in its sim plicity, was enunciated in these terms: — 'Fine but warmer; easterly winds.' The irony_ .of the thing! Throw a little Napo fconia energy into your red-tape utterances Air. Uuei, and- don t feed toe public on akiSy.and milk and wafer. Remember that Ionian lives and property are at stake, and cultivate the faculty of correct diagnosis. Therein lies your very- salva tion.. .Hatters are more* favourable over Queensland, northern South Australia, and north-western and northern New South Wales; .but. 'Proserpine'; will cause very foxy south-westerly weather in Victoria and Tasmania, especially off the coasts, moderating, however, by, Monday. 'Dimon' stall .promises to, affect the oorth-west and the Territory; -but the' season is coming when the monsoons will lessen in intensity and when anti-cyclonic pressures will taRe their place. . The ' declination of the sun is a mighty. factor, and surely tells as the weeks go by.'  SAYINGS OF TO-DAY AND YESTERDAY. I Circumstances alter kisses.—Caro lyn Wells. Many are men of probity—until you begin to pvobe.—J. Whitman. The man who can't remember when he was a fool is one yet.—Strickland Gillian. About the only way a wornau can keep a secret is to keep it going.— Nathan Levey. Woman: A being to run away from, or with—as the case may be.—Elbert Hubbard. Young men, 1 have to advise you to try to be good rather than great. You'll have less competition.—T. Lawson. The wages of sin is exposure.—Es telle Klauder. A high old time lays many a man low.—Cole Blease. On the door of success is "push," in brass.—Upton Sinclair. Lots of people will take everything for granted, except a hint.—Green wood Lake. 'TiB better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all, but It Isn't so cheap.—Sam Stimson. The trouble with the average mar ried man is that he doesn't know what a jewel his wife is till he comes to put liov In a oaBkot.—General Sickles. "Northerner" writes:—Anent the drought, the recent lieat spell, and the prospects ot the rain which promises and never comes, it is curious to note that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken oil before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but It has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to the' extent o£ 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsvllle which doesn't get its ten Inches or so of rain a week considers itself in tho throes of a fearful drought, tho fact remains that tho monsoons are early this sonson, and if history repeats It solf we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti cyclones whioh spell rain for the south of tha continent. Tho pearl-1 fishers at Thursday Islaqd and Darwin bave a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it. It isn't so much that a woman wouldn't, but she hates to think that you think she would.  Concentrates, A plumber and ironworker ad- vertised for. The temperature in Sydney on Friday reached 99 deg. On Friday night burglars broke into the Trades Hall, Sydney, and secured tools valued at £30. An officer and 17 soldiers were executed at Constantinople last week for cowardice at Kirk-Kilisse. The additions to the Cobar Dis- &nbsp; trict School have been hung up for a week, owing to the inspector con- demning the bricks. A motor party left Cobar on Thursday of last week en route to Cunnamulla, a jaunt of over 1000 miles there and back. The steamer Zealandie arrived in Sydney last week with 120o immi- grants, amongst whom were 26 brides-elect. The brand of whisky which is relished by miners as well as their bosses is the one and only — O.O. Orkney.* At Gary (Indiana) on Wednes- day last, a ton of dynamite ex ploded in the Aetua Powder Com pany's premises, and six men were blown through the roof and killed. The will of the late Mr. George Robertson Bettridge of ??, Vic., has been lodged for probate. The testator died on July 8 last, and left property to the value of £90,000. Thirteen Mormon missionaries have arrived in Sydney. They pro- pose to conduct propaganda work in Australia for 12 months. The eldest of the party is 23 years of age. Says the Brewarrina 'Times': — Talk about carelessness ! Well we are in not in it as compared to the railway officials. During the past week papers labelled Brewarrina have been sent to Cobar or Bourke, thus depriving the townspeople of their latest news. What is the rea- son ? When you decide ro select your boots or shoes remember that the best range of Footwear, i.e. shoes of best quality, best fitting, best ap pearance and largest variety is at A. B. Campbell's. Isn't it prob able that you can do a little better by giving us your patronage ? A. B. Campbell, Shoe Specialist.—* Word was received in Forbes last week that Lyn. Cook, of Bur- nett, between Eugowra and Cano windra, drew first horse in the big Tattersall's sweep on the Mel bourne Cup. The lucky number, which drew Piastre, was 1222, and Mr. Cook will receive ^12, 000 as his share. It is stated that the lucky speculator has been engaged in the rabbit trapping industry for sometime. He is but 2 1 years of age, a son ,of Constable Cook, who was formerly In charge of the Can owindra police station. In the House of Representatives last week, the Minister for Cus- toms' S^id that.tbe steamer Irishman had only six baths for 1400 pas sengers. Inquiries had proved that measles had been prevalent amongst the passengers before the ship left England. Take your troubles In the trade to H M. Bell, practical watchmaker, jeweller and optioian, next Mitchell's nevvsagency Yon will find his work right, his price right and his promise ditto. — .0 The right to the publican's booth at the Nevertire races brought £45, whilst the right for. the refreshment stall went for a modest half a quid. There is a difference between eating and drinking out west, where they Never-tire of liquid refreshments.— Exchange. Last week the Bathurst 'Times' &nbsp; issued a four page supplement as a souvenir of the jubilee celebrations of the historic City of the Plains. The supplement contains many il lustrations of the picturesque City, also some interesting reading con cerning the discovery aud progress of Bijtlnirst. Tenders invited for road work in this issue. The audience at Wirth's Circus,. &nbsp; Melbourne, last week witnessed a fierce fight between a Polar bear and a powerful boar-hound. The animals fought for ten minutes and were eventually separated by their trainers. Both animals were badly mauled. Visit F. W. Ward and Co.'s store when wanting anything in summer goods. They are offering special inducements during November.* Readers are reminded that if their names are not on the electoral roll they are liable to a fine of £2. Per- sons who have been residents in the district for one month, and who intend residing here, are also liable if they don't become enrolled. Says the Condobolin 'Lach- lander ' : Our editor returned on Wednesday last, bearing a crop of influenza estimated to reach 38 bushels to the square foot. The stripper harvester of medicinal treatment has since been in full action, but there is still enough left to make him feel as seedy as a wheat barn. , The- Salvation Army is appealing for £20,000 for the General Booth Memorial Fund for a home for working and needy men in Sydney. The proposed building will accom modate between 600 and 700 men, and will be one of the largest houses of its kind in the world. There are suits and suits, but O'Dea's suits give satisfaction all the time.* The striker Evans, who was bat- oned after the shooting of Constable Wade at Waihi, died on Thursday morning from his injuries. He never recovered consciousness. Sixty strikers went to gaol for committing breaches of the peace. They are now signing bonds in order to regain their liberty. A cyclone passed over. Grafton on Tuesday. Rain fell in torrents and flooded the city. Lumps of ice as large as hen eggs fell with terrific force. In some parts of the district the hail-stones weighed half an ounce, and pierced iron roofs and smashed windows. The official opening of the Tem- ora demonstration farm last week was a great success. The farm comprises an area of 1,600 acres, which up till recently consisted of 14 homestead selections. The Parliamentary party who were pre sent at the opening included Messrs. J. L. Trefle (Minister for Agri- xulture) , W. A. Holman (Attorney General) , T. Brown (Federal mem ber for Calare) , Morrish, Stuart Robertson, Osborne, Page and Briner, M's.L.A., Mr. Valder (Superintendent of Agriculture), ?^S-cmRil^^rera1rles;?dWt^ the opening ceremony had been performed the visitors were enter tained at a banquet, at which some 200 people were present. Exactly suitable for the hot climate of Cobar — O.O. Orkney whisky and a little ginger ale.* Frank Wootton, the Australian jockey, will retire from race riding at the end of the present English season, owing to his rapid increase in weight. Wootton has headed the list of winning jockeys three times in England— in 1909, 1910, and last year. So far he has ridden 88 winners this season, and is second in the list to D. Maher, who has had 92. Wootton's record from 1906 to I9I2 is ; Mounts, 3424 ; wins, 761; second, 623; third, 472; nnr-1afwl IKfift The School of Arts Bazaar opens in the Masonic Hall on Wednesday night next. There is a handsome lot of gifts to be competed for, in- cluding a gold watch, suit of clothes, eight-day clock, violin and other valuable articles, which have all been subscribed and donated gratuitously by business people and admirers of the institution, Con- sidering the up-to-dateness of the School of Arts — the large and ex- tensive library and reading-room, combined with its spacious and airy billiard room — the institution does not get the support it really war- rants. However, it behoves all to attend and assist the bazaar, and in doing so they will be helping along, a worthy institution. Your summer shirts, Tis best to make the selection early and be prepared for when the warm days come. The range of shirts we are showing is very complete and in cludes the newest in neat and beauti ful designs. Decide now that you shall see the shirts at A. B. Camp bell's, The Men's Store.—* Like the fox, the crow has both friends and enemies amongst the people on the land. At a meeting of the Wagga Pastures Protection Board it was moved that the TlnnrA pay a bonus of 3d per head on crows,, but. Mr. Cox opposed the motion. He said there were argu nients against the crow, but it was admitted that these birds were use ful in many waya. Mr. J. G. Fletcher, a pastoralist and farmer of many years experience, also op posed the motion. It was pointed out in a circular received from Jer ilderie Board that they did ponsider able harm in preying on the eggs and the young of insectivorous birds. It was decided not to agree with the views of the Jerilderie Board, and not to co-operate as re quested in filing a bonus. A correspondent, writing in the Tamworth 'Observer,' declares that a bunch of mint, if placed on a table or shelf , or hung anywhere in &nbsp; a room will banish flies. By means of a method of tapping on the spine, Dr. Albert Abrams, of San Francisco, claims to have discovered a cure both for tuber culosis in its early stage aud ap pendicitis. A revision court, for the purpose of revising the supplementary list of electors of the Municipality, will be held at the Court House, Cobar, on Thursday, 28th November. A police constable in Wellington impounded three cows found graz- ing on the well-kept grass lawn in front of the police barracks. One of the straying beasts belonged to the inspector of nuisances. At Wrightville on Thursday night next, Les. Meurer and Harry Campbell are to box the best of 20 rounds. The contest should be a good one, as both boys have met twice before and got a decision each, so Thursday night's mix-up will decide matters. The mildest and absolutely the purest whisky in the market is 6. O.- Orkney. Once tasted never refused.* The sale of horses by Mr. J. M. Scott takes place this (Tuesday) day, at Martin's sale yards, East Cobar. All the horses are fat and suitable for delivery cart, coaching or van horses. A well-known Forbes publican was speaking ou what he termed the cussedness of human nature the other night. ' 'Several years ago I was a local preacher in London,' he remarked, 'and now I am pulling beer for thirsty residents. I wonder what the men I 'saved1 in London would say if they saw me now.' At the meeting of members of the Cobar branch of the A.M.A. in &nbsp; the Stadium on Sunday in connec- tion with the withdrawal from the Amalgamation, it was decided to take a ballot of members on the question later on. The meeting was fairly noisy, the General Sec- retary, who was present, receiving a deal of criticism over some of his statements which recently appeared in the Metropolitan press. Readers are reminded that the Druid's great carnival opens in the Cobar Stadium on Thursday next, and will be continued on the fol- lowing night. A real treat is in store for the sport-loving people, such items as the tug-of-war, wrestling, cadet drill competitions, dancing, singing &c. being on the programme, the advertisement ap- pearing in this issue giving par- ticulars. In the early hours of Wednesday morning at Dubbo railway station, says the 'Dispatch, 'a motor cycle, the property of Mr. Neil Hives, took fire. It appears the cycle had been consigned, with naptha in it, which is prohibited for transit by rail in cycles, and had been put into the tin shed at the station. A notifi- cation had previously been sent to the owner to say that the cycle was there at his risk. The conflagration reached the roof of the building, the tin of which was blackened and scorched, and it is a most fortunate thing it was not placed elsewhere, or the station buildings would have been well alight. The cycle is al- most a total wreck. we ve uuui our Dusiness on a solid foundation by always offering lines of trustworthy merchandise ? the real sterling worth kind. We believe that quality is what counts and next to that is popular selling prices. These reasons should com mend our lines to you. A. B. Campbell, Headquarters for Mer cery and Footwear. — * At a meeting of the Wyarilda Shire Council, one of the councillors asked the president if there was any letter from the 'eviction people,' The chairman replied in the affirm ative, but added that he had decided not to table it. 'I wish you would,' replied the other, ' because I would suggest that if the Governor- Gener- al wants rooms in New South Wales we could let him have the use of the council chambers. Another coun cillor' suggested that there would be trouble if the council wanted to meet on washing day, . j.vu. (jiement wragge, in a lec ture at Gulgong, referred to the way in which he had been 'misrepre sented by the press over the matter of droughts. He claimed that in 1904 he had predicted that the rain fall in 1912 would be below the average, and also in the two fol lowing years, but that the con ditions would change back to normal rains afterwards, year by year, until 1920. In April last, while lecturing in the west, he had said that the dry weather then pre vailing would be broken by fairly good rains, and he advised the people to save every drop of water, as the dry conditions would be re sumed. There would be intermit tent falls, but in general the con ditions would be on the dry sjde. He claimed that his words liad come true, for, although they had such splendid rain in June and July, it was only what he had told them. The records showed that since then the rain has been holding off, and that more is needed. When the June rains came on he was ridiculed far and wide, but they must admit that be was correct in his forecast.  MIGHT HAVE BEEN WARNED. Mr. Clement L. Wragge writes:— "Just allow me to say, in simple justice,, that if the Central Weather Bureau, Bris bane, had been in existence — the annua! vote for which did not exceed £1500 — three ciciys warning at ictusi. wuuiu u#»c uecii given of the recent cyclone on the north west coast of Australia." .  [ TROM VARIOUS SOURCES Running .a tcountry newspaper is not all sunshine. A rural editor-gives the following hint:—"The fellow who can play billiards, .smoke cigars, have six penny drinks, shout for others, trip it to Sydney, go to the races, etc., should not overlook the fact that he owes us a couple of quid." "D'yer see that there old cove com in' outer Jones' pub?" remarked the , way-back leg:puller to a new arrival, j 'Well, 'e's the champeun boozer ov chis locality. He's been drunk fur a quarter ov a century, an' if 'e wos ter wake up some mornin' an' find 'imself sober I do believe the shock would kill 'im Twelve months ago 'e wos bitten by a tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too." 'Did the man die?" the new chum asked. "No," replied the bushman, "but the snake .got blind paralytic drunk." Beauty is only skin deep, but curves is curves. "The Secret of Smart Dress," runs a headline in a contemporary. Some of the costumes we have seen recently had nothing secret about them at all. "Johanna" tells this one in the "Bul letin"—An ..exalted military gentleman in Melbourne found himself beset by an untidy young woman of about 25 in a suburban street the other morn ing. "You're , ain't you? Well, Bill can't go to the war." "My good woman, I " "I tell yeh straight. Bill can't .go to the war, an' 'e won't, so there. Bill's engaged t' me; then he goes and enlists t' fight the Ger mans. Well, he won't go, see. He's said he'll marry me, 'n' he ain't goin' t' get off so easy. I give you my word." Can't you picture Bill in a snow-filled trench, with a bullet in his neck, getting off easy? All men are born free and equal, but the majority of them marry later on. Of troubles connubial, jars and di vorce, This, we believe, is the fruitfullest source; A man falls in love with a dimple or curl. Then foolishly marries the entire girl. There was a man in our town And he was wondrous small. He bought a big barometer And put it in the hall. And-when the mercury went down Because of wind and rain, [le climbed on the umbrella stand And shoved it up again. If everybody cn earth spoke the truth and nothing but the truth for twenty-four hours, we should find our selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution the world has ever known. Last week (writes "Gossip," of the "Stock and Station Journal") I had two schoolboys staying with me, who were on their way from Bedale's School, in Petersfield, Hants, to Scot land. I took them to all the things we had time for, including the "White City," and the play of "Grumpy," at the New Theatre. They had the time of their lives. We visited the Tower of London, and they saw the "Traitor's Gate," the site of the scaffold where people used to be shortened, the idle soldiers, the ancient "Beefeaters," and all the armor and the guns and swords and crossbows, and weaponsi of mur der. They were greatly interested, and when we came out I said, "Now, boys, what interested you most about the Tower? What is the strongest im pression that you bring away from the old place?" The bigger and older of the two (nearly 15) said:—"Well, my strongest impression, after seeing all the armor and the weapons of war is that the people of those times were fools." Before I had time to express my views, the younger one said. "Well, we're bigger fools' now." "Amen," said I to that, and then we talked! "Northerner" writes:—Aneut the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain which promises that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this, is nothing to talk about in those' climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the. throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti-J cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we . have a wet one. We can do with it.  WINDS ON AN AWFUL SCALE. Mr. Clement Wragge makes (says the Auckland 'Weekly News') the follow ing remarks 011 the weather: "Another upheaval in the sun, about 12,000 miles in diameter, is approaching the centre or solar disc. To these abnormal conditions is certainly attributable the Chinese earthquake, and also earth tremors in New Zealand, and the South African floods. Winds On an awful scale, with gigantic tongues of hydro gen, flame around these solar storms in exactly the same manner as do the winds around the puny cyclones of earth, ucrthern and southern hemi spheres respectively; and it must ever be remembered tliat the earth and the sun are inseparably linked together by the all-pervading wireless etherie' waves. Much affect not only our at mosphere, but also industrial affairs and tlio vagaries of human nature at this critical time."  VOYAGE THROUGH THE UNIVERSE. MR WVRAGGE AT MORWELL. Residents of Morwell and district were given an opportunity of sharing in a rare intellectual treat on Satur day evening, 27th ult., when Mr Clement Wragge, the eminent and talented astronomer and meterolo gist dilevered his interesting and instructive lecture entitled " A Voyage through the universe." The The attendance was not nearly so large as might have been expected, but all present were delighted with the entertainment. With the aid of a powet ful lantern which threw upon a screen photos as seen through some of the most powerful telescopes in the world, taken at Lick and other observa tories, the lecturer carried the audience clean away from this mun dane sphere into the heavens, millions of suns kmnillions and millions of miles away) coming into view, and around which worlds revolve. In dealing with the subject, the lec turer indirectly delivered a most powerful sermon, and he pointed out the majesty and power of the Great Creator. The study of astronomy, he said, knocked the bottom out of those individualswhoimagined them. selves of great impo:tance and this earth the greatest of God's handi. work. The earth, which was merely an off-shoot from the sun, was an in significant tiny thing compared to millions of other worlds that revol. ved through space at an enormous speed. The moon was likewise an off-shoot ofthis earth, and he re. marked that its temperature rose to 300 degrees, and fell to zoo degrees below zero. After frizzling for some days a m -n would then commence to freeze. If they wished anyone tor ture the moon was the place to tell them to go; not to Hell. They knew nothing about the latter place, but what he had stated was a fact about the queen of the Night. Interesting pictures were thrown on the screen, of mountains, sea beds, craters, etc., in the moon. Referring to our sun. Mr \Vragge said there w ws a vital and direct c m nection between the conditions pre vailing in the sun, and the atmos pheric and seismic disturbances of our own planet. \hat are popular ly known as " sun spots" are really violent cyclonic cataclysms, taking p!ace in the atmosphere of the sun as the result of internal convulsions, the magnitude and energy of which we can form no adequate conception. These, explosive outbursts which create in the sun atmospheric vor tices fifty and eren eighty thousand miles in diameter, project magnetic waves-on exactly the same principle as the Marconi wireless telegraphic waves--with such fearful velocity that they reach our earth-a dis tance of 93 00oo,o00oo miles in the course of a few hours and invariably produce magnetic phenomena, of which the aurora borealis, tidal waves, cyclones, floods and earth quakes are the visible effects. These sun storms are periodic. The maxi ma occurred in r9o5, and rain is always abundant at such periods. Then there is a reversion to the minima when rain is scarce, and this period was approaching now, but as the last maxima was unduly pro longed, the minimum would not be reached until 1915. Every agricul turist should prepare for this period of dryness, for although the predic ted " drought" would not be so severe as on the last occasion, owing to the influence of other planetary bodies, Mr \Vragge advises tile fi.r mers to make ample provision for it. At first the mention of the connection between "sun spots" and atmospheric conditions on the earth seemed so remote, that tile audience might well be excused for failing to realise its significance, but when the talented lecturer explained the thesis upon which he based his calculations enabling him to forecast so accurate, ly, thle scientific fact of solar influence upon earth conditions was made more clearly manifest. Wireless telegraphy materially helped to illus trate the wonderful eff:ct of the ether waves, which are cause.d by the tre mendous magnetic upheavals in the s-n, and the inconceivable velocity with which they travel, as well as their pronounced effect upon earth conditions, when they strike this planet. At the conclusion of the lecture some of those present were privileged to witness a demonstration of that marvellous discovery, radium. Mr \Vragge showed a piece uf pitch blende from which radium is ex tracted, and lie also showed the " Alpha" rays thr w-i , 1f by the metal, as also the " Gammnt" rays. Front a tiny speck that co.ld hardly be seen, numerous sparks were thrown off. demonstrating the won derful energy of radium, a',d the lecturer said it wool I be th uiands of years before the energy pr duced from this spark was used up. Ice said that if a saltsp, onful of radium was obtainable it wnuld generate activity sufficient to raise 500 tons to a height of one mile. He also slid that whilst it wou'd destroy life, it ,wt' I 10o cure diseases and pro long life very considerably. Looen nt for the event of the year. -Grard ltibernian Ball, WVednes Slay. October rgth.-R. Noy, Hon.  SEASONS AND SOLAR SYSTEMS mr. wragge's real forecast. when "wildehnes8e8 become smiling edenb." Some remarks attributed to Mr. clement L. Wragge, whoxo name as a -meteorologist is known the world ovor, by a-Melboume paper a short whllo ago "cast a gloom," us tho death notices say, over the farmers and paa- torallsts of Australasia. But it Deems that Mr. Wragge did not auy what ho Ib said tJ huvo said, so this morning ho sot hitnseU right Vlth thosti gentlemen who follow thu cult' of the land, sheep, horse, or cow, os a profession, und with tho country generally. Sold the big chief weather prophet between pipe pufr s und re-lights:— "A tow woeku ugo I gave a forecast to thu Melbourne 'Age,' und Htutcd that between 1910 and 1915, or at the utmost IMti. the rain fall In AuHtrulla us a wholo would fall to- low the average. Such Is understood by the word 'drought,' remembering Unit drought, meteorologically understood, mcrtiqi precipi tation under the uvenigc umuk..(, und dov.i not necessarily imply sucn a drought us thut which was experienced In 1901-3. 1 turthur the avcrago (or 'drought) would be more pronounced In the Inland districts of Aus tralia than would be the caso near tho coast; and thut if jmatorallsts, fanners, and otheru were wise they would not overstock, but would conserve water whllo it Is yet here, and would certainly mnkc cnsllugc and stora up fodder Instead of burning it und letting it go to waste. Such teaching, It would be un derstood, Is thoroughly In harmony with t.iu parable of the 10 virgins, fivo of whom wcr? wise, and livu wcro foolish. NO PROPHECY OF "SEVERE DROUGHT." "Now, the report wao Immediately circu lated, and purtlculurly In Gippslnnd and parts of'NftW South Wales, thut 'Mr. U'iagg«j hud suld thut Australia was on tho eve 01 six yours of soverc drought.1 I never uard those words, und strictly mlhcro to what has already been said in the foregoing, numciv. that a dellclencv of rainfall, more or less, will be experienced within or during the period named, und this Is tho very best that moteorologlcal science can give at this pres ent stage In tho history of wouther study. " "On what do you base your conclusions, M,\ Wragjro?" "My answer In threefold. To forecast seasons one must study first the physical condition of tho sun, with respect to whut tiro known as Its maxima and minima mooilc; secondly, the astronomical position of tho moon, nnd the swing of lunar deetinutioii north und south from the equator, which produces tides in tho atmosphero nnni,i„mw: tc those produced in the ocean; and thirdly, the perturbations produced o:. thlH rdnnet and Its atmosphere by .fb« aaUronomlcal i|K>sitlons of our fellow-planets. This hitter 1» very com plex, and for the subject of our Interview may be practically waived. ' "To speuk particularly with rcs|iect to the suit. It is now well known that thut subtle medium called the ether, by which wlrulesa telegraphy becomes possible. Is, In reality, the nll-pervnding ocean of electricity thu4. links together everything that Is In the vast abysses of the eternal heavens— called th Supra-Unlversc— und everything that Is In the profundities of tho Infra-Universe— -by whloh Is meant the atoms, molecules, germs, corpusctos, and electrons. In a word, every thing Is linked up by the ether, nnrl every thing- forms part nnd parcel of everything else; and It Is nil the same story from Ihe corpuscle to the mighty sun Canopus. And, as our sun, milliards of years ago, was hurled oft from a mass of disintegrating nebula, so was this earth cast off from the sun by it process analogous to the disintegration of tho radium atom about 900,000,000 years ago, as far as science can at present fix the period, and the mooii in its turn was hurled off the earth. Our fellow-planuts, also, wcro hurtled into space from the solar orb At different pe riods in tho history of our solar system. WIRELESS TO THE SUN. "Roaring In inlnd. thon, what has alrendy been said, It will at onco be conceded thut tho eurth and the sun arc in harmony, or linked up by 'wlrclcsn,' through 93 millions of miles. And tho.v as tho groat hydrogen flames leapt from the sun's photosphere to ti height even exceeding 334,000 miles, and as the grout storms, calk".', sun spots, break out, aomn haying diameters of from 30.000 to 60, Wo miles, hurl off vibrations or pulsations to the very ether Itself which are analogous to- Marconi tyave. Such may also be likened— to jfive a popular Idea— to the wave's formed in water when a stone is thrown In. Under tho Titanic ctheric waves hurled off by the nun this earth throbs und pulsates exactly as a telegraph wire under tho hand of lh>t operator. Vibrations with rcepoct tp this planet act in much the same way as u con troller ucts to nn engine, at the one time 'drawing the strings'— to use nn expression —and at another letting them loose. They are therefore Immediately responsible for the volcanic emotions, the earthquakes, tidal waves, and hurricanes, and not only dlsnincc All aurorac. hut also, und vory especially, for abnormalities In seasons— as droughts, famines, floods, and good passages; Iio pre valence or otherwiso of certain diseases also come' under the samo Influence." ' SQIjAR VIBRATIONS AND SEASONS. "What hos led you to concludo that the solar vibrations affect the seasons?" "Well, I have been u . student of solar physics for about 35 years, und cluim to havo proved that when the sun is at his maximum onergy the rainfall In the southern hemi sphere Is over the average, und that when the sun is under the minimum Influence bad seasons prevail In tho southern honilsphcrc, and purtlculurly In Australia, which, by its peculiar geographical position, la particularly susceptible to solar influence.' The very opposite provalls In the northern hemisphern, and tho two hemisphere; respond in opposite ways to the sun's conditions, exactly as we huvo opposite circulation of tho winds around the cyclones and unti-cyclones In the northern and southern hemispheres respec tively. During the maximum of the sun, moreover, earthquakes and volcanic action, with "drought, arc particularly marked In the northern hemisphere, while tho southern hemisphere ts then more or less In a state of seismic rest, with good seasons. When thu minimum of the sun comes on, or Is evolving —for It is a cradunl process — then earth quakes nnd volcanic action begin to fall oft In tho northern hemisphere, nnd the rainfall to go up, while earthquakes and seismic action become more marked In tho- southern hemisphere. It is only necessary to go hack Into recent history. Tho crest of the solar maximum occurred In 1903. nnd since then, to 1909, the maximum has been graudnlly fall ing off by a series of minor crests. But yet In thn flpeTAMln tho mntlmiim rotrind h»& been Abnormally prolonged, evidently owing to a dork sun or other cosmic body getting on our sun. TIIE BOOM IN EARTHQUAKES. "Cast your minds hack Into recent history, and this hypothesis will he found to hnvo been fulfilled to the letter. Remember the earthquake of Arrll. 1903. in India, when the sun was nt the height of Its. energy; the sub- seque.pt eArthqinkcs In Japan nnd Formosa; the dlsastroua Italian earth&lt;y.iake of a few years ago. when Vesuvius was In full erup tion: the San Franciscan and West Indian earthquakes, and others, including those In tho south of France nnd in Mexico. And be it said that on every occasion cited great upheavuts wcro taking place In the sun. During the maximum period, moreover, re membering what I have said, a terrible drought prevailed in Rpnln nnd in other parts of Europe, especially in south-eastern Russia, j where, uh tin cablegrams told us. parents were forced to Hull their very offurrins for bread: then there were tho Munehurlnu droughts, &c., an-, nil the while Australia, don't forget, was enjoying good seasons. As the eun'a condition hue sine been approach, ing the minimum trough, whut do wo find? Wo find the conditions becoming exactly re versed. namely, floods In Huln. floods in Paris, In Italy, nnd Central Europe; flood In England; the great floods in JapUn, Involv ing millions of pounds duniugc, and tho cloudbursts in America— and particularly the Yosemlte Valley. Meantime, the Incoming &lt; Influenco of the solar minimum Is now af- 1 fueling Australasia, where, already, m cer- tuin purls, us, tor Instance, Gippoiund, the Otugo goldfields In Now Zealuna. and else where. ihu rainfall bus fulien under thu uvnr- ' ugo, und earthquuitc action has gone up, us Is evidenced by the rccordu of the aoisinograpba : at the Sydney, Meloourne. and Forth Ubscr- j vuturlfs." I "Whun your original forecast of a coming rainfall deficiency was given u lew yeuru ago, j I think yuu mentioned thut 191U would be u 1 bad yeur?" "Yus, I did, and I predicted the .worst would be about 1912,, but (hen 1 was not aware of the extraneous cosmic influence thut acted to prolong abnormally the maximum mood uf the sun. And thus 1 huvo to add on two years at teasi, una maac me arougm. or yndcr-tho-uvcrage, period botwoen or dur ing the closing part of 19DJ und the und uf 1916. LOCKING THE RIVERS. "You will understand thut thto Is u big subject, and ono most absorbingly interesting to all Australians, und It Is difficult to do full justice to II in un ordinary newspaper inter view. If a country would succeed, It can only be by Its people bringing themselves Into harmony with cosmic law, which alone en ables a nation to muster its fate und fulfil Us destiny. Therefore, und speaking from the scientific and logical point uf view, I argue that It will be more stutesmunllko und rational for the Federal Government to siKjnd the money Intended for Yuss-Cun- berra on plucklly taking the conditions In hund with a masterly grip, and locking tho rlvors, such us'tho Murray and Its tributaries, the Maranoa, the Warrcgo, and tho Darling, und others, and conserve water. With this the country could be Irrigated, and the wilderness made to smite like Eden. Thu climutu could thus be modified, neutralis ing on the one hund the effects of the hot, burning wind, and on the; other modifying to un extent the cold busters from the south. "With a rational and national scheme of water conservation and inland irrigation the desert wastes of Australia might be redeemed and made as fertile as thoee of the valley ol Utah, which I personally know. Such would be true statesmanship, and the Federal capit al inlght well bo held over In tho meantime. First, what Is wanted in Australia Is popu- largc sca!c under the conditions ul present prevailing Inland. They must be made agree able to the conditions of the progressive set tler's life." THE COMING SHORTAGE. "Do you think, Mr. Wragge, that the de ficiency In rainfall which you predict be tween 1910 and 1916 will be as severe as tho 1901-2 drought?" "No, as tar aa can be eccn. It will not, be cause the sccund factor.numely.the astronomi cal position of the moon Is ojierntlng against thu incoming minimum inoud «C tho suN. Thu swing of lunar declination has increased, und is Increasing. Thttu the vibrutlonu of the atmosphere, particularly over oceanic areus, will be lifted in the form of tides to tho up per regions, thero to bo condensed Into a certain amount of rain by tho cold, high- pressure systems, disregarding the difference of pressure due to difference In height. It will thus be understood thut thu moon is not ing against the sun. But tho sun hus tho first say lu the matter. Therefore, thero will be the deficiency In rainfall within or 'during tho years I have already stated, Q.E.D. "Let farmers and pustornllsts then, be wise, und follow my advice. Thero la no need for alarm. Let their prayer be:— 'Great Arciw- tect of tho Universe, give tno wisdom; let iu&lt;: dam. and conserve the waters and fodder.' "Such," said the fortune-teller uf the ele ments, concluding, "is true logic, and 1 can say no more."  Twinklings Easter holidays. W anner weather. Lead, £15 17/6 per ton. Silver, 2/2 15-16 per ounce. King of Greece assassinated. Federal elections fixed for May 3P Big strike of cooks in London hotels. Another notorious French bandit cap tured. Great damage done by a hurricane in Fiji. Taxicab strike in London over. Men victorious. An avalanche in Norway caused 15 f at all 11 e s. Queensland Governor outspoken on Home Rule. Three miners killed at North .Aline, Broken Hill. Terrific snowstorms in Norway. Trains snowed up. Remarkable frauds on Customs dis covered in Alclbourne. Italian Government has ordered four powerful Dreadnoughts. Tlie Alarrabel Catholic picnic will be held on Easter Alonday. Air. Wragge promises us a rough Easter with Agamemnon. Terrific storms and cyclones in Am erica. Thirteen fata lilies. Town of Provencal destroyed by a cyclone in New York State. Valuable research work accomplished by Scott Antarctic expedition. In man and Reece playing for the world's billiard championship. Bulgarians and Greeks report fur ther successes over the Turks. Tin—Spot, £208 to £208 10/; at three months, £205 to £205 10/. An early Easter has again raised the question of reform of the calendar. Address-in-reply to King's Speech agreed to in the House of Commons. Copper.—Spot, £64 7/6 to £64 12/6; at three months, £65 2/6 to £65 7/6. Friedman's serum for the cure of consumption highly spoken of in Am erica. A committee of the British Cabinet is considering reform of the House of Lords. Trouble in a military camp at Liver pool, N.S.AV., through objections to a staff officer. Suffragettes meeting in livde Park, London, on Sunday, roughly broken up by crowd. Serious disturbances at- Toledo, in Spain. Civil Guard called out to re store order. The stranded French ship General do Sonis at Victoria Bay has lost all her grain cargo. Tariff reformers indignant at tiie dropping of food duties hv the Eng lish Unionists. Another old and valued State school teacher. Air. Alex Clark, died on Si day afternoon V ice-Admiral Sir Percy Scott says the British navy was never more effi cient than at present. The German Government has dis claimed the violent campaign against France hi the press. Federal trawler obliged to put back to Port Adelaide owing to a fracture of the steampipe. Further obstruction to Naval Bill and constant scenes in the Canadian House of Commons. Bulgarian and Greek troops still quarrelling at Negrita. Bulgarians bombarded by Greeks. Centenary of the birth of Living stone, the great African explorer, cel ebrated on Wednesday. Afr. Churchill's memorandum on the navy warmly discussed in the debate on the Canadian Naval Bill. St. Patrick's Day celebration highly successful. Eloquence, enthusiasm, and enjoyment strongly in evidence. Paris police instructed to arrest peo ple copying fashion designs in shop windows for reproduction abroad. The Anglican Bishop of London claims to have wrought a miracle on a girl of 15 by anointing and prayer. The Autumn Meeting of the 8.A. Tattersall's Racing Club will be held at Morphettville on Saturday, Alarch 29. Captain Jones acquitted on the charge^ of manslaughter arising out of the Wonga Shoal lighthouse catastro phe. Canadian Government reported to be preparing for another general election, to secure approval of their naval pro posals. The Powers have rejected the terms of peace submitted by the Balkan al dies, and proposed new moderate terms. The British naval estimates for the fiscal year total £46,309,300. Five new battleships and eight light cruis ers to be built. In the opinion of the Field Marshal Lord Roberts, the Territorials would be food for shrapnel," if led against European forces. The annual retreat for ladies opens at Cabra Convent on Tuesday next. It will be conducted by one of the Dom inican Fathers. The Rer. W. H. Winter (Anglican) has written another long letter to the '1 Register " trying to prove that St. Patrick was not what be terms " a Ro man Catholic." Perhaps he thinks he was an Anglican Catholic! Exciting scene at meeting of Chris tian Socialists in Paris. Melee between Hayalist students and socialists, result ing in 50 being injured. The Duke of Sutherland lias sold a Canadian 50,000 acres in Sutherland shire, and intends to purchase large tracts in Canada in its place. In the British "War Office estimates for 1913-14 provision is made for the expenditure of £28.222,000, including £2.815,000 on the Territorials. The High Court has decided that payments of Commonwealth land tax can be deducted from the taxable in come in calculating State income tax. Prior to the St. Patrick's Day din ner at the Hotel Cecil, London, the cooks " downed dishes " and demanded holidays. Their request was granted. Bint in Paris on Sunday in connec tion with a Syndicalist-Socialist demon stration against the recently-institut ed three years' term of military ser vice. Another wreck at Port \ ictoria, the "ketch Albatross being smashed on the reef during last week's gale. The cap tain and crew were rescued by a motor boat. Speaking mi reform of the Lords, the Postmaster-General (Mr. Samuel) said the new Second Chamber would contain not a vestige of the hereditary principle. The first consignment of marble for the new Catholic church to he erected in Strathalbvn recentlv left the qtiarrv at M aeelesfiekl. Its quality is stated to ho excellent. Mr. Joseph Chamberlain has present ed to the Tariff Reform League the sum of £5,714, which was recently subscribed as a birthday gift to iiiin by his admirers. A picnic party in a drag was cross ing the railway line near Brighton. Melbou rue, on Saturday night, when a train.rushed into it. One man was cut to pieces and another seriously in jured. The others had a narrow es cape. The " Register's " first leading arti cle on Saturday last was on "Ireland and St. Patrick." It was higlilv praised by Rather O'Meehan, of Gal wyy, in his speech at the F.I.L. social. The name of Bro. M. J. McAuley. who represented St. Mary's branch. Georgetown, was omitted from the li--' of delegates to the H.A.C.B.S Annual District Meeting in last week's " Southern Cross" The President of the Board of Edu cation has announced that the Govern ment will introduce a new Education Bill into the House of Commons within a few weeks. Mr. P. J. Hincs, an ex-student of , the Christian Bros. College, completed his first year in medicine at the recent supplementary exams, for the degree of M.B. and B.S. Strike in the Southern collieries, X.S.W., over the Public Service Board's refusal to appoint a dismissed miner to the post of industrial inspector, as promised by the Minister of Labor. Mr. Walter Long's amendment to Lie Address-in-reply against proceed ing with Home Rule and Church Dis establishment in Wales while the "House of Lords is unreformed was re jected by 262 to 169. The correspondence between Mr. AVinston Churchill and the Canadian Premier concerning naval policy ha^ been published. The Opposition resent what they term Mr. Churchill's inter ference in domestic politics. A cable message state that His Hol iness the Pope has decreed a universal jubilee from Low Sunday to December 8 in commemoration of the 16th cen tenary of the Emperor Constantino granting peace to the church. A serious distant earthquake occur red on Friday evening last. From in formation supplied by Fatliei* Pigot, of Riverviev College Observatory, it is believed that the earthquake took place in the direction of the Philippine Is lands. English observers place it in vicinity of the Sunda Islands, between North Australia and the Malayan Pen insula.  Cairns Chamber of Commerce. Monthly Meeting A Northern Meteorological Station. Some Interesting Correspondence. Health Matters in Innisfail District The monthly meeting of the Cairns Chamber of Commerce was held on Friday afternoon. Mr. T. H. Donald son presided, and there were also present Messrs. R. Sturt, H. Wilson, R. T. McManus, A. J. Draper, J. Smithers, and the secretary (Mr. E. S. Mann). The following matters were dealt with in the inward correspondence : From the Einasleigh Shire Coun- cil, enclosing a letter sent to the Postal Inspector, asking for an al- teration in the mail service to and from Cairns. The present service, it was pointed out, was unsatisfactory, as all stations west of Alma Den got practically only one mail a week each way. It was decided to refer the letter to the executive for reply, The 'Chillagoe ? Railway-" Traffic Man ? ager f wired : "Re. ; charge. Dimbulah, 'we Have made ño charge for re-book i lng at Dimbulah. I understand tho charge is made by some agent there. We only propose to charge for extra handling." .The following further wiro was also received : "If tho business people doing business with Mount Mulligan open ledger accounts at Dimbulah for the Mount Mulligan railway freights, thero need bo no agency charges. We will simply re- book in the usual way.4 From the secretary. Townsville Chamber of Commerce, enclosing a letter from Dr. Nisbet on the subject of a meteorological bureau for North Queensland. The letter read as follows : "Melbourne, April 21. The secretary. Townsville Chamber of Commerce,-Your letter of the 9th instant on this subject reached me on my arrival in Melbourne on Fri- day, April 17th, and as my stay was likely to be short, I did not delay in getting to write on the mat- ter.' I saw the Under Secretary for Home -Äflairs at 4 p.m.. and discuss ed it witt him. The Minister (Mr, (Kelly) had left for Sydney that afternoon, and was not returning un- til Monday. The Under Secretary could oller no opioion beyond that the Department had done all that was possible, and he suggested that it would be well to interview Mr. .Hunt, in order to come to some ar- rangement. . Although Mr. Hunt's views were well known, I did not .thin"; it wiso to object to this sug- gestion, and thc appointment was made for 10.30 the following Satur- day morning. I found Mr. Hunt still obstinately opposed to any modification , o^. tho existing arrange- ments of weather bureaus. He main- tained that. everything possible waa being done,.'and the Brisbane " office" had full instructions to issue inde- pendent weather warnings as fre- quently as was thought necessary, in times of urgency, and that was all that was required. No argument 1 could use would obtain any further conciliatory proposal from Mr Hunt, and after an interview lasting close upon two hours, I stated my inten- tion to bring the matter directly un- idor thc notice of the Minster for Affairs. With regard to employing Mr. Clement Wragge to issue inde- pendent weather forecasts during the cyclone season, Mr. Hunt stated ho would welcome such action on the part of the northern residents as cal- culated to ' show how unnecessary such a station waB, arid how . we would get no more practical infor- mation or warnings than we were getting at present. This, I thin'*, is seriously open to_ doubt. On Mon- day, 20th, I was able to crran<-e an interview with the Honorary Minis- ter. (Mr.! Kelly), who hos. charge of the Department of Home Affairs, for 3.15 p.m.. In order to support tho eise, I asked Senator Givens and tho Hon. F. Bamford to accompany me, which they willingly did. Mr. -Hunt was present Rt the rosiest of the Department. Senator Givens! intro ducsd the deputation, and took the opportunity to point out tho desira- bility of a wireless station being es tabli.=lud at Cairns and Mackay, .to con\ ey information in case of thc land lines failing. "Shis was really forcicn to the subject, but tho Minis- ter accepted it as a meajns of com- bating the argument re failure to telegraphic communication. I ad vanred every reason possible why tho Northern weather station was necessary, but aftsr an interview lasting three-quarters of an hour, could only obtain a promise from the Minister that the matter would receive serious consideration, and tho establishment of wireless stations at Cairns and Mackay would be strong- ly recommended to facilitate the transmission of observations and the issuing of forecasts along the Queensland coast. I was asked by Mr. Hunt to point out that his de- partment had fully the interests of North Queensland in mind, and to give the present system a trial to sej how far his office was meeting the necessities of the case. There is no doubt that the department is being entirely guided by Mr. Hunt in this controversy, and I see no hope of any further concessions being made ,in that direction. Until this agitation began there is no doubt the Federal Meteorological Bureau existed chiefly for, the southern, traveller and pns toralisl, and îtorth.- Queensland was «lniost'.'ovarloofcëd.'-. This campaign hos improved matters somewhat, nnd some points have been gained which were at first refused,' which shows that continued agitation may gain further advantages. I would sug- gest that if Mr. Clement IVragge is in the neighbourhood, he might be in- vited to meet tho Chamber of Com- merce or others interested, and dis- cuss the matter from a technical point, of view, for it is with scien- tific points now that we aro opposed bv Mr. Hunt, who uses arguments whirh obviously cannot bo contradic- ted oy the casual observer. A sug gestion has been made to me tha a consensus of opinion of the cap tains and pilots trading with th Queensland coast would bo val «able as to the desirability o exhibiting sform warnings at al important stations and lighthouses in case of dangerous weather condi tiens threatening. I would be ob liged if you would send a copy o this letter to the Cairns Chambei of Commerce, as I would like then to know that my eHorfs have no1 been directed to forwarding the in- terests of Townsville alone, but thc whole North Queensland eoast_ .Yours faithfully, ,\V, B. XISBET. The President said thav Mr. Car. ter, manager for Dalgety and Co., would move at the conference of Local Authorities to be held in Perth this month the following resolution : "That the Chambers of Commerce and Northern public being most con- cerned jn the cstablichment of a meteorological bureau /in North Queensland, with a view, to safe- guarding the public and shipping at sea ns well as in port during tïïo cy- clonic season of tho year by furnish- ing timely'* warnings (cyclones In the north ol Quocnslaiid being of-ann«,,! occurrence) the matter be urged upon the Minister for Home Affairs .-as of vital importance, and requiring the earliest attention, so that effect may be given thereto in Becember in an- ticipation of the season 1915." Mr. McManus moved that a letter of than' s be sent to Br. Nesbit and the Townsville Chamber of Com- merce, and that Mr. Carter be asked to represent thc Cairns Chamber of Commerce at the general conference to be held at Perth. The motion wac carried. Regarding the formation of com- mittees to deal with various matters affecting-the Chamber, between tho meetings, it was decided to ask the executive to furnish a report at the n-xt meeting. Mr. Sturt said ¡IP had recently visi t d thc Johnstone River district. There wns a disenso going about there eagled Sprue. His idra wa? to write to the Tropical Institute at Townsville, and ask if this was re I ceiving proner attention. He assured jjhem thüt the1 number of people i who had died ir0nv this disease, and the number who had suffered from it, would paralyse his hearers. In a i letter 1o the press some time ago, Dr. T.vrie had asked if those ir charge of the Institute of Tropical Diseases had ever given any advice .i the public or- doctors on various matters, and lhere was no answer, It would be interesting to know what the Institute were doing in this matter. He moved "That the sec- retary write to tho Institute oi Tropical Diseases at Townsville, and also the Townsville Chamber of Com- merce, regarding the possible spread of Sprue in the North, it being re- ported that it was somewhat com- mon in the Innisfail district, also suggesting that circulars be sent to various bodies dealing with the cause, treatment, and cure of this disease." Mr. Sturt added that he had been asked by some of tho In- nisfail residents to bring this matter before the Cairns Chamber of Com- merce, and felt he should do so. Mr. A. J. Draper seconded the motion, which was cArried. Tn response to a letter from the North American Manufacturers' Ex- port Association, it was decide-.' that the Chamber become an honor- ary member of that Association. This concluded the business. For Children's Hacking Cough at Night, Woods' Great. Pepperer! int Cure, 1/6  .?.??????????????????????????????????. Speaking at the Chamber of Com merce at Toowoomba the other day, Mr. 11. Sinclair advocated a plan which he considered would do away witli the present ridiculous position in the Commonwealth Senate, and would tend to make the Senate less a party body and more a revising Cliainber. His idea is that the Senate should be elected by the State Parliaments, and that the majority should only bo allowed to elect two-thirds, and the minority would have its one-third. It was v business question, declared Mr. Sinclair, and it was a purely non-party &lt;juestion. The electorates weru so enormous that it was absolutely impossible for the candidates to get over the whole of the ground, but if they were elected by the State Parliaments, the State Parliaments would naturally call upon the member for each particular electorate, whose duty it would be to provide them with all local knowledge. "?O"* After his return to Sydney a few days ago liarl Grey said he confessed he stood, hat in hand, before the energy and enterprise of a people who, with little more lhau hall the j population of London, have been nble to accomplish what it has done in Australia. The undeveloped wealth of Australia was to liiin a profound revelation, lie had no idea the people had s.uch a beautiful country. lie quite agreed that the future of Australia rested not so much on the starched collar as the open shirt This means, of course, that it is the man who goes out into the country and develops tin- variety of wealth waiting to be garnered in the rural districts-and which the people outside Australia have no idea of, nor Win habitual dwellers iu the cities either-to which Australi i must knk for advancement, and not to those visa hang about the big towns wearing " starched collars"-two words that bave such a world of meaning ! Karl Grey gave a warning that unless good use was made of the land, a stronger people, who can make better use of it, will come and take it from us. -o In a paragraph ia this column re cently it was hinted as a bit of fun that the New'South Wales Government preferred to raise the railway rates instead of taxing motor cars and petrol, because perhaps too many members owned or wore inter»sted in motor cars. It is now stated that the Government owns 46 new motor cars which are intended for personal use, so what was merely meant as a joke, has a substantial foundation after all. All the same this scribe lays no claim to possessing the gift of second sight. -o The Hon. Joseph Cook was re cently visit.ng Son. Constable Uain, of Cowra, and no douut they had a great confabulation quite outside politics, as they have been close friends for 39 years (says a local paper), and for a long time worked together in the Lithgow mines. There must be something in mining, quite outside being the bloated proprietor of a healthy gold mine, which leads to high posi tions in the land, for Mr. Andy Fisher, who was Prime Minister before the Hon Joseph Cook, had worked in a mine also. It is added that when the present Prime Minister left the mines to try for a seat in Parliament he handed his mining" tools to Mr. Bain, on the under standing that they would work again together as mates if it happened that his services as a member were declined. " He went into Par liament and lie's thero yet," sail Mr. liain, proudly. There could not have beeu much talk about politics during the two hours the old mates spent together, as it is said most of the conversation began with the words : " Do you remember ." People who hate fresh air atid the free and open spaces of the country, crowd into the cities and herd together in surround ings which would drive n tesideut of the couutry to commit suicide iu a day or two or kill liiin in a week. But the city dwellers are only " enjoying"' what they prefer to, although press, public (who are better off), and pulpit are constantly referring to grasping landlords and the menace to health. This is what some families put up with in the city of the beauti ful harbor There is a house in Surrev Hills concaining seven rooms. In one is living a man and his wife and a 18-year-old daughter ; another room sheltered a married couple and five children ; in another a married couple and two children ; and in still another a man and liis wife and five children. The other two rooms are also occupied. Another house of Jive rooms sheltered fourteen adults and sevtn children. It i6 declared that with such a state of affairs existing it must mean moral degrada tion and physical deterioration, which one could easily believe; ani yet the country is crving out for occupation, and the land for settlement. Evidently it ia hopeless to expect slum dwellers to ever be convinced of the beauties of living in the country, else they would be only too glad to get cut of their miserable surroundings-apparently triUerablc, that is, to anybody elso but themselves. -o-. The president of the Toowootnba Chamber of Commerce is apparently not a ladies' man. While that body was seeking a wav to try and induce the Railway Depart ment to modify the charge for platform tickets so far as business people wero concerned, as they did considerable business with the rail ways, the president said the platform charge had been introduced largely to prevent gaping females from going on to the platform to meet the trains. It was not meant to hamper busi ness men.-There is no doubt the girls and voung women like to flock to the railway stations when important trains are due or going out, hut it is unusual to refer to this in the unkind way adopted by the Toowoomba gentleman : it i.&lt; more usual for a man in a hurry to say something under Jus breath when dodging about among the petticoats, and at the same timo keeping a wary eye open for protruding hatpins. The recent cyclone which passed over the Barling Downs knocked the roads about so badly that the Shire Councils are almost in despair as to where funds are to come from to effect necessary repairs. The Glengallan Shire has been particularly un fortunate, and one Councillor said at a recent meeting that if all the availablo revenue for the present vear was spent on the work that is required in No. 2 division, it would bo barely sufficient to meet the demands, and even then . the work would not be of a permanent character. One Councillor thereupon made the unusual admission that he believed lie was under-rated, and expressed himself as willing to pay more rates, as lio considered the i amount of work necessary in the district where be lived warranted his paying moro iu the matter of rating. It Is certainly very un common for a ratepayer to make such an offer; ina wore usual to growl at the amount, how ever small, but when it is raised a little-my word ! you should hear 'em then ! -o The Tasmaniau member of Parlia ment who was a nominal supporter of the Government, jvt caused its defeat on a ques tion relating "to potatoes, lias been gettiog a bad time at the hands of some of the Liberal newspapers for daring to put potatoes betore party ; but it is pointed out by gome who are not so hot-headed, that to the landholders of the north-west coast of Tasmania the potato is incomparably more important than any party. There is much pood money being made out of waste materials, so-called, when properly handled, and in sufficient quantity, 'fin; revenue last year from the Bradford (Eng land) Corporation grease factory, for instance, amounted to over £48.00,0. This sum repre sents what other people have thrown away, for the grease is extracted from waste products ot the wool industry. When the crude wool is washed at llradford some of its oat ira! fat is washed into the sewers. By collecting the " sludge" and extracting the fatty substance tli-' city is a tile to dispose of about 120 tons of Crease" per week -This item not only shows the gigantic size ol the Bradford wool industry when 120 tons of gtease per week is obtained from the " waste,"' but should give a wrinkle to our wonlsrours, which might consider whether it would he worth while to try and save the grease in these establishments. ?1 -0 One of the immigrants who re cently arrived in Sydney from England thinks the immigration boom "from Great Britain to Australia and New Zealand will go on lor years. Australia looms larger in England lately than any other 13ritisl> colony overseas. The liritish are tired of Canada ; there is no room for them in the I'nited States; they are not wanted in South Africa: and such good reports had been coining through from the Common wealth that that is the place tliey are now looking to. -o If anyone warns work Archbishop Kelly's advice is to pray to God for it, and He will send it; but no man has a right to say to another, "Give ine work."' Hut a man must make his work profitable to his employer. A man who would not give a fair day's wages for a fair day's work will stand in lawful judgment before God, ami a man wiio will not give a fair day's work for a fair 'lay's wages will alsn have to stain! lu-fore God in judgment.-It will he news t.i many that the Almighty taken an interest ju the labor problems of the day, and that thBfc> employers and employees who do not do the fair tiling will hear about it in the hereafter-some might even want to know how the enterprising Archbishop knows. -o According to the Federal Attorney Grneral (Mr. H'. |l. Irvine) preference to unionists was passed at the point ol the Labor bayonet. It constituted one of the worst blots on the Statute Hook of Australia. T/i!> law should not be able to say to any man that he should not hare a right to earn his bread. Was it not time that tiie veil of hyp-icri'-y was rent asunder with regard to the cry "Other things being eijual" in the preference to union ists principle. -o The cabicman recently sent out a mis.-iiug wnri puzzle. !n a certain new plav, it is stated, a great Australian adjective is iii rroduced and has to be spoken by the leading lady. With two exceptions the newspapers could no' screw up enough courage to put the word in type, but fell back upon the good old dash or asterisks. The censor did not prohibit the use of the word, and while some critics considered the application of the word was defensible, others were shocked at the author's alleged had taste. The audience themselves were so tabeu by surprise that they laughed uproariously when the word was first used, but its repetition was received almost in deadly silence. What; is the missing word-the "great Australian adjective ?" Can it be the word that rhymes with ruddy ? No hint is given by the cableman, -o Sir. Clement Wragge is not dis mayed or discouraged by all that has been said about the. absurdity of anyone claiming to bo able to forecast the weather for weeks ahead, let alone yeara, and comes up smiling with a forecast up to 1993. During 1914-15 tilings will be improving ; good seasons during 1917 20: a fal!ing-off in 1921-22; bad droughts in 1923-24; improving again in 1925-26; good seasons in 1927-30. Mr. Wragge adds that wo must be prepared for the bad srasons. A Government is wanttd strong enough to grap ple with the all-important problem of water conservation. Australia wants fewer laws, less politicians, and tower statesmen. ISy the conservation of water only can this great con tinent be saved from the ravages of drought. This last remark is not very complimentary to the Commonwealth electrician who claims to bo able to make it rain whenever he wants it i to, and by means of electricity, not by bom barding the sky with guns like Mr. Wraggo was experimenting with at one time-believe it was >lr. Wragge, but am not sure. It would not be ranch ubo quoting froin mining reports for this column, but it is always interesting in make extracts from the wool reports periodically issued by tho liig lirms which handle this commodity, which, after all. is much more valuable than anything obtained by mining, tioldsbrough, Mort re cord with much feeling of satisfaction that 1913 was another successful year which will add something like £32,C00,000 to Australia's wealth, all obtained from wool. Tho meat ex ports have also increased substantial^-, and compared with 1912 the exports of mutton and lainb show increases of almost 70 percent, and 31 per cent, respectively. Tho growth of thU trade means that such a large proportion of the sheep will bo wanted for the freezer that any increase in wool production can hanb'y be looked lor. Favorable seasons ha->e served to increase the figures, but the dry years, to which Australia is subject, will surely make inroads on quantities. Raring the season just ended the market has been buttressed mainly by the Continental section, Franco particularly having bought freely and continuously thinugh uut, while American purchases have been much augmented, -o A horBe breeder who races his own stock writes to the Toowoomba "Chronicle" complaining about the way race meetings are conducted in those parts, sod signs his name to his letter also. At the Christmas meeting liis horse. Don't Care, started in the Christmas Handicap, and the betting being out of reason about that horse the attention of the stewards Was drawn to it. After the race was run ttia rider was remonstrated with, when lie said, " Be will roinp home, to-morrow," which he did with the greatest case. The horse was entered for the Farewell on the same day, and when the owner of another horse sought to square matters with the owner of Don't Care and was met with a point blank refusal other means were used and Don't Care had no pos sible chance of winning unless the reins had broken. At Oakey a certain racing man went to the writer in reference to the Oakey Handi cap, and not being content with what he was told went to the rider and asked him to " stop" Dou'c Care, but the rider wasn't taking any and Don't Care won. Tile owner wanted action taken to keep 6uch " scoundrels" off the racecourses, as racing was becoming so de graded that all respectable racing men would have to stand clear. The letter concludes: .' No wonder the attendances at rac&lt;? meetings were falling off, as the public are not going to patronise races simply to bo " rooked" by such scoundrels as mentioned " -o They aeem to be enjoying more seasonable weather on the Darling Downs than we have been in these parts, and there is ap parently no occasion to think that the manager of the weather department had made a mistake and was thinking April was December, like we have been compelled to do. A Warwick paper mentions that three weeks after a big hailstorm had occurrcd nt a place called Mouatside hail stones were still to bo Been lying about. If this storm had happened in Karcaldine, say, a couple of hours would probably see the stones melud even it they were aa large as the pro verbial egg#-not "pigeon's though, but enju eggs. -o Although a good mauy people dwell ing in the cities become sentimental over the emu and the kangaroo and consider both should be piotected as valuable Australian assets, the pistoralist thinks differently, and small blame to him. U he has to pay rent for his country he would rather sheen used the grass than kan carons and emus. On the Darling Kiver, in N.S.W., ic is said the emus are swarming over large areas of country and doing a lot of dam age to t!ie green grass, while the kangaroos are breeding up very last and are promising to be come a serious pest. The kangaroos are pro tected ail the year round, and the emus are also protected, so an agitation is being renewed to have both protections removed. It is esti mated that same of the stations would carry thousands more sheep if there were no cinus. --o There are ways nf being slowly tortured to death in civilised countries, and without adopting any of the horrid schemes of red luuians or Chinese. It was reported from New Zealand the other day that a man who had been bathing in the surf at Tauranga, was carried out to sea by the current, but nu» ceeded in reaching a small island. When thu| report leit he had already been there 30 hours, stark naked, without feort, and in a bitterly cold wind, and it was not expected he could survive much longer. Attempts were made with a powerful launch to rescue him, but the sea was so rniiL'l: it was impossible to get any where near. 1'aney over thirty hours of such an experience, to say nothing of the hopes raised in the hreast of the unfortunate inan when the launch approached. and the succeed ing despair when the boat lailed to reach him. When tbo Home Secretary was in Adelaide and wanted to know the situation of t Inclines oi the Secretary of Agriculture and lri^ntion, he remembered the advice to " ask a policeman but to his surprise, although lie asked a sergeant and a constable, neither could inform yet the offices turned out to be only 200 yards away, Ic is said that Mr, Appel immediately determined there should be no eucli ignorance shown by tho Uri&baoe police, and the Commissioner was to have the men on duty in the metropolis instructed as to the location of public offices, &c. --o While tbe Hon. J. G. Appel (Home Secretary) was peregrinating about down south, and propelling his burly form into the various public offices belong to the other fellow, he paid much attention to the condition and rates of pay of the police farces in the various States. He was convinced that the Queensland men were better off than those in Soutli Australia and Victoria. Id Victoria the police supplied their own uniforms, did not receive any pension, and had to insure them selves-men joining since 1932 having to insure their lives for .£200. l"he police are brtter off in New South Wales than they are in Victoria, and the Commissioner of Police in Victoria is trying to have the conditions of the service brought up to tho level of the Northern States. -o Nothing seems to work out right in the pastoral industry, except the prices of wool md stock-the pests are particularly in dicated. Owiug to drought the number of rabbits had Hwn considerably reduced about Wilcannis. This would seem to show that the drought was a blessing in disguise, or an unmixed blessing; but it really appeared to be a mixed sort of blessing, as rabbite being scarcer the foxes, described as plentiful, were expected to %&lt;i for the early lambs, and the dingoes also, if they could not make a square meal out of rabbits, would certainly give un welcome attention to the lambs. -o It ecems that a hotel keeper is Dot allowed to have an interest in more than one license-in New South Wales, anyhow. The Licensing Court at Sydney was tho other day dealing with a case in which a Newtown hotel keeper was charged with also having a beneficial interest in a hotel in Sydney, cn every day between the lOtli and 23rd ol Janu ary. Although the defendant pleaded not guilty the Court, after considerable evidence had been taken on both aides, unanimously found that he was so, and fined him per day for the thirteen days (15 unlucky days ?) mentioned in the information. This totalled £65, while costs were £12 123. It is said to be unlucky to walk under a ladder ; it is also sometimes unlucky to go anywhere near one. While a lineman was Axing a telephone wire in the 6;iluhrri'is town of Murtrillumbah (suppose it is "salu brious." but the word is merely used to embellish the phrase), and usiug a ladder 50ft. in length, a couple of dogs had a fight.. and while struggling in the good old way ic is the nature of dogs to do on such excitable occa sion!), the ladder was knocked down. As nothing is Slid about anything serious happen ing to the man at the top. he probably held on to his wires; but in falling: the ladder struclr an old man on the head, and he was sufficiently injured to require the services of a Joctor. He evidently had a more tender skull than the negro failor who, when a big pulley block fell on his head from where some men were doing repairs at the top of a mast, merely glanced up aloft and called out, indignantly, " New then, who's that a' spittin' ?"  "BOMB? WEATHER FORECASTED. Mr. . Clement Wgg (eaya the "Auckland Weekly 'News") the following remarks on the weather: — 'Another upheaval in the nun, about -dz/HX) miles in diameter. Is approaching the centre of solar disc. Tp these ab normal conditions is . certainly attribut able the Chinese earthquake, and also earth - tremors In'New Zealand, and the Routls "African Roods. Winds on an awful scale, with gigantic tongues of hydrogen, dame around these color 1 storms in- exactly the aamo manner aa do the winds around the puny cyclones of earth, northern and southern hemis pheres respectively; and it mnit ever be.regiembered that theporth and.the suii are Inseparably linked together by the sll-peiTading wireless etheriewavea." Such affect not only our . atmosphere, but also industrial affairs and the,- Vag aries of. btunan nature at this critical time," .r  QUEENSLAND CYCLONE. DESTROYS A TOWNSHIP. MR. WRAGGE'S PREDICTION. The township of Balrindn, about 3. miles north of Cairns, In Queensland, was practically demolished on Sunday night by a cyclone. A Chinese 1 killed by the collapse of a building, and 17 persons were injured. Many people are destitute. In Auckland on February 3rd, Mr. Clement Wragge, the well known me teorologist, foretold the renewal of the cyclono. He said, "A close watch should ho kept on barometer. The di sastrous storms in Queensland, cou pled with the Hoods, are sufficient in dication of the general type ot weath er, and in various parts of the eastern half of Australia there may, and pro bably will, be a renewal of such bo fore 1st April, hence every precaution should be taken." The extraordinary conditions are mainly due to abnormalI solar Influence. % |  FROM VARIOUS SOUROES Running a country newspaper is not all sunshine. A rural editor gives the following hint:-"The fellow who can play billiards, smoke cigars, have six penny drinks, shout for others, trip it to Sydney, go to the races, etc., should not overlook the fact that he owes us a couple of quid." "D'yer see that there old cove com in' outer Jones' pub?" remarked the way-back leg-puller to a new arrival. "Well, 'e's the champeun boozer ov this locality. He's been drunk fur a quarter ov a century, an' if 'e wos ter wake up some mornin' an' find 'imself sober I do believe the shock would kill 'im. Twelve months ago 'e wos bitten by a tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too." 'Did the man die?" the new chum asked. "No," replied the bushman, "but the snake got blind paralytic drunk." Beauty is only skin deep, but curves is curves. "The Secret of Smart Dress," runs a headline, n a contemporary. Some of the costumes we have seen recently had nothing secret about them at all. "Johanna" tells this one in the "Bul letin"-An exalted military gentleman in Melbourne found himself beset by an untidy young woman of about 25 In a suburban street the other morn ing. "Yoa're---, ain't you? Well, Bill can't ;o to the war." "My good woman, I- " "I tell yeh straight Bill can't go to the war, an' 'e won't, so there. Bill's engaged t' me; then he goes and enlists t' fight the Ger mans. Well, he won't go, see. He's said he'll marry me, 'n' he ain't goin' t' get off so easy. I give you my word." Can't you picture Bill in a snow-filled trench, with a bullet in his neck, getting off easy? All men are, born free and equal, but the majority of them marry later on. Of troubles - connubial, jars and di vorce, This, we believe, is the fruitfullest source; A man falls in love with a dimple or curl, Then foolishly marries the entire girl. There was a man in our town And he was wondrous smalL He bought a big barometer And put it in the hall. And when the mercury went down Because of wind and rain, Ile climbed on the umbrella stand And shoved it up again. If everybody on earth spoke the truth and nothing but the truth for twenty-four hours, we should find our selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution the world has ever known. Last week (writes "Gossip," of the "Stock and Station Journal") I had two schoolboys staying with me, who were on their way from Bedale's School, in Petersfield Hants, to Scot land. I took them to all the things we had time for, including the "White City," and the play of "Grumpy," at the New Theatre. They had the time of their lives. We visited the Tower of London, and they saw the "Traitor's .Gate," the site of the scaffold where people used to be shortened, the idle soldiers, the ancient "Beefeaters," and all the armor and the guns and swords and crossbows, and weapons, of mur der. They were greatly interested, and when we came out I said. "Now, boys, what interested you most about the Tower? What is the strongest im pression that you bring away from the old place?" The bigger and older of the two (nearly 15) said:-"Well, my strongest impression, after seeing all the armor and the weapons of war is that the people of those times were fools." Before I had time to express my views, the younger one said. "Well, we're bigger fools now." "Amen," said I to .that, and then we talked! "Northerner" writes:-Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain whiah promises that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon timb any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placfd summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it.  THE DRY SEASON. ABUNDANT RAINS FOLLOW DROUGHT. Mr. Clement Wragge- has prophesied seven years of drought. Mr. H. A. Hunt, Commonwealth? Meterologist, is content with one -year. On Wednesday he was par ticularly emphatic in pointing out that the season following a drought, and partiuu larly a severe drought, has been marked by abundant rains. In support of this view he quoted the drought of 1888, wvhich was followed, by a very wet year. In Victoria, during. 1888, the average rainfall was 19.7 inches. In 1889 it was 32.71 inches. The 1902 average of 18.55 inches preceded 27.45 inches in 1'03. This was just as marked in New South Wales: Mr. Hunt's explanation of this was tihat when the interior of Australia was very dry the solar summer radiation became intense, causing an inflow of moist winds from the tropics. The serious condition of Victorian. crops was chiefly due to the failure of the winter rains in the last two years. Victoria relied on winter rains for subsoil water, and the failure of the spring rains had. left nothing in reserve. Vic toria, Mr. Hunt stated, had three distinct sources of rain-(1) southern storms, which also benefited South Australia and south ern Western Australia,. though their pre dominance. made Queensland and New South Wales suffer from lack of rain; (2) tropical depressions, whose predomi nance, as was ithe case this year benefited Queensland and north-eastern New South Wales, to the detriment of southern areas; (3) anti-cyclonic conditions, which benefited solely the eastern littoral of Australia. This season the southern storms have failed.  OFFICIAL WARNINGS. Without commenting upon the prediction of Air. Wragge in New Zealand that there would be a renewal of cyclonic disturbances in Queensland before 1st April, the officials of the Commonwealth Meteorological Ba reau point out that no prophetic instinct ^was necessary to render such a general prediction possible-. Far years past the publications of the bureau had shown, by maps and bulletins that the 'hurricane Eea: son for the north-east coast of Queensland extends from January to April, and that the rain and storm periods for practically all parts of the Commonwealth have been ascertained as the result of many years' experience and the collection of data by thousands of observers. Forecasts in vague general terms were of little yalue to liari ners and the mercantil ccommunity. What the people of North Queensland and the traders and mariners needed were specific warnings. The bureau used every effort to supply these, together wiiii implicit in structions to whipping. Four days' notice had 'been given of the Mac-kay storm, and a warning concerning the cyclone reported in Tuesday's 'Age' Iliad been issued on Friday ln.-t. This latter warning also had been supplemented by detailed instructions on Sunday. ?  STOCK STATION CHAKFION OFFICE Friday, 4 p.m. Dhoughty conditions prevail, and without being pessimistic appearances indicate a dry time ahead. Mr. Clement Wragge, who some years ago was Queensland's weather prophet, and was untimely retrenched, adheres to his prognostication o! some years ago with a modi fication, and in another column we copy from Sydney " 8un" his wanting to pastoralists and -all others interested to conserve water, in view of a dry time ahead. He does not forecast anything like the 1902-5 drought, neither is he .an alarmist, but he gives a "little friendly ad vice," which, in any case, it would not be wise to overlook. Since the cyclonic storm on Sun day, mentioned elsewhere, the weather lias greatly modified in temperature, until now we ?can say quite pleasant conditions prevail, with cloudless skies. Of course this is ideal breather for shearing, and work is going on well at Saltern and other places mentioned in our reports. At HcLiaughtin's shearing will commence on Monday with P. Currie'e 7000 from Clover Hills; several other lots will follow. In scour ing Noondah Park has been completed, and the Tarcombe clip will be finished Monday. Bowen 'Downs and Braidwood clips are being scoured. The Barcaldine Co-Operative movable plant passed through on Tuesday for Bandon Grove, Arrilalah, where shearing will commence on Tuesday, weather permitting. The No. 2 team Is at Marchmont, and work is' progressing satisfactorily there. Tee following wool was despatched from 'hen during the week:-Kensington 186 bales, Bowen Downs 91, Moondah 63, Mt. Arthur 51, Lilydale 41, Weewondilla 12 ; total, 446 bales. The following were the stock passings this week:-Two mobs of eheep, 4000 c&ch, from .Clover Bills to McLaughlin's scour and return, P. Curry owner in cbaige; 4600 mixed sheep. 'Dunraven to Beta, J. McGuioness owner. T. Thompson in charge. Shearing is progressing splendidly at Saltern "Creek, also at Leicbhardt Farms. The following firms have been registered : 'Hoase & Welu, Qeteward, near Longreach, grasiers. Commenced business Sept. 30th. 1 Proprietors-John F. Hoase, Toowoomba, and Louis E. M. IVehl, Hereward. Registered at Brisbane, Sept, 50th. Scanlan & Sons, grazing1 farm 593, Winton district. Proprietors-Tim othy Scanlan, Sydney J. -Scanlan, and John .Scanlan jr. Reg. at C. P.S.. Winton, Sept 19th. Firm closed-A. SI. and J. J. Doyle (Alexander M. Doyle and John J. Doyle), Munro, via Win .dorah, graziers. Closed July IStb. Our Bowen Downs correspondent reports under date. 15th inst.:-We have had good ? shows for rain but no results here. On the 8th the body of cloud was to dense' that we momentarily expected a few inches to fall. We had a few heavy drops, and that w*S- alii From then to the llth it was fairly cool. Yes terday and to-day were quit# hot, but nary a cloud. It may mean storms sooner or later. The Middle Park lands, after five years de lay, are to be thrown open on 10th' November next, first as agricultural farms. The purchas ing price is 25n. an acre, and the rent, which will be counted as part of the purchasing -money, 7£d. The total improvements amount to &lt;£1025. The Beaconsfield bore, which has for some years been in charge of Mr. John Nee, is likely to be abandoned, the bole badly caving in and -the country being most unfavorable for striking a second supply at any further reasonable depth. The Messrs. Fairbairn have stuck to this hole well, and have spent several thou sands upon it. Only a first supply has been struck, some 100,000 gallons per day, but Die water is palatable and of great use, as it waters thousands of Bheep in what was oon . sidered otherwise dry country. r At 2483 feet ' it was decided to obtain some special tbols, and these have now been received by Mr. Nee, who leaves to-day for Ilfracombe. It the hole stands up, boring will be continued for some further distance, but the driller has but little 'hope of success, and he reckons he will shut .down during the week, and the plant be re moved to Daunton (Messrs. Beatty &Foalsbatn), -eight milw due east Mr. Rule . the new owner of Speculation, has Aurchfclw aA " fiolipse" boring plant. wlth «rh!bhtotest&lt;oHub4rteslan wateri qptot lation is one of the oldest " desert" holdings, and the last remaining hotel, known as " Springer's." on the old road between Ararnac and Clermont, was on the run. A. Jericho correspondent mentions that 142 Srime bullocks were trucked for Bedbank, team. J. Cook & Co. owners, and two truck loads of the same herd went to Rocbhampton. These cattle were from Wldgeman, and Mr. W. Mclvor was in charge. 1600 bullocks are to be removed from the McLaughlin Proprie tary's Mexico station to the Company's Raby Creek station, Duaringa. Mr. Elliott, of the Merriwa Shearing Co., is in charge of the Gar field shearing, now underway.  THE DROUGHT MENACE. SOME SUGGESTIONS. Tho following letter appeared yester day in tho Brisbane press: — 'Agronomist' writes: Sir — It. ib very strnngo .thnt wo have so little informa tion from onr motoomloiristR nnd scien tists in gonoral in regard to tho reason why the vast nloud areas so frequently seen in and around Brislmno and other parts of the country-fail to precipitate thoir moisture. Country reports iudiwito thnt Btorms threaten almost overy dny in one region or another without tho sorely ror|in'red rainfall. Ifc would ho oxtromoly interesting to hnvo from some of tho authorities on weather con ditions tho ronson thorofor. Perhaps n disoussion on this most important ques tion may bring out now facts which mn-.y bo of somo uso in indicating if tho views expressed 'by some, oversea scientists' in re-intion ' to rain stimula tion have nny bnsifi in fact. If so, wo surely are in nood of tho data. A FORECAST. Air O. B. Uuniol writes: Sir, — in view of uno anxiety ovcrywliero being fell at Lh9 general uusouce oi vaiw, 1 would at-k thu lavour oi a htuo spnue in your journal lor a lew romnrlm ou the sub. jeot whioh I i-ave no doubt will appnul to your readers. 1 desiro to say, as one- conversauv with weather conditions obtaining in Queensland that, tlio future outlool: is unfavourable, so far as a goneral rain fall is concerned. Bain, will fall, during the summer months, but will prove to bo considerably under average and of a spasmodic character in isolated areas. It is not at all improbable that light rain will soon fall in local areas, nc oomnanied with terrifio blows of cyclon i« force. Thero will also occur dry thundorstroniB, accompanied with torri lic lightning and hail in somo install cos. Such is particularly applicable, so far as tho control nnd northern districts nro concerned. Anything in the nature of general rainfall will bo conspicuously nbsont in Queensland during tho ensuing year. Wonthor conditions will improve during lflSOj and will probably .become normal during tho summer of thnt period. 1 would iliko to draw nttontioiT to a fore onst which you kindly published some months ago. I am at present unable to verify tlio date, but anyono who cares to look. up your files will 8co.,.v.|that my prodiotions concerning provailing wea ther have been fulfilled. I base my conclusions on tho theory laid down by Mr. Clement L. -Wragge, who is .well known for his scientific advice on mete orological matters. ' ' , J n conclusion 1 would .like to say- that somofcliing moro -might with advantage he attempted in long-rnnge forecasts by our official weather authorities. The daily woather chart offers no solution of the problem of future,weather, be yond 2-A hours ahead. It is to b« regret ted that such is the case. Facilities at the disposal of our weather authorities, should justify something further _fooing attempted concerning future weather conditions which would he highly ap prooiated and would moan thousands of pounds in wealth to this State.' Yours, etc.,  AN INTERESTING PREDIC TION. A - (Dy Wrnggo). In viow or mo roourronco ui uj. olonoB ovor tlio eastern part of Aus tralia, It is intorcstng to rooall a pro-' diction which was nmdo by Mr. Clom ont Wraggo at tho timo or tlio dlanBtor at Allaokay. "Atmoaphorio conditions' Mr, Wraggo sulci, "aro very porturbod within lowor latitudoa than that of Auokland, cspoolally ovor all North Gapo, tho Iiormadocs, Tonga, FIJI, Now Oalodonla, Norfolk Ialnnfl, and tho ooasta of Quoonaland and Now South Wnlcs, A olouo watolv should bo kept on tho baromotor. Tho dlsnstroua storms in Queensland, couplod * with tho floodB, aro sufficient Indioa.tlon of tho gonoral typo ol\ woatbor, and in varlpuH parts of thq onstern lmir of Australia tharo- may, and probably will be a ronowal of buoIi boforo lat April, horioo oyory procautlon .should bo talc on, Ab Btatod in January, tho ooaat of Wostorn Auatralia, north from Shark Day, may bo offootod by wlnfla of tho httrrloano typo, and tho poarllng flootfl ahould bo on tho nlort, 11 am confirmed In tho opinion that - tho southern odgoa of tho tropical dlatur ImnooB will paBB fuvthor Bouth than usual, nnd thoir ponumbrao may ovon oxtond to tho I13ay of Plonty, nnd llaw ko's nay, NX, under currontB from botwacn aouth-oaflt, onat, north-oast, and north,1 wlilftliifr westerly, blowlnH atronK, nnd with a vory considerable rainfall, boforo two months hnvo elap sed, TIiobo aondltlona nro mainly duo to abnormal^ solar Influonoo."  GENERAL NEWS. GOOD FRIDAY. The holiday spirit was abroad in Ade- laide on Good Friday, but not boisterously. Crowds left the city for the country and the seaside, and many visitors arrived "to stay over the Easter holiday-.." In the city the streets wore a Sunday-like aspect, except that the cars ran as usual. Special services were he'id in churches of all de- nomination.«*. In the evening a special mis- sion service wais conducted at the lung's Theatre. The speakers were the Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Rutter Thomas), Canon Hornabrook, and the Rev. W. Wragge. At the various picture theatres special pro- grammes were presented, and "The Dan- dies'' gave a sacred concert instead of their USURÏ performance. In accordance with Act of Parliament the hotels remained closed on Friday. MR. KINGSTON IN OILS: A BAD PORTRAIT. Some life-size portraits in oils have lately been placed in Queen's Hall, Federal Parliament Houses, Melbourne. They in- clude Sir Henry Parkes, an admirable like- ness; Sir Samuel Griffith, very good; Sir Edmund 'Barton, also good; Mr. Andrew Fisher, really excellent,; and Mr. Kingston, just about as bad as it could be. It really hard to believe that it is intended for Mr.' Kingston. It ' is not surprising that some members of. the Federal Parlia- ment, personal .friends, did not know who j the. portrait,was supposed to represent. A leading Melbourne paper described it as a portrait of, Lord Tennyson. The writer of the paragraph probably knew Mr. Kingston and did not know Lord Tenny- son. The portrait should be withdrawn at once. It would be better to have none than such a grotesque caricature. There is nothing in it characteristic of the de- ceased statesman. The shape of the head is absurdly wrong, and the entire pose of the figure is ridiculous. The Eng- lish sculptor, Mr. Drury. R.A., has pro- duced a statue of Mr. Kingston with the likeness so good that a former Ministerial colleague when lie saw it the other day in London was, he says, so impressed that he spontaneously raised his hat in recognition of his old friend. If such ex- cellent work can be done in bronze there ought to be no difficulty in producing the same result oh canvas, especially when it is remembered that there are any number of good photographs available to aid the artist. In any case the picture now on view iu the Queen's Hall should be forth- with withdrawn, from public exhibition. RECKLESS MOTORISI*. It is a common complaint against a certain class of motorists that they en- danger the lives of people waiting to board tramcars. A case in point occurred at 6.30 p.m. on Good Friday at the inter- section of South-terrace and Hutt-street At this place, as in the case of many others, intending tram travellers are obliged to stand near the tram line, be- cause if they remained on the footpaths they would probably, owing to Cue short delays ot stopprng places, be left lament- ing. There is *an obligation, therefore, on the part of motorists, as well as on the part of the public, to be careful at such dangerous places. On Friday night, however, a motor car, running very silently, dashed past the South-terrace cerner just aa a tramear pulled up. The motorist, travelling at an excessive speed, left barely enough room between his car and the tramear for the passengers to board the latter, and when they had done so they were exceedingly pleased that they had not been standing a foot further from the tramline when the motor j dashed past. TTSITLN-G BOWLEß-S. Nineteen members of the Ballarat Central Bowling Club and 'two ladies arrived in Ade-atde by the Melbourne ex- press on Good Friday morning on a visit to tlie Adelaide Oval Bowling Club. Ofii eialä of the Adelaide club met them at the station, and the visitors were driven to the Grand Central 'Hotel, where an informal function in the nature of a reception was held. The president of the Adelaide ciub. "Mr. A. -M. I'ettinger. wel- comed the visitors and expressed the hope that it would be iu the power of his club to iepav in sonic measure tho kindness and hospitality its members received at tho hands of the Ballaiai. club when they la-st visited that eily. The president of the visiting olub (Air. A. !.. Bickan.) ¡e sponded, and expressed the pleasure he and his fellow-clubmen felt at -ocinü again in Adelaide :o ..vnew old fricrnJohips. Tircv hoped they would ù>c able to carry away Uie challenge shield presented by "iii. G. M. Evan, but whether they won or lost, they were certain co have a good time. During the afternoon the visitors and their hosts played a game of bowl'*, at the ovtvl rink. ! THE WEATHER, Tlie Observatory authorities reported on Frsday art 9 p.m.:-The weather conditions throughout South Australia to-day have been in marked contrast to the sultriness of Thursday. During the night the dis- turbance which Thursday's weather chart depicted over the Bight passed Adelaide and the wind veered to squally south-wes- terly. The strong south-westerly w-nds freshened the conditions remarkably, and although the sky was cloudy at times no rain occurred in the city, except a light shower in the early morning. The tem- perature at the Obsc-rvatory ranged be- tween a minimum of 61.2 deg. and a maxi- mum of 70.8 deg. The Adelaide barometer has been rising all day under the influence of the large "high," whidi pushed in so rapidly, and the reports to hand show chat the anti-cyclone is maintaining its energy,' so that further line cool weather with fresh roitth-westerly winds may be expected, al- though some light showers are likely to occur along the south and south-east ooai-tä*. The forecast is:-"Except for a few licht coastal showers, generally fine, with cool west to south winds. Squally, but moderating on the south and south-east coasts."' NORFOLK ISLAND. The romantic history of Norfolk Island, which formed the subject of an Act passed by the Federal Parliament last session, at- tracted much attention to the measure, which sanctioned the transference of its control from rho State oi New South Wales to the Commonwealth. The Minis- ter of External Affairs (Hon. P. McM. Glynn. K.C.) was asked on his return to Adelaide on Thursday what 'the present position w.-is with regard to this (ransfe*, arid he said he expected at any moment an announcement that the Order in Coun eil had been issued by the Imperial Gov- ernment vesting the island in the Com- monwealth, in accordance with the Federal Act. All that would toen remain would bo to make the neees-iary arrangements with the Governor ol' New South Wales (Sir Gerald Strickland) for fixing a day on which the Commonwealth proclamation shall be issued bringing in:o force, the pro- visions of the Act. This Till probably by done within the next six weeks or two months. AU matters incidental to :hc transfer arc now being prepared. PLAYING- ROOM FOR SCHOOL i CHILDREN. _A correspondent writes:-Th? Mayor of Unley, LieutenantvColonel Dolhnan, in speaking at the annual demonstration of the Unley High School, gave es-pression I to a need of the high schools. After speaking hi-rhly * of the advantaf.es con- ferred on the community "by thv High Schools, he went cn to say Oat they still stood in need of many things. Tlie playgrounds at Unley were total!** inade- quate to provide facilities for al those pupils who indulged in the various sports. Unley would have to light for --»laying room as it had fought in the past lor the infants* school. He recommended the establishment of a parenü**" committee to second the board of advice. He had bim -iclf been educated in Unley school, and was having his own boys educated there, and would do ali he . could to sufport such a committee. Tire first thing it would have . to remedy was tlie present ''tate of the playing grounds, and provide for the establishment of school arbors and garden?. Only by means of such &lt;om mittees could the advantages of the 'n'gh school system be secured to the full for the public. A GHOST -iX A' SEALSKIN COAL That was surely a _ remarkable story ' which Canon Sutton, vice-chairman of flic Cumberland County Council, told in a lec- ture on "Spiritualism" to the church peop'ei of Dearham, Maryport. He was dealing I with the possibility of a dying person's form appearing to the individual in his o" her mind at the moment of death, and h" related an extraordinary experience w-hie-l befell him. He befriended the orphan daughter of a clergyman by obtaining he: a situation as a governess. She became encaged to an officer of the Indian army, and Canon Sutton gave her a sealskin coat as a present. The affair turned out un- happily, however, for the officer jilted her and broke her heart. Some time after- wards Canon Sutton dined at Dovenby Hall and rode home to Bridekirk, on a clear, moonlight night. Near Dovenby school, at 12.15 a.m., he saw the fonn of the girl in her sealpksn coat. The hor=e seemed to see something, too, for he stopped. On reaching home the canon told his wife what he had seen, but she laighed at him. Nevertheless, he ' learned later that the jrirl had died at the verv moment she apoeared to him on the road, that at the time of death she was wearing the sealskin coat lie had given her, and that her last words were to tell him -hat she forgave him for introducing her to her faithless lover. Asked if his experience on the Dovenby road had not shzken his nerves. Canon Sutton replied that he had no nerves-which is, one imagines, a good tiling for one who sees ghosts. MR. WILLIAM O'BRIEN. Mr. William O'Brien, who his accepted a challenge to re-sign Iris seat End nut up again, has quarrelled in his time with moat of the people with whom during his stormy eareer he has been associated, iut no one has ever questioned his burmng sincerity. He has been nine times prosecuted for political offences, and has spent irom fir-t to last over two years in prison. In Tul- lamore Gaol in 1388 he refused to weiir, prison clothes, and lav for weeks in bed, whi'e angry debates took place in the House of Commons over what was called the question of O'Brien's breeches,. Even- tually another suit was smuggled in ti him. Another episode in Mr. O'Brien's diversified career was amusing. He was defendant at the time in the town of Mid- dleton in a Coercion Court.. Military ami police filled the town and surrounded the couit-house, and great extatememt pre- vailed. In ttie midsc of the proceedings. a telegraph messenger in uniform walked coolly through the military lines and passed unchallenged through the cordon of the police fto the court and u-j to the magistrates' bench, where he handed his missive to the presiding magistrate. Til magistrate opened the telegram ind reid an instruction to adjourn the trial purport- ing to come from Dublin Castle. Mysti- fied beyond measure, he ad.iourr.ed the trial, and great was the popular rtjoicing. But it soon transpired that the \ -pfhole thing was an elaborate and skillfuly car- ried out hoax. The uniformed telegraph hoy, and his telegram, in perfectly eorrcct form, were entirely bogus. How the thing was done was never revealed-even to Mr. O'Brien himself. THE NEGRO RACE IN THE UNITED STATES. Those who gather their judgment of the negro race in the States from the occasional reports of lynchinga would find much to correct their estimates in the report of the World's Student Christian Federation. Fifty years ago, for example, less -than 5 per cent, «of negroes could read or write; to-day the proportion is 68 per ceat. At the time of emancipation it was prophesied that the negro would die out. "Ever ready to accommodate his friends, but in his own peculiar way, he has ^proceeded to die out bv increasing his numbers from 4.000,000 to 10.000,000 in fifty years." Neither in Africa nor anywhere else has he attained "an average state of development as high as in the States. Perhaps more surpris-1 ing than anything else to a reader of the j report is the tale of trades followed by i the negro. There are 750,000 farmers, i 70,000 teamsters, 35,000 railway hands, 36,000 miners, 33,000 sawmill employes, ' 24.000 dressmakers, 20,000 barbers, 20,000 nurses, 14,000 stouemasons, 10,000 engineers, ' and firemen, 20.000 in militarv service, 21,000 school teachers, and 18.000 in other professions. Characteristically it is added that the negro has added many hundred million* to the wealth of the country, and has accumulated for himself a net surplus of over 600,000,000 dollars. They have 35,000 church "edifices." And in the asso- ciations connected with the student move- ment there are (.5.500 members. It was the fiftieth anniversary last year of the aboli- tion of slavery. When the real problem of the negro race is being considered it is vi-ell to remember the vast changes that this' half-century has made. ' THE SCHOOLGIRL OF NEW SOUTH WALES. A few (lavs ago Mr. Carmichael, Minister for Public Jnsrtruction in New South Wales, published wrae interesting information dealing with the occupations taken up by gills upon leaving the primary schools in the State. "We received information," he «aid, '"concerning C,144 girls who left the primary schools last year, either to take up home duties or to enter bom« occupation. Of these girls 2,2*23 left the metropolitan schools. 122 the -"chools in the Newcastle district, and 3,297 other country districts. Naturally by far tho greater proportion of girls left home to take up home duties, ami 1 think it only light to mention in this connection that the girls who leave our M-hools at the pre-ent time are very much better fitted by means of our new system of domestic training to assist their mothers in home dut*e*->. and later on to manage homes of their own than before domestic science was carried on to the extent that it is now done. "It is significant, how- ever, that while 07 out of every 100 girls in the metropolitan district left school to take np home duties, 85 out of every 100 country girls loft school for tire same pur- pose. In other words, 33 giris out of every 100 come into industrial competition in the city, while only 15 out of every 100 come into competition in the eoontiy. Three hundred and sixty-nine girls left school t&lt;> enter into each commercial oc- cupations a» clerks, typists, and sales- women; 205 giris became dressmakers, 119 coming from the eily and 17 from the country; 83 girls entered the millinery and 101. the tailoring trade; 127 girls left'school for the purpose of becoming factory hands, the majority naturally coming from the metropolitan schools, 114 jarla entering the Sydney .factorieB, EUC the f^-tories at New castle, and «even factories in other parts of the country. Seventy-nine girls left school to become teachers in public schools, nine to become teachers of private schools, 16 to become governesses, and four to be- come music teachers." A HALF-CROWN HORSE. Ii is not often one can become the proud possessor of «a horse for the modest sum of 2/6, but that was the price which a horse realised at an auction sale m Hobart last week. The bidding was started at a shilling, and the horse was knocked down at half a crown. ? Baldwin's, Unley-road, will be open un till 6 p.m., to-day. Several very enjoyable round-the-gulf | trips have been organised and consummated during the past season. Probablv for the jaded «ty mau, and for the equally jaded, nervy, household, worried (but never com- plaining) wife, (or sister), there is nothing more conducive to recuperation of health than a few days' jaunt on the briny. But, for appearance sake, take care of your face (or faces). Sea air and sunshine are all very well for your physical cc-nstitution, but injurious to the delicate skin. By uring Alpine Snow occasionally the possible effects of sun, wind,, and sea are reduced to a minimum. Bo sure you get Alpine Snow! *94wll5 Ladies should consult Mdlle. Celestine at her French Toilet Salon, 88, Rundle street, above Pianola, for Electric Bead , Hasstge, Greyness, Baldness, Dry and | Oily Dandruff. The renowned Philo Phdo-Carpine for beautifying the hair only obtainable from Mdlle. Celestine. *45we "Sonia" BÍ3nrathated Magnesia, new cure indigestión, 1/, 2/6, all chemists. *45wai22-l i A good deal of money can be saved in House Furnishing by sending for our ' Catalog or by inspecting our large, np-to-1 1 date stocks. Our low expenses at Port Adelaide enable us to do this, and at the j same time supply goods of the best qua. lity.-E. G. Sho"-ney, Furnisher, &c. *333wi:329 Tradesmen.-When spending your hard! earned money for tools, -whv not take ad- vantage of our long experience and low j prices at '"Sheffield House," Charl es-st. ' *97,9,101 It will pay you to have your dresses and j suits cleaned by those well-known expert dyers, Schlork & Co. (W. M. Shake- speare)! 54» Gawler-plaee, Adelaide. T207weo:26t The link that binds is honest value. Ezywallon. supply yon wholesale for cash. *í6z« JEAN, LTD., Milliners, are making à speciality line of "Guinea Hat**," in pretty shapes of Tagel, Felt, and Black Velvet -Address, Netler Buildings, Hindlev-st' *85:84.. Now showing, winter boots. Open Thuv dav night; 6 Saturday.-Miss Hameicc, Hindmarsh. '99-201 ÏTTRNITURE AND LINOLEUMS, good assortment and quality, with low prices. Every article guaranteed. Tenns x> suit all clients. Beautiful catalague free. Crooks and Brooker. Ltd,, Bundle-street. *44o\ BURNS PHILP EUROPEAN INCLUSIVE CONDUCTED] TOURS, 1914. t ! PER S¿. ''WILTSHLRE,'* 2Sth APRIL. £170. ALL TRA"?!*!; EXPELES PATO, INCLUDING HDTEL. STEAMER MLLDÍ-3 RAPIDLY. BOOK NOW. DO >OT HESITATE AN UNEQUALLED OPPORTUNlTi: TO SSE THE BEST OF THE WORLD AT A MINQfUar OF COST AND TROUBLE. FULL PABmCüiÄRS ON APPLIOA. TION. BURNS, PSLP, & CO., LTD., ' TOUR AND TRAVEL DEPT, BROOK3ÍAN-S BUILDING, GE^NFELiSTREET, ADELAIDE. *92eow«  A CHAT WITH MR. WHA-OGtr. A representative of "The Dnllr To-it" had a clii,t with Mr Wraige Vestcr- Rfterncon en the suhfeet of tho ljro|»osed solar observatory in All? trailii. The aslnnonier Wds asked If he thoiighl thai the proposal would ervc a useful puipose. "It is a grend tblug," he answeru. "1 .-Mvoeated it years and vivirs go. before It wtis thought of, and hey laughed at in=. Solar oIiMervalions are Hie mail', osliouonilciii fact in nhleli wo must rnlv for tho foiv- •."MInc of e.swis—drbnglilt or jjioiJ rontons. The lirsi thing is tli- nlivleal (,oi-.di(!on of the sua with" reject tr his aiavlma and lbinmia moods—tlial is sun spots. The ntlar periodiety. or cycle fi'-ini one tHa.vlnm o the next, maxima is about 11 years ; niuo people hi'.vc no suspicion of the Xtc-:it of lliese great vortlcep, liice cyclones, with an energy ot which we have m coniprelionMr.il. Th^so nviv lie up to Toft'Ki mil.js ill dlamete)-. ^nd whieli this eartli villi ils diameter 7JI1S iI'.Hoe coi:ld he ewnmped little stone In a volcano A-.iiind (these sun storms and particularly at Ibeir edge, and when Ihe sun Is a! liiuinia, or greatest energy, hydrogen (lames 'HiiiDO to ilit.Odi) >s in length shcot out from Us surface. These hydrogen flamos ore 'uirli-g e. drift of uhraiions of the very &lt;l.her tisolf—ll'iit fuhtle medium thai link* I'p oil ti.ut is—from tbe odors rnd genus in the Ijifr i-nniv/rSe to Ihe giant s'ln? In the supra-uriverso. ]n this cone.eetlon it Hur t lie niider^tnod that tills oa-.th and our fellow planets were hurhrl off from the sun ages ago. of wi-.ieli tile hum.',n tnlii',1 can f,iiio no conception. Nine hundred million ym-.rse airo the enrth was thrown off from the sun. The eartli, there- fore, as w.-ll t':c other planets, are in harmony wUh the sun, as two lirjjts are in liarinonv. or as .two warships —one at Hchart and the other at Sydney—might' be in eomniuiiieallon with &lt;;Eeh other by means' of wireless t •• 11'. gi'al.y. The earth heing hi lianuonv with tbe sun resnonds to th« gri-at folar vibrations. tTTfis we come to th.i "ntaiu" reason of earthquakes tidal waves, volcanoes, droughts. Kverv energy with which tho earth .is familiar, has been familiar, or otvv will be familiar, is energy of its prreiA, tlie sun. A solar observatory In ti'.o dry, clear atu'.osphere &lt;-f csntiniMitiil A'.istralin -iivuld therefore b=i of tluf fri^'.i.'-it iraporlance." '•One of Hi; things that I was go. ii&lt;;r to watch >l>ls afterncon, ir the ivli>)»e bad her-n visible ,V(is iii,. corona of the enn—that eloetrb- vibl'ylioil. as we might term it—til? waves of which "dash"' out from the sen's *dge for r.00,0110 miles. 1 also intended it-1 watch far the liydrotr&lt;'n tlnii'e« befo-e mentioned, and for ihe fhadow bnnils." "The sol ond point In th-> forecasting of sea sole- - is the iisi roiionilcal position of tho moon. Th? moon, during rortaln priiods swingi to a greater or iiSfer extent I ortu or south of tlie ciuatnr. and this Indiires plus Or minus atmospheric tlden, wb|.;h can be likened lo Ihe tld.es of the ceean. That swing might be i'2Ri (-diarj"s north ond 'JRi degj-en: south of the eqratr-r in one month, when it is at its greatest swing, to IT J degrees north and 171 degrees south, when it is at ils least swiog. When ths taoon has a wide swing, lilts the wide swi ig of the peniluhiui of a cli-.k, it ih'ts the vapors of the topper region? of the :rt tr.osphnre where :lie cold air of re- I'Kivelv high IcmpeY.-tdircs acts as a coiideiiser to ihese va'poi's, conseniieutiy the rainfall is Increased, and tli" i-eyer.w takes places when the aiocn lins a email swine, nnd the rninfal falloff. "The pertnrbatiohs prodttcei by the astronomical position* of the pbil'ls is n yen- complicated b-isinn^f,. but is also comiw-ted with tlie fore-, casting «f the feasons. The greetcst work in meteorology In Australia is the forecasting of the seasons en that f-quatlei's nnd others may know wlmn 10 stock their nms. EfTorts are being ihhde to Induce tlie Hoard of Agrlcultiire to wage water. a fly which Is floiup; namaKt- estimated to amount annually to more than £2,000,000. Tlife Insect's name is the warblfc fly, aud its ravaging effects aro felt In tlie leather industry and the mc-at trade. Warble flies lay ibeir eggs on tbe hides of atsl-. tunls, nnd wlien the chrysalis is formed it causes r.iiijt are known in the trade as warble bole;. Several bundled bjieli holes.are frequently foil nil In tine hide, and always on tbe most valuable JjhH;. The diminished value froin this- caiuse of biles of animals slaughtered in the. Polled Kingdom Is estimated Et nearly £I;OM.OOt) annually,' There Is iprobably a larger loss in beef, as the fiy prevents tattle frotii fhrlving .si-" »a—• »•• a . -  A WEATHER EXTRAVAGANZA. Mr. Clement L. .Wragge issued tne following forecast on Wednesday I (writes the Adelaide " Advertiser " : 1 — "Anti-cyclonic, or high pressure, is v now influencing South Australia, and | for a time tbe weather will improve, (such conditions making casting. Yet the coasts of Victoria and New South Wales, including Sydney, .will shortly experience more nasty soiithci;lics mid rough seas, with further rain squalls, so let shipping and passengers by sen take heed. Within ten days from date the antarctic disturbance nam ed ' Ulysses, now slowly approach ing the Leeuwhi, will affect more or less all southern purts of the Com monwealth. As his ugly eastern umbra advances, the. winds will Set in from north-east, .with an increase of temperature, hud shift to north west oud west, and a renewal of weird cloud pictures and local dust blows, followed tyy mora rain und south-westerly Bqiinlls. A new and suspicious-looking monsoonnl dlslur- llfltlCP nnmnl 4 Acnn ' k Shark Bay and Java, nnd we by no means like the prtspect in the neigh bourhood of Cprsack and the far North-west of Australia. Tlie mon soon ' Tekel ' will cause more distur bance and rain in Queensland, and, looking at affairs all round, we ex pect a line extravaganza front piping treble through dulcet alio to rolling bass within or during tbc period be fore stated. It is all music, my masters ! Tbe sweetest music. ' Ulysses ' is likely to play high jinks iu Maorilaiid before a fortnight has gone by, and also over the Tnsmau Sea, preceded, however, by tempor- arily finer weather as the high pres sures sure in swinging rytbm cast- ward."  MR. WRAGGE OPTIMISTIC. Mr. Clement Wrogge lias supplied us with the following weather forecast, dated Mooista, July 8:— ' Our seasonal forecast issued in 1904 and again in 1906 to 'the effeat that inland Australia would experience under average rainfall in 1912 /and 1013 is coming only too true. We 'confidently expected that the Antarctic discurbonce. Queen Dido, would. lik*- Hennba... . liave caused corae intervening-- -rain, at least in South Aus tralja, inasmuch as she looked bo pro niisinc oil the Leeuwin. ? But she has rapidly swept away to the southward, only to eorai! up again, like her predecessors, along tho coasts of Gippslanid and New South Wales, and we most freely admit that she has belied our best calculations: A spell of further frosty weather will now be experienced, and the hopes of farmers must be centred on the next dis turbance, named Liisbeth, due ' about the middle ot July. As the sun's rioi'tihera declination .decreases the . blocking - anti cyclones o\w Central Australia must, by physical kw, give way,, so tihat farmera must not lose:- iidj)ie,: 'for thcjT will %vien yet be able to 'dance -the promfeed'iiorn pipe.' .'? ? i ;:v ?.?-'- . v..- ; . ~ it v-Vi'a. - */? ? ? ?  Wragge Ridiculed. ! The dreadful drought predicted by Mr. Clement Wragge, does not find any credence amoDgst - the weather ' prophets of Victoria. They maintain that Mr Wragge has been indulging in | " Jeremiads " for nine yearB, and that it would be distinQtly hard luck if he were not right some time or other. ' One of the chief of the weather-wise said Mr Wragge's general assertions are irrebuttable. During the summer [ time we shall most likely have extreme heat on hot days, especially in inland an l tropical narts of Australia, and in winter time we are likely to have rains i or fogs, and on the tops of mountains of high altitude snow will fall. .' Ovor in Western Australia it may be confidently predicted that copious rains will fall during the wet season, and on the north-west coast provision should be mace for willy-willies ; in Queensland we may expect cyclones in the cyclonic season ; and iu Sy Iney the atmosphere will be humid when condi tions make for humidity. "In short, one could not be far wrong when tipping to mention that ; there will be south winds, when the wind is blowing from the south In all these particulars not orie can possibly; disagree with Mr. Wragge. " Spoaking seriously, there is no : scientific data known to man that will etiablo ' anyono to predict, with any degree of accuracy, what the weather will be two or three years hence. This ; is the consensus of opinion of the princi- ? pal authorities of the world, who. are especially studying this problem . o£ weather prediction. " Going back to Mr. Wragge, it, will be remembered that he promised a vory bad season for Victoria in 1911, whereas wo had an exceptionally good and bounteous season;.., Gippsland Was to be burnt up." As a matter of fact, Gippsland was blessed with an abundant rainfall, and her primary industries wero j in a vory flourishing condition. The ; only way I can possibly ^aterpret the j doleful - warnings which Mr. Wraggo - issues at intervals is to take the reverse as being likely to happen. What he has said has net occurred. Therefore, wo may assume that what he doeB not say will probably happen."  ' FROM VARIOUS SOURCES" Running a country newspaper is not all sunshine. A rural editor gives the following hint:—"The fellow who can play billiards, smoke cigars, have six penny drinks, shout for others, trip it to Sydney, go to the races, etc., should not overlook the fact that he owes us a couple of quid." "D'yer see that there old cove com in' outer Jones' pub?" remarked tha way-back leg-puller to a new arrival. "Well, 'e's .the champeun boozer ov this locality. He's been drunk fur a quarter ov a century, an' if 'e wos ter wake up some mornin' an' find 'imself sober I do believe the shock would kill 'im, Twelve months ago 'e wos bitten by a tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too." "Did the man die?" the new chum asked. "No," replied the bushman, "but the snake got blind paralytic drunk." Beauty is only skin deep, but curves is curves. "The Secret of Smart Dress," runs ' a headline in a contemporary. Some of the costumes we have seen recently had nothing secret about them at all. "Johanna" tells this one in the "Bul letin"—An exalted military gentleman in Melbourne found himself beset by an untidy young woman of about 25 in. a suburban street the other morn ing. "You're , ain't you? Well, Bill can't j;o to the war." "My good woman, I " "I tell yeh straight. Bill can't go to the war, an* 'e won't, so there. Bill's engaged t' me; then he goes and enlists t' fight the Ger mans. Well, he won't go, see. He's said he'll marry me, 'n' he ain't goin' t' get off bo easy. I give you my word." Can't you picture Bill in a snow-filled trench, with a bullet in his neck, getting off easy? All men are born free and equal, but the majority of them marry later on. Of troubles connubial, jars and di vorce, This, we believe, is the fruitfullest source; A man falls in love with a dimple or curl, Then foolishly marries the entire girl. There was a man in our town And he was wondrous small. He bought a big barometer And put it in the hall. And when the mercury went down Because of wind and rain, tie climbed on the umbrella stand And shoved it up again. If everybody on earth spoke the truth and nothing but the truth for twenty-four hours, we should find our selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution the world has ever known. Last week (writes "Gossip," of the "Stock and Station Journal") I had two schoolboys staying with me, who were on their way from Bedale's School, in Petersfield, Hants, to Scot land. I took them to all the things we had time for, including the "White City," and the^play of "Grumpy," at the New Theatre.. They had the time 1 of their lives. We visited the Tower of London, and they saw the "Traitor's .Gate," the site of the scaffold where people used to be shortened, the idle soldiers, the ancient "Beefeaters," and all the armor and the guns and swords and crossbows, and weapons( of mur der. They were greatly interested, and when we came out I said, "Now, boys, what interested you most about the Tower? What is the strongest im pression that you bring away from • the old place?" The bigger and older of the two (nearly 15) said:—"Well, my strongest impression, after seeing all the armor and the weapons of war is that the people of those times were fools " Before I had time to express my views, the younger one said, "Well, we're bigger fools now." "Amen," said I to that, and then we talked! "Northerner" writes:—Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain which promises that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though thie is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti-. cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it.  &lt;"A VOYAGE THROUGH THE UNIVERSE" LECTURE BY MR CLEMENT L. WRAGGE. A DELIGHTED AUDIENCE. Although there were several counter attractions last night a very7 fair audi ence assembled in the Mechanics' Hall to hear the famous astronomer and traveller, Mr Clement Wragge, lArture on the above subject . The lecture was one oi absorbing interest, and those who held the opinion that lectures are dull were forced to admit that- last night was an exception to the rule. Mr V> ragge is a rapid speaker, intensely7 earnest, with fretqiuent flashes of happy wit, and the wealth of inter esting information be supplied was illustrated by many7 beautiful lantern views. Unlike most scientific lectures, everyone knew, and clearly under stood, what Mr W ragge was speaking about, and it is safe to say that a lec ture of such interest was never given in Castlemaine, before, and when his remarks closed, everyone was sorrv, ao a further period of that kind oi treat and education would have been heart ily enjoyed. Tha lecturer opened by remarking that an experienced scientist could not be an atheist. He was ioreed to re cognise the Divine hand in the archi tecture of the universe. After explai ning the elementary7 principles of the solar system, he went on to say that science and relig'ion could work ham in hand. The best church in which to worship was an observatory, and no one could worship- there without exclaiming "0 Lord, how7 wonderful are Thv Works !" "If I v.-ere a par son," said Mr Wragge, "I'm afraid I would be very unorthodox. I would hate an astronomical observatory at tached to my church, and into' it I would take my congregation. and show7 them the wonders of the Most High. I would give them food1 for mind instead ot bothering about Lot's wife and all that sort of thinlg. .(Lau ghter. ) Astronomy makes people think as they never thought before." il'roibc ting/sundry photographs of the heavens on the screen, Mr Wragtgo ope ned people's eyes as to the immtensity of the universe ami the countless nurn- beis of its stars suns in evew shapo of development and decay. Inc idea t a(l 1 v , he mentioned there was no such thing as death what they7 knew7 as death was only n change. If one singly elee-> tron were destroyed, the whole balance of the universe would be upset. By the aid of graphic pictures he contrasted i the insignificance of the earth as com- | pared with other bodies, in the univer se 'And yet _ rteople put on side," he said, and think that the'7 'are ftlie huib of the universe." (Laughter.). I Referring to the Southern Cross, Mr Wragge said that the lower or brighter of the two pointers was the nearest to the sun, and the nearest to the earth after their own sun yet if a railway were- run to that pointer known as Al pha, and if the fare there w7ere one penny per 100 m'iles, the through tick et- would cost 9U0 million pounds, and an express running there at the rate of 60 miles an hour w7ould take 41 millions of years to reach the termi nus. He showed1 how the sun was thrown off from a mass of nebula billi ons of years ago, and the earth was in turn cast off from the sun 9j00 million y7ears ago. The researches of science showed that the human race on this planet elated back 600,000 years. This was shown by evidence collected from the rocks, the greatest of all ancient historians. In regard1 to the sun he explained the nature of what are known as sunspots and their influence on the earth. These spots he pictured as ra ging cyclones, to the tremendous for ces of which the earth quickly respond ed, and which were responsible for ear thquakes,' volcanic eruptions,- tidali wav es, droughts, etc. It took only eight tremutes and a halt tor the influences of those vast forces to cover tha 93,000,000 miles to the earth, and it was known that all the recent great earthquakes had occurred at periods of groat activity in the sun. Some very fine photos of the solar eclipse were exhibited, the coronal and hydro gen flames being distinctly . shown to. the wonder and amazement of the au dience?. In presenting photo's, raphs oi the recent eclipse, Mr Wragge said an other eclipse would be '. visible at Tonga next year, and he advised one and all to avail themselves of the excursion that was being arranged, for the occa- sion. It would-be well worth while their spending their money7 in that way, for, after all, what was the use , of money7 if people did not enjoy7 it-. It was impossible to transfer it to their account with a Bank of Austral asia on the Astral plane. (Laughter.) Mr Wragge then passed on to the moon, describing its lifelessness, its awful cold and stillness. Touching upon eomets, he said there woe no 'dan ger of a . collision between a comet; and th® earth, because if such a thing did happen— a very7 remote possibility7— it would he the comet that would suffer. There was no risk of collision, hut there was no avoiding the earth's pas sage through the comet's tail. It had been reported that cy7anogen gas had been detected in the tail of Halley7's comet, and later on it ha-cIMieen stated that no traces of it could be found, so that in this respect- they7 hardly knew where they were. Cyanogen gas, he explained1, was highly7 poisonous, and if anybody felt its effects the only thing to do was to practically seal himself up in a house until the earth had got through the comet's tail, (Laughter.) He closed his lecture by a fanciful description oi a man who prayed to th© Almighty that he might see the universe, and was given his wish. At the conclusion of the lecture, Mi Wragge exhibited some radium, and gave a demonstration of its powers. He explained that radium throws off scintillations of light- which travel at the rate oi 15,000 miles a second. Hs explained how the) ether rays of radiuni were so valuable to medical science. It had been found possible with them to prolong insect life to two or threo weeks. This being so it was not- im possible when they had really7 discov ered the tine 'value of th© wonderful forces contained in radium . that they might become able to indefinitely pro long human life. Radium had caused cancer to yield to Its treatment in the i early stages of the disease, and it was hoped that the more severe forms of the disease would yet be cured by it, and that leprosy would be found to yield to it. Hd showed the pitch-blen de in which it was found, and humor ously remarked, there might be plenty7 of it about Castlemaine. li so, they might be fortunate to come across it, and as radium was worth. 30; 000 times its weight in pure gold, thd search would be worth the trouble if the tini est speck was discovered. He then exhibited the Spaint horoscope, thro ugh which a small particle 1 of radium could be seen, with the scintillations of light which it disseminated. He 'con1 eluded1 by7 showing the ether rays of radium passing through solid matter. To-night M:l- Wragge will lecture on "''The Majesty of Creation, the Roman ce of the Earth, and the Solar Sys tem." The lecture will be beautifully illustrated throughotit bv lantern slid es. Amongst these will be the latest photographs of Mars showing the can als taken last October.  A PROPHET'S PREDICT IONS. HEAT WAVES, CYCLONES AND EARTHQUAKES —N.S.W. ex change. Australasia is in for a bad time. Past disasters will pale into insignificance if the pre dictions of the latest prophet— or even a minimum of them— come to pass. And there is always a chance,that one may 1 strike it right, and establish a reputation for actual foresight. Many weather prophets have arisen in Australia of late', years, but they have been con tent at predicting for a year ahead. To Barmedman how ever, belongs the honor of pro? duoing a, prophet who has eclipsed the predictions of all the names known to Australia. Egcson, Eusse], Wragge, Hunt, and the man from Moree are not now in it. The new man is silent as to his system. ' It ; may .be as simple and as ; convincing as and aching,'corns in the act of foretelling rain. But what ever it is, neither time nor distance checks its efficacy. Isobaric. pressure, high ' level stations, kites, darometic ob servations, and the like, which are believed to figure largely in the elaboration of the fore cast of a day or so, have been overshadowed. Even Zakidl, Old Moore, and the other great predicters, have contented themselves with .hazarding.the doings of a day but the .Barmedman prophet’s predictions are enough to make the boldest of Australia’s citi zens. shiver in his shoes, Neither Mr. McGowen nor Mr Wade, nor the Egyptian plagues could promise greater disasters that Mr. H. Walsh, of (Barmedman) who writes un der date 2nd May, as follows; "During the first part of 1913 their will be great heat waves, causing many deaths, cyclonic disturbances, causing towns and and shipping to be seriously affected, and devast ing floods, causing great loss of life and property. "Droughty; conditions will rule more or ’less until 1918. Then there will be„a return ,to a succession of good seasons. There will be an earthquake in New Zealand in the year 1912; and an earthquake in Australia before 1917; and, owing to the great depression ! that is about to affect this country, free or assisted immi gration to Australia will cease in 1913. The great drought of 1912 will continue to the end of this year.”  Second Edition. queensland weather stations, Mr. Wragge's Work. To the Editor.— Sir,— A paragraph ap- peared in a Melbourne paper of the 17th instant, which stated that Senator Maughan had requested in the Senate that a more efficient system of weather warning stations should be established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast." In this connection I would ask what, has happened to the most complete chains of observing stations, that I per- sonally established there, and equipped with the best instruments that London can produce, when I was in charge of the Queensland meteorological service ? I read further that Mr. Hunt has com- pleted arrangements that will make Bris- bane an up-to-date meteorological sta- tion, equipped with instruments specially made to suit the northern climate. Surely there is such a thing, as justice in Aus- tralia, and that, sacred cause may allow me to speak. Has the best of my life's work gone for nothing ? For 13 years I was head of the Queensland Meteorological Department, and during that time, I established as was admitted, " a meteorological and weather warn- ing system, second to none in the world." The Brisbane station was first- class in every respect, when I had charge, and in ignoring this, a cruel wrong has been done to me. Is all my work, faith- fully done, to the lasst item under most trying circumstances, to be thus nega- tived, and not a word of credit accorded in my declining years ?. Storms were warned, and forecasts issued by me that were verified at 95 per cent in accuracy, and not only was this done, for Queensland, but for every part of Australasia, as the people, will remem- ber. And all this on an annual vote of £1,500, as against. £22,000 (I believe), now expended by the federal weather bureau. What do they do with the money ? The Koombana went down, and so did the Yongala, without a word of warning by the Commonwealth meteorologist, who a few days ago performed cruelly gro- tesque experiments in Melbourne, showing how the latter steamer foundered. Mr. Hunt, talks of instruments specially suited to the northern climate. This is mere moonshine. Standard instruments such as I employed and personally fixed in posi- tion over the whole of Queensland, includ- ing Cape York Peninsula, and the far west, are available all the world over, and the sooner the Minister in charge realises this, and asks a few questions, the better it will be for a long suffer- ing public and shipping. Let justice be done though the heavens fall. Surely Queensland, to which I de- voted the best years of my life, will listen to my voice.—Yours, &c., CLEMENT WRAGGE, F.R.G.S., F.R., Met. SoC., &C., Late Government Meteorologist of Queensland. September 24th, 1913. 