 HOW TO PREDICT WEATHER. LECTURE BY MR. WRAGGE. Mr. Clement Wragge, the well-known meteorologist and astronomer, deliveied the last of his series of lectures at the Masonic-hall last evening, and no previ- ous one was more highly instinctive and interesting. 'The hall was closely crowd- &nbsp; ed, and the audience showed very great appreciation of the facts, figures, and illustrations placed betfore them. Mr. Wragge described very completely and lucidly the connection of the sun and moon with the weather conditions of the earth, and how those conditions could be foretold, not only daily, but for years ahead, by the application of science. A screen snowing Mr. Wragge's prophesies for the seasons up till 1930 was exhibit- ed. They were as follow:-1914-15, im- proving; 1916-20, good seasons; 1921-22, falling off; 1923-24, bad drought; 1925-26, improving; 1927 30, good seasons. As his prophesies for the last ten years had proved correct, Mr. Wragge said that was all the more reason why people and Governments should prepare for the drought which, he was sorry to say, would be certain to occur in 1923-24. Forewarned was forearmed. (Loud ap- plause.) The moon had only a modified influence on the rainfall of the earth, exercised by its declination, but the sun was the real factor. The hydrogen flames-often 600,000 miles long-shooting off from the sun were the real index, and by studying them the scientific meteorologist could predict the weather and the seasons. Speaking of the old Mount Wellington Observatory, Mr. Wragge said that, by allowing it to be destroyed, the Government had lost the best meteorological site in the whole island, and they had built another ob- servatory on the lower slopes-he hated half measures. The same could be said of Kosciusko. That was the best station in the whole of Australia, and that had been neglected. Then, he had rarely felt so sore in all his life as he had when he heard that the fine instruments on the Queensland coast-verified to the thou- sandth part of an inch by the London Observatory-had been sold by auction by the Federal Government. The fore- casts from Macquarie Island should be published in the press every morning. Mr. Wragge then went on to speak of how a meteorologist foretold the weather -seas, wind, and rain-day by day. He had hundreds of stations all over Austra- lia and in New Zealand, Tasmania, New Caledonia, New Guinea, and the Philip- pine Islands, and every day he received telegrams from each station ' about the temperature and state of the weather. With his weather map of,Australia be- fore him he would trace lines-isobar - and connect the places of the same tem- perature all over Australia together. The lines formed generally circles or elipse, and the temperatures became lower and lower until what was called a low pres- sure area or cyclone was reached, where the winds moved round and round clock- wise. Consequently a place in the south of a low pressure area would have winds from the east, a place in the east would have northerly winds, and so on. So the meteoiologist was able to predict the winds. A low pleasure area really repre- sented a hollow in the atmosphere, and where the isobars ran close together the sides would be very steep; consequently &nbsp; the change in the temperature would be sudden and disturbing, and storms could be looked for. The cold air rising out of the low pressure areas dissolved the moist air of anti-cyclones, or high-pressure areas, and so when the meteorologist had completed drawing his isobars he, could note the proximity of low and high pres- sure areas. A high, pressure area, was one from which the temperature became &nbsp; &nbsp; lower the further the places were away, and so he could predict rain and floods. With reference to predicting winds round high pressures, the same applied as in the low pressure areas, only the winds swept round with an unti-cockwiso mo- tion. So predicting weather was not such a difficult thing as it seemed. A simple way of telling where high and low areas were was to stand with one's back to the wind, and if one was in the Southern Hemisphere the low pressure areas would be on the right-hand side and the high on the left. If the experiment was made in the Northern Hemisphere the reverse obtained. At the conclusion of his lecture, Mr. Wragge was accorded very warm ap- plause, and he showed a large number who remained later some of the wonders of radium. _  WEATHER WARNING STATIONS To the Editor of ''The Mercury." Sir,-A paragraph appeared in a Mel- bourne paper of tho 17th inst., which stated that. Senator Maughan had re- quested in the Senate that a moro effi- cient system of w-eather-wnrning, sta- tions should be established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast. IIo might have added tho north- ern coast of West; Australia too,' and' asked a few questions about tho obser- vatories on tlio very summits of Mount Wellington and Mount Kosciusko that I started and carried on under most try- ing circumstances. I would ask what lias happened to tho most complete chains of observing stations in Queensland that I personally equipped with the very best instrumente that London can produce when in charge of the Queensland meteorological service; and what about the stations from which I used daily to reçoive data .between Geraldton" and Port Darwin, on the figures from which I used to warn the approach of "willie-willies" in tho north-west in the interests of the pearl- ing fleet? Have they all been broken up ? I read further that Air. Hunt has ''completed arrangements that will make Brisbane an up-to-date meteoro- logical station equipped with instru- ments specially made to suit the north- ern climate." Surely there is sucli a thing as justice in Australia, and in that sacred causo praj- allow mo to speak. Has the best of my life's work gone for nothing? For sixteen j-ears I was hoad of tho Queensland weather service, and during that time I established there (as tho Hon. Robert Philp, a former Promier, fully admitted) a meterological and weather warning system second to none in the world. The Brisbane station was first class in every respect when I had charge. Is all my work, faithfully done to tho last item, to bo negatived, and not a word of credit given in my ad- vancing years? Storms wore warned and forecasts issued by mo that ,vverc verified to 95 per cent, in accuracy, and nob only was this done for Queensland, hut lor every part» of Australasia, as the people will remember. And ali this on nu annual vote of £1.5C0,,as against the £22.0CO (I believe) now expended by the Federal Weather Bureau. Great goodness! what do thej- do with tho money? Tho Koombana went down, and 'so did the Yongala, and not a word of warning was given by the new Federal Weather Bureau, .where have lately been conducted cruelly grotesque ex- periments showing how the latter steamer foundered. Mr. Hunt talks of instruments specially suited to tho northern climate. This is mero '.moon- shine." Standard instruments, such as I employed and personally fixed in posi- tion over the whole of Queensland, in- cluding Capo York Peninsula and the far west, aro available all tho world over, and the sooner the Minister in chaige realises this and asks a few ques- tions the better it will be for a long suffering public and shipping. Lot justice ho done, though tho heavens fall.-Youis, etc., CLEMENT L. AYRACiGIS, F.R.G.S., F.R. Mot. Soo., etc., Late Government Meteorologist of Queensland. Federal Palace Hotel, Melbourne. Sctpember 23. For housework or the laundry, Queen Soap, absolutely pure. 