 NEWS SUMMARY. Don't miss to-morrow's races, at South Murwillumbab. Wodburn voted 16 for Wednesday half -holiday, and 12 for Saturday. Work should commence early in .the New Tear on the Ballina-Booyong rail way. Cheap meat will be available at the Cash Butchery, Coolangatta, during- the Christmas season. Go 'to White's for that Christmas Pre sent. Anything for big or small' at White's on the spot. The poll on the Saturday half-holiday question in Lismore and Bailina, is ex- cifing a lot of attention. Aviator Pickles has Qiad a further ac cident down . the Coast and his trip to Grafton before Christmas? lias been fur ther- postponed. " Boxing Imperial Hall, -to-night. Good programme guaranteed., Wednesday's storm, though, very patchy from the point of view of rain, fall/ was the most brilliant eleetrieal dis play seen locally for some time. - Owing to the continued, scarcity . 01 butter supplies are still; being Teceivcd frbm Victoria. No famine is anticipat ed. as long as shipping space is avail able. - /Every £1 you spend at Jay's -two stoves this month means a 3/ Gift of Croekery, Glassware- or Electro-plate, or you anay take Drapery to tlie same value if you so desire. / The "Freeman's Journal," Dublin, has been suppressed for' publishing state- . ments likely to disaffeet the -.police. The type and vital ' portions of the plant were removed. , ' ... ' A special meeting of the Murwillum- bah Municipal Council called' for Wed nesday afternoon to further discuss elec- - trie iighting matters, lapsed for want of a quorum. , . . / , It will be about a fortnight the final figures are completed for the House -of .Representatives and the Sen ate, ' although 1 the position of . parties will be settled ere that. / Another hotel change is that- of the/ Federal Hotel/- Alstonville. Mr. W. O 'Brien, junr., of Mullunibimby, . has bought this from Mr. J. J. Kelly, who take over Wells'. Hotel, Tweed Heads. Boxing/ Imperial - Hall/ to-night . Good .programme guaranteed. Mr. Lloyd George; -speakmg in , the House of Commons, said that in - order to remedy, the fall of exchange between France and Britain the British Gov orn- rneht had agreed to issue a French loan. In a' southern- court the other day, a prize, lien, the subject of a dispute, was .produced, and she laid "an 1 egg in tlie court. : However, she's not .the first fe male tq lay her domestic., troubles, before a judge. / _ . Several cyclonic storms were reeordea in Queensland on Wednesday, that at Warwick, being the : most severe, -many buildings, including the Anglican Church were unroofted and ;thc damage, is osti, mated at many thousands of pounds./ Owing to a mishap; tne " Daily" miss-;. ed the "line" mails yesterday morning; for the first time for many months. It is anticipa'ted ' that matters will be so ar ranged that this and future issues will not be so delayed. . American reports stating that Italy has been given sovereignty over Fiurne are incorrect. M. Clemenceau and Mr. Lloyd "George have informed the Italian Minister for Foreign Affairs; that -Pre sident Wilson adheres to r -his former standpoint, therefore, the only solution of . the problem „was to hiaker Fiume au tonomous. r" / . _' Boxing Coiitest, Cox v. - Cable, Imperial Hail,,' "to-night/ ' -. The' contemplated split -ih. the Nationa,. - lists ' ranks following on the adoption., of proportional voting, and. the Labor swing . in t-liis State -is possible early in the New Tear. It is conceded t-liat the antl- National vote in' the divisions is mainly due "to the influence of Mr. Holman anu his evident desire to stick, to Mr. Gra- hame despite the wheat . inquiry, disclos- , ures. " . . Boxing Contest, Cox v. Cable, Imperial ; Hall,, to-niglit. - / / / Some people seemed to be disappoint ed that the Wragge's promised' general/ mix-up due to sun storms due on Wed nesday, apart from a thunderstorm did not materialise. Anyhow, early in the morning a rumor was current, that Lis- . more had been laid flat by a cyclone and a huge lot of other damage, including numerous ship-wrecks was also given to the credit or., discredit of.- the sunspot. Handbags, Wallets, Fountain Peiis_ Gift Books, Xmas Stationery and Cards at Moore's, Tlie Value Shop, A Conciliation Committee has arrived/ at an agreement between the .Municipal authorities- and .the Health Inspector's ; Association whereby Murwillumbah will require to pay its Health Inspector £255 ; per annum plus travelling ,oi\ ot-h.er ex penses ..while 011 duty. It also provides; for a fortnight's holidays, annually, on full pay." Bailina and Keinpsey 011 the Coast will pay the saniG. Lismore is to have two inspectors oiie at .£250 and. one , at £240; Cameras.— Kodaks, . Brownies, for Xmas at Moore's, Kodak's expert' agents. '/ The N ew York " Times '. ' W ashington correspondent states that, the Agricul tural 'Committee of the House of Repre sentatives "tabled a resolution to7 repeal tlie war-time prohibition, 'tills de stroying the holies of the anti- proliibi-tioii : - forces. V" The liqror in terests estimate they . will lose 1,500,- 000 dollars because of their inability to dispose 'of the huge liquor stocks before January 16,' 1.920',. when the prohibition. ' amendment comes "into force "for (iama- : ges. Some -hope is helcf quf tliht the Su- ') preme Court may/ declare "against . the. ( , prohibition law. ; , j Extra supplies of Kodak Filmy Plates, . laid Priiitinsf Paners at Moore 's 3 The -.joke of Woodburn on Saturday was the- error made by a well-known La bor enthusiast. Duriiig the morning he was. heard; instructing others how to vote. When lie came out :of the booth he confidentially informed a friend that he had given "three votes to O'Dea, two to Steel, and one to that fellow, Green— and that was one more - than he deserved!" When he woke up to the fact of what he had done he disappear ed from the street,: and was -seen no more; for the rest of f he; day. : ; . Novelty Folding . ' View Cards (12 views), procurable only at Moore's. : - A 'fire occurred on Tuesday -night in tlie cargo on the Boonah at Albert Docks chiefly among war material captured from the Germans. This was burning strongly at mid-night. The vessel was due to proceed to Hull, on. Wednesday. There have been recent outbreak 011 Ger man liners, for example on 'the Swaliop- mund and Hubertus also on 'the ex-German raider Dekalb, in America, and the Cape Verdo in the Thames last week loading; for Australia. These are at tracting suspicion as being organised in cendiarism. . . No need to argue, Moore's is the place for toys. Responsibility for any artiele in this issue required to be signed in accord ance with the Commonwealth Act is taken : bv W. . Baker Qmen Street, M'ur-' willumbah. .  Mr. Clement Wragge - AN OFFER FROM QUEENSLAND. Mr. dement Wragge, the eminent nssterologdet, who delivered an address in the School of Aria last night, and who will lecture again this ( evening, has been asked 'to -inaugurate a new meterological service in -North Queens land. He has v been- lecturing- now for about eleven years. Dining (that time he has bee: all through India (where' he lectured under the auspices of th'e Viceroy i connection with the Educa tional! Department and the Indian Government) and England. Sine# that occasion he has been all 'through New Zealand; and different Parts of Austra lia." Hie present tour commenced at Hobart, and is planned to extend all along the coast, -from1 Gooktown, to Thursday Island.. The main reason for his visit to Queensland is that he is 1 in receipt of -a cablegram from Towno- ville, asking Mm. to iaaugurahe a new m aflornl nrvloal OAwaloa j. \T An li h r\ . . .M A - - V «vvyv !IV» 1U xtuiuu vuegiiv- land for . ths warning of hurricanes.- The movement to have ; this station- erected was mainly started by the merchant and shipping .community chief of the latter . being the Adelaide : Steamship Company; Limited : (in view of the ; loss, of -, .the . Yongala „ a .few years ago), it . is . understood, that the: N orth Queeneland p eople complain that - they are unable to place reliance' on- the eiiatimg forecasts of the Gommon-/ wealth; Government. The first intima tion of the proposal Mr. //Wragge -re--- eirod was a cablegram/ dated . Janu- isy 23, ; .1914, . which he - received at Birkenhead, Auckland,: New Zealand1/ 'Will you. accept appointment |bhis cyclone- season /Townsville . at-bwenty. pounds per week and fare - paid ? If > o please, state earliest . date you can \eave. Signed,. Marks, Secretary Meteo rological Committee, Townsville.'/ Mr. Wragge answered that, he was unable to - make, the - journey, at that ( particu lar time, because he had already 'en - gagjed a manager; and . made all , other arrangements. &lt;in Tasmania -for a lectur ing t'our In that " island,/ but as he could not accept in time /to observe the last hurricane season- he hoppd tto be able .to.be at Townsville.next June to ' discuss, matters for-, the Xnext? hurrL cane.' His: tour -has tjeen nicely plan ned, and he. will be- in Townsville at- a date satisfaefcory to ".ail partiee; . Two cases of ' scarlet fever, at "pre sent in the Tweed District - Hospital , have been reported to the 'local auth orities. /, , \ 