 "How the Sun brings Rain and Drought." (By Clement Wragge.) Australia has a greater interest than perhaps any other country to the scientists. No other .part of the/world answers so quickly to the changing moods of the sun. it is a greac scientmc irutn tnat good and bad seasons in Australia depend mainly upon the-changing moods of the sun,' that follow each other in regular cycle. Birth of the Sun.' — The sun, great at he sems, is only a second rate variable star. Billions bf years ago he was born — sloughed off with others of his set from the main body of cosmic gases in this wonderful universe, in turn the sun gave birth to the Dinners or worlds, that form this tiny solar system, Mercury, Venus, the Earth, Mars, the Asteroids, Jupiter, San turn, Uranus, and' Neptune. The sun himself is only one of millions of other suns, some far better than himself. With them he helps to make up the Milky Way. The sun ac companied by the Solar. System is travelling on an unknown or? bit at the rate of 291 miles a minute, or 153 millions of miles a year along the Milky Way. In mass the sun is 330,000 times greater than the earth. In bulk 'he is 1,300,000 bigger. His dia meter is more than 860000 miles. He weighs 2 octillions of tons. The Sun with all his planets are but puny grains of luminous dust when cotiipared with the myriads of other suns. Only "a very small fraction of the sun's energy reaches us. - With this he made the hills and valleys ; with this he' divided the land arid sea, and filled each with every form of life. His rays paint the flowers and the butterflies' wings. They produce the gentle zephyrs or the strong gale. They play with the mists and fogs the dews and the rains.. The sun brings us our times' of drought and plenty, bur poverty and wealth, our sickness and health, our gladness and sor row. The sun being a second-class variable star, is subject to times of activity and times of compara- rest. The time from the quiet to the active mood is about three- and-a-half (3.52) years, and from 'the active to the next quiet mood about seven and a half (7.55) years During the suns period of great activity more and more of the suri- spots are observed, and during the times of comparative Test fewer, if any of them. The sun-spots are gigantic hurricanes, piercing, tearing, and ripping through the sun's three main atmospheres, with an energy of which the human mind cannot form the faintest conception. They are the centres of solar cyclone, and in the "hollows" formed by these this earth would lie like a pebble in the crater of the greatest vol cano. And as fire smoke and molten lava burst from volcano craters, so on, the sun's surface great red flames and storms affect the earth, though at a distance of 92,000,000 miles. Birth of the /earth. — The earth was thrown off from the sun in the state of a white heat, much as a emery wheel throws off a spark. That was 230 millions of years ago, if you strike the aver age betweeri astronomical & geo logical research. At once the earth began to cool off, and grad ually to solidify. About 30 million of years later the earth threw off te moon. At that time the earth was still hot and steaming, and was turning around on its axis once every three hours instead of once every .24 hours. All through these ages the earth gave its heat into space and cooled all the quicker, because at subh times it got less energy from the i sun. When the earth had cooled enough there came in turn all forms of vegetable, animal, and human life. The earth will go on cooling and contracting, and at length become lifeless as the moon now is. There is, however energy enough left to support life for .thousands of years to come. . When the sun is in one of its quiet mobds, there are few sun- spots, so of course it has not been sending forth as much heat and energy as formerly. The result is the earth has been cooling down more quickly. You know what happens if you. cool a hot stove too quickly by spilling cold water on it— it cracks. So too'the earth cooled so quickly in 1902 that it- cracked in places and, shook and spluttered.' When it shoox we had earthquakes, and tidal waves (The volcano disturbances in the West Indies, e.g., Martinique and St Vincent); when it spluttered we had hot springs exploding and volcanos active (the great physi cal excitement in the hot' lakes district); wheii it cracked, the sea was probably let into the fiery depths of the earth, and probably caused the Martinique disas ter. This also caused the seasons of drought andj the wonderful dis plays. of. the Southern lights. Needless then to say the Sun- spots affect the atmosphere. The weather depends upon the the atmosphere, and the atmosphere, being the lightest part of the earth, is affected by the sun more easily than any other part. On September 1st, 1859, Mr Car- Hngton, an astronomer, was watching the sun through his "smoked" telescope, when he saw a great flame that seemed to shoot across the dark centre of one of cyclonic sun-spots. In the twin kling of an eye, fearful magnetic disturbances occured on this planet — as though the sun and earth were connected by a short distance telephone. Magnificent displays of aurora burst forth from the polar latitudes in each hemisphere of earth. The whole electric condition of this little globe was affected. Magneto- graphs in the observatories were voilently agitated ; telegraphic operators in tne United States were thrown off their chairs with the shock ; and in Norway and Sweden electric instruments were positively ruined. For a few hours between Oc tober 30th and November 1st of 1903, beautiful displays of Aurora Australis were observed in the southern parts of Australia and Tasmania, telegraphic coinuni- cation with France was suddenly cut off, and in the Melbourne ob servatory all the magic instru ments were disturbed. And these things were caused by the great red hydrogen flame, which began then to leap higher and higher from the sun. The sun has 'now passed his time of quiet, and is increasing in energy. (Oct 1904). The atmosphere, and conse quently the weather, are bound to change in response to the changing moods of the sun (e.g. For example the late Australian drought was a distinct result of the late period of minimum' en ergy of the Sun. And the pres ent good season, with' the rains, is the direct result of the Sun's now increasing activity, assisted by other factors of less iinpor- tance. > The sun's moods influence the whole earth! from pole to pole. Some countries, by reason of their geographical position, . respond more readily than others to the sun's changing condition— Aus tralia is one them. It is mainly a question of latitude combined with physical features, such as mountains, rivers, lakes and seas'. In the Southern Hemisphere there is about five times as much water, and about one-fiftth as much land as in the Northern Hemisphere — and these great masses of water simplify the sun's influence on our atmosphere. South of the" equator Australia is more sensi-. tive than any other country South Africa is also very re sponsive: Some countries, such asl the West of England, are so placed that they have almost always plenty of rain. That is due to circumstances easily' un derstood. Take New . Zealand, its distinguishing feature is the great Alpine range, which acts as a condenser for the vapours of the Antarctic disturbances. But Central Australia has no such mountains to interfere with the direct, influence of the changing solar moods ; and so the sun's moods are answerable more par ticularly and directly for Aus tralia's wonderful climatic changes from drought to rains and floods. The drought comes when the sun has least energy, because at that time it really gives off less heat to the earth— although in dry air that heat may seem scor ching at the earth's surface, as. in the case of. , hot winds; then the earth cools down by giving oft its heat into the atmosphere. This heat, passing in quivering waves upward through the air, absorbs the vapours in the upper atmo sphere, and holds them in an invisible steatriy state. Had it not been for that, greater cold would have prevailed far aloft and the moisture would have fallen in the shape of rain. When the sun is doing his greatest amount of work the sun-spots or dark storm centres re-appear and ' increase in size and number. The larger ones can be seen through an opera-glass, or with the naked eye, using smokedglasses. Special instruments show the red flames, of hydrogen writhing and twist ing and leaping upwards. Some times the flames leap 60,000 miles to 160, Q00 miles from the sun's edge. During this period his energies increase, and the earth is responding, , drinking in, and saving up the electric and mag-, netic vitalising energies. The earth's atmosphere is also affec ted. The moisture is no longer held in suspension by excess of radiated heat. The rainfall in-, creases, because cold atmospheric Currents aloft condenser the va pour by increased action and re action Mn the air under the in crease of solar energy. Then the water holes fill, the rivers flow,, and vegetation revive and har vests abound. The sun takes about 3% years to get from the time of its lowest energies to its highest, and then the opposite gradually begins, Good seasons in 1903 to 1907, In 1912 or 13 theoppositecli- max will be reached. As the sun is more active now than it has been for some years, the ice in the south polar region will break up on a greatey scale, and drift into lower latitudes than before. The meetings of these iceburgs will greatly affect the weather conditions all through the Sou thern parts of Australia speaking broa dly, the rainfall will be much greater, and the tempera ture a little more even with less extremes of 'heat and cold than during recent years. - 