 Fpersoag b a phsT : - ? Sir William Lyne continues his greai fight against fearful odds (records an Eastern journal.) ' Recently he had made sufficient . progress to be shifted from 'the WarngaL Glub, where rie toou ill, 1 to a . 'private' . hospital. His pro gress', towards recovery is being main tained, and; his medical advisers hope that, there may yet be many years be- forc hub.; As far as politics are con cerned, howevur, Sir William is dona with them... His recovery could not in any circumstances be so complete as to enable him even to speak in Parlia ment again. The Sydney ' Newsletter " darkly hints tliat' a political divorce, case is on the tapis. , " The facts (it says) are j well known in Australian .political cir cles, but it appears to be thought the | correct thing not to bring the matter I n r in -pn-rl in merit,, but leave the work of exposing wrongdoing to the Press. The Australian politician involved was supposed among his immediate friends to" be something of a Simon Pure, but they were greatly surprised wlten it was found that he had robbed another man of his wife — that man being one who -had; had; political business with him, and had frilly trusted him."- ; Clement Wr'agge, writing from -some where in /Victoria to the " West Aus tralian," ! declares that if his Central Weatheri; Bureau at Brisbane had still been in existence " three days' warn- | ing at -least , would have been given of the recent cyclone, in the Nor'-West of Australia." If -tliat is so — and Wragge (fcr all hi3 eccentricities of expression) has shown himself lengths ahead of any other weather , prophet in the Commonwealth — that Bureau should j be resuscitated by the Federal Govern ment without a moment's- delay. Ac cording ;to Wragge, it was shut . .'down by Queensland merely. on the score- 'of .'expense. . ; --.'f. ' ' A farmer well-known to nearly ev-. eryone. in and around Goomalling paid a visit / to ' that town last Friday (says the " Northern Advertiser,") and ' when he had .finished his business he left for | home, leaving behind. "him his ... coat I where he had tied his horse and sulky | up. On . 'tlie./ way home he' missed his coat, and thought to himself "It's gone." Monday inorning a man passed Iris farm on the way to town, and he stated, the loss to him, and told him life had some idea that" he left the 'coat where he . tied the horse up near the post office. -.. On the man going to -, the spot named, there was the coat sure enough, and in the pockets -of , that j coat- were- a ,ten-pound 'nbte, a cheqrie book, and, some valuable . letters and papere." / '. , ' - . ' ' Dealing with ex-President Roosevelt's decision to have another try. for the. latchkey of he'- White ' House, the San Francisco "Argonaut" tells the fol lowing story Early in 1908, when Colqnel Roosevelt was more or ' less .considering the -project; of his riomina- | tion for a' third term, a' - Democrat conspicuous in national politics and a close friend v of ' the .then President, said to him in the White House : ' Theodore, you could .probably bring about your own nomination by the party, for a third term, but it is my' judgment that you could - not carry -a single state in tlieUnion.' . VI be lieve you are right/ replied the Colonel. We are not able to see that the situa tion has materially changed. We/doubt1 if any man running for a third ' term in the" presidential office in contempt, of the jradition and practice of more tharj a century could carry any state in/the Union."/- / . : Few people' . are -aware that' the widow ! of . Adrim .Lindsay. ; Gordon- ' ! is still alive (says a ' Melbourne ,_paper) . ' A Scotch, lady/born in Glasgow, she -is small of stature, but as allert, brisk' and cheerful -ris m'a'riy" woirien only half her age" Her father was a baker in Mel bourne. When lie closed up his. shop, he accepted a, billet on a station near Robe, in South /Australia. - Here in 1863 Miss Peak met Gordon; who was taking . a string of racehorses .round the' Mount VGambier district'.- The, en gagement lasted .12 months, : and im mediately after riiamage, Gordon/ who had just : inherited £7000 from liis inother, stood for Parliament. Gor don lost money in racing, and. became afflicted ( with melancholy owing to,, a' succession of bad falls when riding in steeplechases. Then, ' years after his death, Mrs; Gordon was foolishly per suaded to sell the copyright of- his bqoks for av very small sum. Conse quently she has had none; of the . ad vantage which lias followed -the' public favor since displayed for Gordon's, ' works', /, . From Melbourne " Table' Talk " Sir,- Cornthw'aite- Rason, ex-' Prenjier of W.A.- and prospective Unionist candidate .for York, is a. man of- literary tendencies. In the rough, and tumble of Wcstralian politics he used to make speeches which were rather too classic ' for luc iuuuuii uemocraLic atmospnera about him. However, he raised himself, to the Premiership without- a perceptible effort. Rason's literary tendencies may exist,' though they were not . manifested in, this country, but to talk as ,if the Premiership fell into his mouth, , like a ripe plum, is the reverse of fact.' No man .in the public life of this State ever had a harder struggle to attain Ministerial office than Rason, a good ten years of whose " outpost duty for the Empire " in tliis part ' of the world were a desperate struggle against duns and judgment summonses. That he won through in the end' was little, short of miraculous to those who knew the desperate' straits he ' was so fre quently in. , .. . The late Cardinal Moran, according to tho Sydney " Bookfellow," was a distinguished ecclesiastic but a., poor authority on poetry. He didn't even /know the number of lines that must go to a sonnet. Cardinal Moran was presiding over a gathering of the faithful to commemorate a Jubilee of the Church, and was reciting 'tributes of congratulation from all the world. "And now," he said, " I have here a sonnet by that nota ble Irish poet, /Aubrey de Vere. It is a very short sonnet, consisting only of " — (sotto voce, " one, two, three ") — "t consisting only of - six teen — no, of, fourteen lines ; so that > | evep at this late hour I may read it. to you." Among the audience was the sonnet-writer who reportec the incident. His fait-h in the in fallibility of the Church has ever since been diminished by two lines. Reminds , us that a one-time member of this staff, who could pen a capital parody and turn out really merito rious jingle at times, once came to light with an " In Memoriain " tri bute to Dr. Lyhane .in the shape of a seventeen line " Sonnet." And we were never sure that ho quite forgave us forAa.-.dospGrate-attempt-to rotyrito- it according to accepted .plans -and specifications. s , , , , ;.j j ,4 . a- " Northern Advertiser believes Col lier to be thfe ." soundest man in the Ministry,"- and congratulates the min- ers having : their interests in his hands, ""instead of in those of the rashly impetuous i\lr. Johnspn or the feebly indifferent Ntr. Bath." . Certain ly, taking the testimony of foes and friends alike,, the member for Boulder seems to have created a better im pression in (and of) his administrative capacity than any other member of the team. He can say NO more effecti vely than any of his colleagues, too, when any attempt is made to impose on him. Why did tho " Miner " blue-pencil that reply of Collier's to the Ora Banditti who wanted the State to supply "them with > a battery. Bald-headed, with neatly trimmed beard (white and brown) . and dressed in a suit of blue, a -witness gave evi- dence in the Warden's Court on Tues day (says the " Murchfbon Times."), He kept the- Court laughing, and even tho Warden (Mr. Lang) himself could , not refuse to relax occasionally into a smile. It was none- other than Owen. Daly, better known here as Micky the Priest," a man who was rioted in v the early days of Cue, and who, ciown at the lUamJand, made a tor- tune of £30,000. Like most of the other pioneers, lie is now short of this world's currency and up against the hard things of life. v Robert' Philp, M.L.A. for Towns- ville, and ex-Premier of Queensland, in terviewed at Fremantle last week on his way home for a trip, predicted a majority of about 16 for the Den'iam Government at the general elections. " The Labor Party," saicl Philip "have never yet been in a majority in our State Assembly, and I don't think they ever will be . I think our people are heartily sick of them, after their/ recent five or six weeks' experience . of ' . the practical application of Socialism." / The Hon. Robert was born at Glas- gow, a trifle over' 60 years ago, and t hasn't seen liis native land for half a century. He has held half a dozen . different portfolios, at one time and another, and his recreation, according to " Who's Who," is cricket. Tlios. Burgoyrie, . a South Oss. legislator, was recently called by the Adelaide Labor daily " that aged be trayer ,of progressive Liberalism." Whereupon Thos. in a letter to the of fending newspaper : . ' . //. That I am aged i3 true, nnfi per- haps it is well for the writer that .... . i age , (brings ' calmness and in-/', difference, to /insolent abuse which; youth," could not tolerate.- - The ".Herald " " apologises to tlie' ex-; / Lent, of .assuring the incensed veteran'/ -that it was only his public x career : r ithat was being dealt with, and that :-; " the word' 'aged was not used in an' .' oEensive way." It would -be interest- , ing to know in what other sense it is. capable of being used, when harnessed to a substantive like " betrayer." This- is a. true story. When Charlie. Frazer, the P.M. G., was recently iri . these parts, ho received a cablegram from a Melbourne friend, now 'in 'Lon don, which ran , as follows:—' "Bullfinch Moreing and Neil landless." . Charlie pored oyer it for a long time, and then, took it to a Hannan-street broker. '' " It's a smart chap who sent that," .He said, " and 'here's probably a good sbareinarket tip in it, but I Can't make head or tail of it." The broker smiled pitingly. ' "Did you never hear of Moreing and Neil's code ?" he asked. The man who is at the iiao'l of the telegraph business of the Com- mpnwealth/ and /who is generally re presented as being an courarit with the . latest discoveries of Edison and Mar- ' coni, frankly - admitted that h8 never had. The /broker .snorted and grabbed a book from his office shelf. How ever, it turned' out' that "(landless" only meant, " Can you find but anything reliable about . the mine ?" or some thing to that effect, so that naithe:: the politician nor tha bull-arid-bcar bloke are>any -the batter off for the cable. ' . . \ / "r In the time pf;; the 'Wilson ("Govern ment" J. D. Connolly, then Colonial Secretary, bought a Kimberley run with tho .-idea of establishing a sort-/ of native reservation. . He gave in structions. ..that- t)ie, blacks were to be allowed to use' the run as a camping ground," given an occasional bullock when game was scarce, and' in all | re spects to be -treated kindly.. The ;. vo- suit of- tlje. experience is disclosed in the annual report of the- Aborigines De partment., Although 300 wild blacks are. - often ,camped( near the homestead, cattle:spearing has entirely ceased. " No depredations have been com mitted by the natives, among our own ' herd or these surrounding us,", reports the "Protector. From which it is .to -be seeri that it pays to treat the na tive" as a human being. Connolly, by the way, is as riiuch underrated as t-lio . O'Loghlens and Troys are praised be yond, their merits; There must have i-ccti mumiiinuauiYc aumty lu tui; LjJicu man who started (the immigrants' Home, ppened -up Rottnest, as a plea sure resort, established tlie. isla nd sys tem of Lock hospitals for natives, . and .initiated tho policy of kindness to .the blacks. . 