 WRAGGE WEATHER. Beware of Hector/' I lie following special advice and fore cast has been received from .Air. Clement Y\ rugge, dated .Macclesfield. -June 2, 6 p.m.: —"The Antarctic disturbance "Aeneas' first mentioned in our advice of May 11, -when, he was to the westward of Kergueleti : Island, ran the easting down in high lati-| tudes. skirting the high pressures like an eddy on a back water of the .Murray. Dur ing bis passage he developed overlapping tongues of Antarctic vapors, which were condensed' into coastal rain by the anti cyclonic isobars. ' After rounding Cape Pillar, and as was the ease with 'Anehises,' his northern side became fused with a little tropical isolwrie loop, and caused the climax that mainly pr&lt;ilueed a renewal of floods in Mew South Wales (especially in the Monaro. Chrydir, Ttobertson, and Wer riwa districts), thus interfering to an ex tent with election business, and fully veri fying our forecast issued on May 20 at Broken Hill. If renders will kindly refer to our long advice published on May 13. none can say lint that it has been amply verified, especially with regard to the States, at " " eastern States, and shipping will hear full testimony. The weather chart of May 31 is wrongly delineated over south-eastern Australia, and liy no process of reasoning can the recent cold rains and wintry south east gale on the Victorian coast he termed "monsoonal,-" especially as the sun is Hear ing the Tropic of Cancer. Looking now to tlie future the Antarctic disturbance named 'Hector' is over the forties south from the Croat Bight. As soon as lie rounds Tasmania, and Cabo. and becomes free from the influence of the land'Hector' will most probably develop an extension in tongue-like form, down the Mew South Wales coast into lower latitudes. This will produce a renewal of misty so nth - westerlv to southerly weather with more rain south from Trial Bay. and strong westerlies at Brisbane. The Victorian and Tasmaniaii coasts may also expect another "'doing,' and our warning is given accord ingly. - * Priam" and 'Hecuba' will follow -Hec tor' in course, and wo have reason to believe that'ere -Tunc expires the inland districts of South Australia will expe rience useful intervening rains that will mainlv he caused by lunar tides impelling the Antarctic disturbance. But time proves all things, and we shall see! .'Hec tor will affect Hew Zealan'd within twelve davs, and Wellington and Cook's Straits especially will have cause to remember him. Thus the Dominion is hereby spe cially advised, and shipping cannot he too careful.'' '  ANUH3SES AM) HIS SON. ME. WBAGGE PEOMISBS RAIN. Writing from Morgan cm Sunday even ing, Mr. Clement L. Wragge says:— "Briefly surveying meteorological affairs to-night, we find that disturbance Tro jan' (first "warned an April 28). having fiddled properly off the coasts of the eastern. States, and played harvoc with the steamers St. AThan« and Burwah, is still carousing over tie Tasman Sea, | and very seriously threatening New Zea land. Lord Howe Lsland will long re member him. In fact the Dominion, as we write, will be under the influence of his sinister umbra. It is as if old Troy were making a big stand against the le gions of the crafty Greek; and old Father Anclrises, still awaiting his opportunity off the Leenwin, means to have a good finger in the pie. He will be followed by the doughty iEneas which, basmg our calculations on rhythmic and har monic law, should now be running the , easting down in the neighborhood of Kerguelen Island. But -people are more i immediately concerned with Anchiees. Well, he is coming—make no mistake I about it—and judging from the contour ing of the anti-cyclonic or high pres sure isobars, he looks more promising with respect to rain than when wc first gave notice of his existence five days ago. Captains bound west will have to face the music to a dead certainty, and will encounter heavy northerlies to westerlies, especially in higher latitudes, and thereafter the winds will shift to south-west and south and blow great guns, particularly south from the for tieth parallel. Now mark—and we very urgently advise the eastern States—the conditions just intimated will especially affect Melbourne and Southern Victoria, the whole of Tasmania, Sydney, and 1 the entire coast of New South Wales. Brisbane will get heavy westerlies. Not only so, but a renewal of heavy weather ic as sure as God made apples over the Tasntan Sea and New Zealand, and all this before May expires. It onJy re mains for the present wall of high pre^sure to give way—as yield it must— and then look out for squalls and the prowest- of Anchises. More rain will probably fall in South Australia than was at first expected, and the eastern States will have enough of it ere the time Emit expires. lamar tides impell ing Anchises will be a prominent fee tor, yet all this notwithstanding the pre sent year should show an under average rainfall, especially in inland paite. in accordance with our published seasonal forecasts, bat not so tad ae 1912. The public will please remember that these advices are based on our own isolated observations and travelling instruments, combined with long experience in meteo rological diagnosis, and. on a survey at the daily weather chants which have fre quently an erroneous contouring and which have to be corrected. Had we the data and instruments possessed by the present Weather Bureau, ninety-nine out of every hundred daily forecasts would be correct, and at less than half the pre sent official cost Such is a fact."  ADVICE AMD FORECAST. I * | LOOK OUT FOR ULYSSES. I Petersburg, April 1. I Mr. Clement Wragge issued this fore cast t'o-day: "Having just one spare evening .in the quiet of our bedroom, surrounded by n cyclone of papers, instruments, literature scattered all over-, the floor, I have de termined-to utilise it by having a general look round upon the impending weather conditions of Australasia. Imprimis, the great; Antarctic disturbance named j 'Ulysses ' is about 500 miles south-west i from Albany. That he looks vicious is to I put it mildly. Within the time assigned in my forecast published on March 27 he will influence the area of the Great Bight and sweep thereafter in majesty i towards the eastern States. His eastern umbra is, however, running a day late, having been blocked by the western iso bars of the high pressures which acted much as the cushion of a billiard table repels the ball. 'Ulysses' will mainly operate between -the parallels of 37 and 50 degrees, but his eastern and northern edges will cause warmer weather in South Australia, under winds from between north east, north, north-west, and west, with occasional nasty local blows and foxy dust spinnies, by which hats will go flying to leeward and opportunities oc-cur for snap shots in the streets. These conditions will also affect Victoria, Tasmania, and southern New South Wales in turn as the disturbance passes eastward, and thereafter the winds will shift to south-west and south, followed in course generally by more bleak weather and rain as the baro ;meter3 begin to rise again. Sydney and ' the region thence to Gabo, Hobart, and Melbourne will get another good 'doing' before twelve days from this date have elapsed, and thus ample warning is given to passengers and shipping. 'Ulysses' will reach New Zealand before April 15, and he is expected to renew the floods and rains in the South Island and elsewhere. Thus the Dominion is warned. The wes tern half of 'Agamemnon' caused the re cent deluge south from Dunedin and the bad weather in Cooks Strait, and even ysb this lastnamed disturbance has not cease'd to influence Maoriland. "Surveying now the far north-west, the monsoon named 'Anan' (having already caused heavy rain and a lot of bother north from Geraldton) is still much in evidence. Local willy-willies are yet likely under his sway and shipping in those parts cannot be too careful. Later, on 'Anan' will push his way inland and _ cause a renewal r.f muggy swelter, especially in the northern, parts of South Australia, with probable electric storms. Queensland will enjoy charming weather and we see nothing at present to threaten that State. "One last glance at 'Ulysses' because we are immediatelv concerned in his advent. Remember, good people, he is coming au-,1 is bound to affect you more or less. Not only eo. He will probably be followed by a satellite or loon' named 'Sinon,' after the perjurer of the Trojan war. with a lot of coastal rains. So April will witness a merry time, and those in harmony with Mature will relish it like a mollyhnwk en joying titbits from the pantry. _ Pax vo biscum! Let readers study Vii-gil. and the Iliad of Homer."  A WAKNING- TO SHIPPING' ..HIGH OPERA" HOUND THE OOA.-ii WHEN "DIMON" COJiES ALONG. Mr- Clement L. Wragge has further ter rors in store for the people of South Aus tralia when his fearsome storm "Pinto" .has passed onite away. late last night he issued the following picturesque forecast of the, weather for the next week or so:- ? '"The energetic disturbance 'Pluto' will now affect the entire region between Syd ney, Gabo Island. Tasmania, and New Zea land, and Adelaide will lcive liner weather under the gradual approach of relatively higher pressure. Yet 'Agamemnon" is looming up over oceanic areas south-west from the Leeuwin, and will surely afiect this fair State later on. as already advised. An ugly-looking mdnsoonal depression, . named 'Dimon'" is hanging off the north-/ west coast north from Shark Bay, and we! would earnestly caution shipping in that locality to be on -the alert. He will pro bably affect also the Northern Territory with rain and generally enervating con ditions, and may later send a tongue or extension into central Australia. If 'Agamemnon' and "Dimon' ultimately coalesce, as seems not improbable, electric disturbance is sure /to result. In fact ere a fortnight has elapsed, we expect that high opera will be in progress around the sicks and segments of .. the anti-cyclonic and, cyclonic systems. iconic people imagine that meteorology is a study dry as dust. It is nothing of the sort, it is all music from bass to ttible,- as the winds sweep in [ rhythm round the contouring and gra- | dients of the isobars. Moj*e anon." 1  PEOPHET OF EVIL. SOMB .MORE WUAGCHv DIS TURBANCES. ANOTHER MONSOON LOOMING UP. , Mr. Clement- L. VVraggc. issued fbe fol io wing ?roreciust on Wednesday:-"Anti" cyclonic, or iiigh pressure, is now lit liuencing South Anstralia. and for a tima urn; weather will improve, such condition* making easting. Yet'.the coasts of Victoria and i\e»- South Wales, including Sydney, will shortly experience more nasty south? erlies and rough seas, with further iaia squaD.s. so let shipping and passengers hf:' seat take heed. Within ten days from dat3. vbe antarctic disturbance named 'Ulysses,'; now slowly'approaching the Lueiwin,, will - affect mote or less oil southern parts ol ttie Commonwealth. Aw his ugly eastern umbra advances the winds will pet in frwtt north-east, with an increase of tempera ture, and shift to north-west and wescx. and a renewal &lt;>f weird elond pictures anti local dust blows, followed by more raia and south-westerly squalls. A new and; suspicions looking wonsoonal disturbance named ' Anan' is between Shark Bay and -lava, and we by no means like tbe pros* . pect in uhe neighborhood of Cossack an! the far north-west of Australia. The mon soon 'TekeP will cause more disturbance and rain in Queensland, and, looking At afTaii-s all round, we expect a-tine ektra vaganza 'torn piping treble tiirongh diiicet alto to idling bass within or during the period before stated. Li is all music, iny masters' The sweetest music. 'Ulysses* is likely to play high jinks in Maorilanil I before a fortnight ha- g.)'ne by, and also over the TuPoiau Sea. preceded, however, I by temporarily finer weather as the high | pressures surge in swinging i-ytlim eas{&lt; 