 Mr. Wragge's Forecast. ii, Mr. Clement Wragge, F.ILG.S , Iwrote on April 19, 1915, from Birken-' head, Auckland (N.Z.) that the fol lowing were his forecasts of of Aus tralian seasons 1913, to 1930, based on the nhvsical conditions of the sun tlie astronomical positious of the moon; and periodical swing of luuar declination and planetary perturbat ion operated by etheric or wireless waves "Daring 1913-14. and part of 1015 the rainfall, takiug Australia as a whole, will be under average. This by no means implies that there will be no rain ; ou the coutrary, good intervening rainR will occur, largely due to lunar tides, and the last part of this period will be better, than- the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards the rainfall will mark edly, increase, and from 1916 to 1920 inclusive, the seasons will be distinct- : ly good, with abuudaut precipitation, but slightly lessened by lunar in fluences. After 1920 the rainfall will begin steadily to fall off, and the worst of the next great under average : period will be in 1.923 aud 1924, and Australians will be justified in calling it a drought. In 1925 matters will : again begiu to improve, aud good' seasons will prevail from . 1926 to 1930,. inclusive. Throughout will the moon and planetary perturbations exercise a modifying influence. The .periodirom. the end of 1930 to 1935 has not yet been calculated. Herein have I giveu ray very best.. -I was not very far out in my seasonal fore casts 1901 to 1912, and I conscien--' tiously believe that the others will be . verified to a considerable percentage pf accuracy also." . I Our Cattle Attracts Them— A J firm of Auctioneers who are in a large way of business and specialise to a great extent in cattle are ex pected to shortly open a branch at Macksville. Cyclone at Macksville— Coonan's Fashion Emporium was right in the ! centre of the disturbance, and. prices have been knocked down ."regardless of cost, the storm sale is still raging. A Costly Shout — -A man who was fined for drunkenness at New castle. Police Court stated that he had drawn £10 due as wages and had spent the whole amount within four hcurs "in booze by shouting for a lot of drunks.'' Missabotti School.— In reply to representations he has made in rela tion to the necessity for the erection of a new school buildinsr at Missa- botti, Mr. H. D. Morton, M.L.A., has been informed that the Depart ment's Architect has been instructed to prepare plans andjspecifications for a new building with a view to the invitation of teuders at an early date. This Beats the Nambucca— Mr. T. A. Frearson, Shire Clerk of Win- douran, reported to. his Council last month that there were no arrears of rates at the commencement of the year, and that he was again able, for the eleventh year in succession, to report that the whole of the rates and rents for the current year had -been collected. ' 1 Lodge Doctors.— Victorian Medie co's who. are now ou strike hav- offered the following terms to the -Lodges: a minimum payment for medical attendance only at the' rate of £1 per annum per member in Melbourne, Ballarat, Bendigo, and Geelong, and £1 6s. in other places. It also provided for au income limit in respect to those who might join the societies subsequently, the limit being £4 per week on joining, and, any having joined, passing the limit of £6 per week would become ineligible. New Air Gas Plant— Mr. Robert Melvin, of MacleaD, Clarence River, has invented a. simple attachment to 'convert existing acetylene plants into airrgas without trouble. The new apparatus has no weight, no engine or machinery being required, and sufficient gas cnu be made by a hoy of 10 for a night's supply for. ;a household in a very, short while. The gas produced can also be used for lighting, cooking, aud heating, and is non-explosive ; the cosi of installa tion is small, and the cost of . mainten ance one-third that of carbide. An Astounding Assertion. -Mri Marion, secretary of the N.S.W. Alliance, told the people' of Manly last week how the huge debt arising out of war expenditure could be paid. He .said that , it had been estimated that by June next our war expendi ture will have reached £51 4.000.-000. _ 7 — w wwj y j and that the interest charge on this would be over £8,000,000 per annum. It would probably astonish, tliem to know that the drink bill of this State alone in a : normal year was equal to that total interest charge. " In Aus tralia," declared Mr. Marion, " since the war began fully £70,000,00.0 have been wasted on alcohol." Two hundred Stings on the Face. — A man named Hartley, a resident of Darke.'s. Forest, was savagely attacked by swarms : of bees/and sustained injuries necessita- tiuff his removal to the Ula'warra Cottage Hospital. Hartley had pur chased three hives of bees from Mr. P. J. Garrack, of Clifton, and had put the boxes in his cart with the in tention of taking them home. When crossing the railway line near the old Clifton railway station, a number of bees got out aud attacked the horse, which bolted, causing still more bees to joiu in the attack upon Hartley and the horse. Several residents who witnessed the incident succeeded in bringing the horse to a standstill and rescuing Hartley. It is estima ted that upwards of 200 stings were withdrawn from Hartley's face. Soldiers' Superstitions. — The most generally-accepted superstition among soldiers is that of the danger of using one match to light three cigarettes. It is a crime almost for anyone to light the cigarettes of two companions with the match he has ijust usea to ngnt ms own. xne reason, it is said, is that such action means the speedy death of one, if not all three of the group. In proof many stories are told, but one in particular. A group of men were billeted in a house far back from the battle -line. There had not been a shell dropped in the village for several weeks. A recruit suddenly passed a box of cigarettes among his. newly-found friends. . He struck a match, and before any of the group had realised it, three cigarettes had been lighted. When it dawned on the group what had occurred there was a deep silence for fully a minute. The offender, on being reproved, tried to laugh his fears away, but he .couldn't.. Two hours later the first shell in. a week struck the billet, and, the lighter of the three cigarettes with the one match was killed instantly.  Splendid Rain. NORTH COAST BENEFITS. After a long spell of dry weather, the northern coastal regions have now received beneficial falls. Unfortun ately Macksville has not been regard. ed as a place where people want to know anything about the weather. In other towns the weather report from different centres is put up at the post office every morning; but the residents of Macksville have hither r to been content with a ''wheelbar row'' service iu this direetiou. Per haps the Chamber of Commerce might bo able to briug things a a little more- up to date. However, it is pleasant to report that this and adiacent districts have benefitted bv the change, as follows : Macksville ... 185 points Bowraville ...... 145 ,, Nambucca Heads 208 ,, Valla ... ... 200 ,, Kempsey, ... ... 190 ,, Sydney Thursday. — Excellent rain has fallen on the North Coast, and will prove of great benefit in dairy ing districts. Some discussion frequently occurs regarding Mr. Wragge's forecast made some years ago. Here it is: — "During 1914, 5 5 said Mr. Wraggp. at the time stated, "the . raiufall will be under the average. This by no means implies that there will be no tain. On the coutra'ry, good inter vening rains will occur, and the last part of this period will be better than the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards, the rainfall will | markedly increase, and from 1916 to 1920 inclusive, the seasons will be distinctly good, with abundant - pre- cipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to steadily fall off, and the worst part of the next great 'under average' period .will be 1923. and-1924. Australians will be justi fied in calliug that a drought. In 1925 matters will begiu to improve, aud goorl seasous will prevail from 1925 to 19,30.'' These forecasts, ex plained Mr. Wragge, are mainly based ou the physical conditiou. of thesun with respect to its maximum and miuimnm moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we are ueariug the eud cf the solar minimum— or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we on earth have no" couceptiou, were last violent.  Weather Forecasting. Mr. W ragge has computed forecasts for the seasons of Australia up till 1930,, and these, he says, are applica ble to Hew, Zealand, with slight.mod- ifications. ' During 1914 and part of 1915, lie says, the rainfall, ! taking Australasia as a whole, will' be under tne average, mis Dy no means im plies that there will be no rain , 'Oil the contrary, good intervening rains will occur, and the last part of this period, will be better than the, first. From' the middle of 1915; onwards, the rainfall will markedly increase, and from 1916 to 1920, inclusive, the seasons will be distinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to steadily fall off, and the worst part of the next great "under average" period will be 1923 and 1924. Australians will be justified in calling that- a drought. In 1925 matters will begin to improve, and good seasons will prevail from 1925 to 1930. These forecasts, ex plained. Mr. Wragge, are mainly based H||hysical condition -of the suu _ its maxima and ruini- ip/cycles ot eleven are nearing the eH|BHHftninimum— or the fearful cyclonic of .which we onHHHftnception, were 