 "THE FLIGHT OF A SOUL" LECTURE BY MR. CLEMENT L. WRAGGE. Mr. Clement L. ."Wrnggo repeated, by re quest, his stirring lecture, "Tho Flight of ft Soul," at the Y.M.C.A. Hall on Saturday cvonlng, to another largo and deeply Interest- cd audience. Tho lecture was an Intellec- tual treat, full of valuable Information and uplifting thought It was Illustrated b&lt;y nu merous unlquo and magnificent lantern slides which, with tho enthusiastic descriptions and explanations of tho lecturer conveyed lmprcsslvo ideas of the wonder and tho ma jesty of tho croaUon. Mr. Wrugge explained at the outset that although reasonable Imagi nation was used In presenting tho subject beroro his audience, tills mode of convoying information was only designed to present more clearly and forcibly tho wondrous truths of the Infinite Universe, of tho loving Creator, tho fact that nothing was ever lost, that there Is no such thing us death, and man's glorious destiny Is a very reality. Mr. Wraggo announced the title as "Tho Yearning of Man for Truth." Truth, let It bo knowu. was the only worthy object of a man's study. Tho scorch for truth was the noblest endeavor. Once In Benares an Indian cldld named Ahmed was born. Ah med's mother promised tho "Great Spirit" that she would consecrate her son to Him, and tho boy grew wiso for his years. Ho would visit tho Hindu Observatory In tho sacred city, nnd question the Sadhu In charge about tho Instruments and stars, and tho Sadhu was amazed at his understanding and answers. Then ho would visit tho mosques and temples and see men praying. Ho would renin tho streets und bazaars and see them living, und he would visit the burning ghats and seo the body transmigrated from clay to ashes, and from ashes to tho fourth dimension of ether, to live on undying, for Ahmed know, or r&thor began to know, that the soul was Indestructible. As the child grew up ho heard whites talk of "heathens and their blindness." But Ahmed's fixed Idea was that he was no more blind than tho Christians, even If his skin was block, and even if ho worshipped God in a way that was not all men's. Ahmed did not think that the Christians wcro blind. Oh, not Nor the Musselinans, nor tho Hindoos, nor tho Confucians, nor tho BuddhJ&ts. All men saw. But their beliefs wero liko tho prismatic colors, which wero tinted differ ently, but which nil blended through the prism Into uniform primal white. Ahmed's creed thus was that all men saw along dif ferent roads as It were, but all looked to wards tho same thing. And ho now clearly understood that no matter what religion man goes In his efforts to find God, If ho is sincere God comes out to meet him. At tho ago of 16 he realised that God was every where, la each palm tree. In each blade of grass— In everything tliat was. Ills mother In those days went from Benares, and going, sent her son further away to a university In England. Ahmed studlod there, and his matos jeered at him, for his skin was not unlike tho color of tho dinner gongs that hung in their halls. Tho boy, however, lived down the sneers, and the others at last loved him brcauso ho was wise and good. He left, and went through London and saw tho mighty buildings and the grandeur of tho city, and tho beauty of tho streets and tho misery that squatted in ' the dark lanes and poverty wallowing In the gutters. His heart grew nick, and ho wondered if it was all a practical demon stration of true Christianity while Bishops had their thousands and people In tho East End were starving. Did Christ teach this? Not understanding why there should bo wealth for some and poverty for others, why some should live in enso and others In pain, he went home to India. On tho voyage he saw tho stare and loved them, learnt the principles of astronomy and let his soul look through his eyes to the twinkling beauty of tho heavens. He come back to India and determined to devote the rest of his life to tho service of his countrymen. Hfe noted tlio guns that hod stood breathing hate for a hundred years, and wondered If they Indicated the love of a Christ, and If such were the true methods of converting the alleged "heathen." He hated tho grim fortifications thnt had frowned for a generation. Ho visited the palaces of tho Maharajah# In their vast wealth, and anon n poor beggar accosted him asking for pice wherewith to buy bread— the famine and tho plague wcro raging, and wealthy merchants exporting the grain by which tho people lived by millions of bushels. Hcort-slck, he asked, "Do such conditions !n- dloato statesmanship? Ho lay down to sleep one day by the sen beach and called aloud to God to show him happier worlds. While ho slept tho form of his guardian angel. Azarel, c&mo ord told him that U had prompted his Inquiring#, and was about to give him poacc. Ahmed asked tho angel what was good and what was evil, and tho angel toM him that good, was harmr" God's wia atA more," cried Ahmed. "I must know more!" "ComV said tho angel, and Ahmed was raised, and in tho air flew whllo tho angel expounded life, death, and eternity to him. There was no death, only eternal llfo; death wus only a chango into a state of music and happiness. Earth fell far as they soared, and tho angel showed his child the system of tho worlds, and took him Into tho fathomless depths of tho Eternal Beyond. There was first the great sun, tho flashing sourco of energy, the moon, tho pulo moon, tho planets, stars, and Milky Way. Mars and Venus revealed their secrets, their great construc tion and being to tbo two as they approached. Ahmed was transfixed with delight Ho prayed to bo taken nearer and tho ungcl took him Into tho very prescnco of tho planets, and his chargo gazed. The angel told him that astronomy was tho noblest studj4»Qtat astronomy, coupled with thefisophy, plaJncd what, tested by other studios, waiH Inexplicable, and that of all studies It wasB tho most dollghtful. When they bad soenfl ull that tho angel showod, they drifted® slowly down to earth, and on their way saw! the wonders of their own planet— saw tho I Alps piercing cloud fields, saw tho rivers and I continents and cities of tho world. They saw I from abovo the bluo splendors of Lake Lu-| ccnic, and, travelling, watched tranquilly I Vesuvius roaring In eruption. Now, Indeed. I as they touched earth, Ahmed know, and I honccforth would ho Uvo to tench his fellows I and make their burdens lighter# and tho In- I dlaii sun woko him from his narrow carpet on tbo bench. It Is impossible In a press I article to do full justice to his amazing lec- I turc. It must bo beard to be approriatlod I and understood. I Tho Illustrations Included beautiful land- 1 scapes, soascapes, sunsots, mountain and Woodland views, scenes at Oxford. London, Versailles, Venice, tho Swiss Alps and Swiss Lakes, several very flno floral slides. The j description of tho flight of Ahmed's soul through tho heavens afforded ft sultobto op portunity for throwing on tho screen many remarkable astronomical photographs token with tho great YcrgcB and Uck telescopes. Amongst tho astronomical viowa wcro solar eclipses, storms, und representations of tho hydrogen flames rising from tho sun's sur face to a height of £M,000 miles, solar cy clones 60,000 miles across. Tho lecturer pointed out that tho sun was 8CC.OOO miles In diameter, and yet it was only on insigni flcant unit amongst milliards of other suns, some of which, like Canopus, wore ten thou sand times larger than tho sun around which this earth rovolvod. Ho further Illustrated the fathomless Immensity of tho unlverso with views of tho milky way, tho Pleiades, and various constellations showing mms as numorous as tho grains of oond on tho sea shore In denbo brilliant mosses. Some won derful views of lunar scenery wcro shown, and also of tho planots Mercury, Venus, Mare, Jupiter, and Saturn, oonccrnlng each of Which Mr. Wragge gave numerous scien tific facts. At the conclusion of the loctnre Mr. Wraggo gave another Interesting exhibition of radium.  CYOTE WARNINGS. DANGERS TO SHIPPING. "SOMETHING WILL HAVE TO BE/, DONE." t "" " BRISBANE, Tuesday. V., Captain Irvine, majster of the Innamincka, I says . It Is urgently necessary that a meteor- I ologlcal station should be established In North Queensland for the guidance of ship-:. . ping In . the cyclone season. The Common- I wealth Government has refused an applica tion by tlie people of Cairns for a station., and a movement: Is- now being started for I raising money for the p.uspose of subscrip tion. A. suggestion has been made to bring, back Mr. Clement Wragge to take charge Of" the station. . v'.j. r Captain Irvine points out that storms along? .-the north coast come on, at .an . hour's notice,' and a meteorological station 'wriuld' probably ,. be -able . to .-give -24 hours' warning, which j would be sufficient. "Something will have ' to be done. If shipping disasters are to be ayerted," sold Captain Irvine. -"-  . T/IEr/nOVimHj v/iow Confessions of Mr. Johnson. The Musical Expert Is Inquisitive:— In the confessions of Mr. Johnson, publish ed in the "Sun,", the Chief Commissioner for Railways and Tramways neglected a phase of his career most interesting to the public. It is well known that Mr. Johnson Is an enthusiast In the noble art of music. After all, looomotlves and .' tram- motors do not-lnterest people in their hours of leisure, except, perhaps, the .ones, fortunate enough to find themselves alive after, having been bumped by one of them. What we most want to know are the circumstances con nected' with the artistic career of Mr. John son; at what age did he develop a taste tor Requiems, at what period' in his career did he. begin to- plough his ionely. furrow at con certs, and under whose care and what cir cumstances was his taste for the higher art form fostered Mozart began to think out schemes for musical "Don Giovannis" when he was six months old, he played sonatas of his own composition long before his tiny toes could reach- 'the pedals of his harpsi chord; while Verdi at an equally tender age hammered out concords on his spinnet, be sides driving the people of his village to tho verge of distraction with the whistling of his "La Donna e -Mobile" arietta, which was then taking shape . In his half-formed mind. One can well Imagine, the baby Johnson, yet in the crawling stage, inventing inversions of the dominant seventh for tram motors, using lubricants of sweet triads on - locpmotlves, and, when he had reached the stage of early youth, calling forth the- bitter cry of outraged womanhood by placing the forbidden con secutive fifths of htghi steps on tramcars. Oh, Mr. Johnson, won't you tell us of the begin nings of your artistic career?' The Plagues of Sydney, Two hundred candidates addnaied two handled meetings in this State on Saturday night. A plague ol Dying onta descended upon the dty. For every spouting candidate was Saturday a handy date, The air was filled with rows and words, And— so my calculation was— the length of each oration was From eight to thirteen thousand words; And straight, for every single word every audience had heard, A flying ant was In the air, "I know the theory's absurd, And yet the flying ants were there. The common kind of flying ants, and truth ful ants and lying ants, And species multitudinous Of Llbby ants and Labby ants, and shining ants and shabby ants, Bamboozlin' and deludin' us. They hummed about the rerry boats and buzzed around us for our votes, They sang of Alice and ner woes, . They sang about Angora goats, And where tho latest tramway goes. And fussy ants and stolo ants, and grimy mock-heroic ants, And ants that dropped their aspirates, And wild denunciation ants, and (order, orde--) — mnatlon ants. Whom discipline exasperates. So, in battalions and as spies, they crept in noses, ears, and eyes; . One comprehensive curse we burled At words that, chased us in disguise, . "And' ail the ants in all the . world. At National Progressive ants, and 'other less impressive ants — A chap could never guess 'em all— And lots of country party ants, and greet- you-very-hearty ants, And ants infinitesimal. And every blessed ant that Hew was meant for me or him or you, But most of them have gone astray; Some wind has set their flight askew And where they finished who " can say, Something Unseotarlan. There were two cyclones In the country dis tricts at the week-end. One of them came from Bathurst, and blew over Cootamundra. Its obvious Intention, If not Its desire; was to blow Mr. Holman off the face of the earth. The name of this cyclone was Father O'Reilly. It .was one of the most violent atmospheric disturbances we have known for many years, and the total damage which It has done will not he fully known until De cember 6. At about the same time, anothor cyclone blew, at Brushgrove, Glen Innes, Yamba, and Harwood Island. This cyclone Is as yet unnamed, unless Mr. Clement Wragge has invented a nickname for It It was very vigorous, and quite unsectartan. At Brushgrove It blew, the Church of- England to pieces, and left the Methodist church severely strained; so that you might have thought it another O'Reilly storm. But It couldn't have been; for at "Harwood Island it wrecked the Catholic chapel, and It shifted a convent school at Yamba. How would Mr. Holman like to own a cyclone like that— to "ride In the whirlwind and direct the storm" —so that with one huge puff he could blow away, both sides In the ecclesiastical contro versy? ' 'p.-''-'-- 1 ' '/ » The Fig-Tree. r "And when he.saw a fig tree in the way, he came to it, and found nothing thereon but leaves only, . and sold unto It; 'Let no fruit grow on thee henceforward for ever.' And presently the fig tree withered away."— Mat thew,. ch. 21, ,v. - 19. "All thy. strongholds shall be like fig trees with the flrst-rlpe figs; If they bo shaken, they shall - even fall into , the mouth of the eater."— Nahum,' ch. 3, v, 12, "And the trees said to the fig tree: 'Come thou, and relgri over qp, /'Judges, ch. 9., v. 10. ; Si.-n ; "He hathjaid my vine iwaste, and harked my fig- tree; he hath: rriade It' clean bare, and cast It away."— Joel, ch. 1, v. 7, , . The' fig trees in Loftus-street are now equal lri political importance ;to Little Aline and the Angora goat. If. there' is anything in Biblical prophecy, what can the quoted texts foretell, - if riot a Lab disaster and a Lib triumph?  MUSIC OF THE ISOBARS. MR. WRAGGE ON CLIMATOLOGY. ATMOSPHERIC CHANGES AND NEURALGIA. Under ordinary circumstances a lecture on meteorology is likely to be regarded by the majority of people, if not as an absolute drought, at least as a pretty dry spell. Mr. Clement L. Wragge tackled the subject at the Y.M.C.A. Hall last night, and he handled It so skilfully that he kept a large audlence Interested right through the evening. It was an intensely scientific discourse, but Mr. Wragge managed to lighten the heavy bur den of strange-sounding, many-syilabled words by judiciously interlarding his re marks with breezy anecdote and humorous comment. It was a highly instructive lecture, and those who listened intently enough will no doubt, after a little practice, be able to decide with unerring certainty just when to take an umbrella out and when to leave it at home. The art of weather forecasting, both short and long range, was the theme to which the lecturer devoted most attention. By means of lantern diagrams he made it quite easy for his audience to understand the difference between the peculiar antics of a cyclonic disturbance and of an antl-cyclonlc storm. By collecting an immence number of barometric reading from far and near, Mr. Wragge explained it was quite easy for him to tell when a squall was coming, or when there was likely to be a bit of a breeze. That may be the scientific way of doing it. The old way was to look out for a man going home with a lobster. That was a sure sign that he, at least, expected a squall. "Scientifically speaking," said the lecturer, "all human nature responds to atmospheric changes. The twangs of neuralgia arc due to the contours of the Isobars." That statement will bring comfort to many a suffering mortal, and is more poetic and less expensive than the dentist's frequent defini tion, that neuralgia Is due to decayed molars. Mr. Wragge told his audience all about the Isobars, and It is only fair to state that their resemblance to molars ceases at the written word. "Meteorology," said Mr, Wragge, "Is of more practical Importance to the people than astronomy. It Is all very well to know that a new star has been born in a certain con stellation, but to know what kind of weather you are going to have to-morrow or next week is better." Several instances were given of the prac- tical use to which a proper knowledge of climatology might be put. The man who had a piece of ground that cried aloud in Its barrenness could, by the study and ap plication of climatologlcal methods, make his land teem with abundance. A picture of two scared-looking, bushy-whlskered men with spades, who looked like pirates burying treasure, was flashed on the screen to illus trate the lecturer's meaning, "I made a howling wilderness smile like Eden," he said. An entertaining part of the lecture was Mr. Wragge's description of his own efforts to establish high and low level meteoro- logical stations. His first experiment was tried at Ben Nevls, in Scotland. Scorning to take the beaten track, Mr. Wragge scrambled up the rugged sides of the mountain— It Is over 4000ft. high— till he gained the summit, and there in the keen blast, with hail some times pelting In his face, he took his baro metric readings, and blew on his fingers to keep them warm. And he did this before breakfast every morning. Some good Scotchmen, he said, at length heard of his work of research, and gave him enough money to enable him to build a "humpy" on the top of Ben Nevls. Mr. Wragge was very happy then, because prior to that he "was often wet through from stem to stern." That was the time, he said, when "Long John"' (whisky neat) went down well. And away up in that bleak spot, amidst the snow and the driving sleet, he one morning discovered, seated in the shelter of his "observatory," a Highland shepherd wooing his lassie with all the ardor of a lowland lover in a hawthorn-scented lane. It is to be feared that, judglng by the burst of applause and laughter which followed this little touch of nature, the audience understood it much better than they did the sclentlfic part of the lecture. Mr. Wragge described his efforts to main tain a meteorological station on top of Mount Kosciusko, and referred with fervent "God bless 'ems" to Mr. Barr Smith and Sir George Reid, who had given him monetary assistance to pursue his work.  r»i &lt;cr ru'Ris millBWlllMUT—ll millMWI ll llll MlllMI— IBM If I No, Individualists Nowadays, Why should war between two faraway countries like Austria and Servia cause Hans Schwartz to give up his billet in a Gernum office in Sydney, and John' Mangoldwurtzol to lose his farm on the Hawkesbury owing to the. foreclosure, of his . mortgage? , Lots of people who do not understand how interde pendent is" tbe -world' to-day' are asking that question. ; . They don't seem to realise' that the' interests of the nations- are now so in tertwined that a brick thrown in' Kamsqh-.itkA jy hit a wharf laborer at Woollbomoolbo or a portly sharebroker In Cbliins'street, - Mel bourne. Nobody, not even Mr; Bruce- Smith, can make good his claim to being an individ ualist in these stirring times. Man's inde pendence ceased when Big Tooth, the troglo dyte. invited Bed Hair to join him in ex- ' terminating the Flat Foot .tribo over the hills. That invitation resulted in the5 first, co-operative effort on the part of man,' and the principle has been extending .ever since. You never know nowadays when, you buy 50 shares In Nutcrackers, Limited, at £1 each, that in a few weeks your wife may be using tho scrip . for . curl v. papers because some wretched war in a country you had never heard of has made it valueless. 'When I started to 'write this paragraph i made up my mind to end it with some sort of a moral, but I find it a good deal harder than ex pected. Readers, can draw their own irioral. Anyway, you can .expect the latest wA news and morals too for a penny. (Archibara Arti choke, No. 2 Rock, Lower Domain.) The Wrath of Mr. Hollis. Mr. Carmlchael, the N.S.W. Minister for Education, and Mr. Hollle, M.L.A.. became en gulfed In an antl-mllitnrlet riot in Paris, and wore roughly thrust aside by tho' soldiers. Mr. Hollis wns .very angry.— Cable nowe. Two famous men from New South Wale Vfo-e mingled with the mob of Paris, And tossed. like leaves that autumn gales ' In wanton fashion fling and harass., "A bas, a has," In accents shrill . / . The air -was -rent by vocal volleys; Arid, hustled sore against his will "Ah, bah to you," said Mr. Hollis. Oh, frenzied Paris, what is this? . V Your pro' and anti saturnalia ' Have caused you to behave amiss To Bob, the pride of all Australia. The friendship of the nations three May. be destroyed by these mad -follies; His protest calls across the sea— "Bleb-bom-theroop," said Mr. Hollis. Carmlchael: might have done his block, But Deer was handy and assuaged hinU What shield had Hollis from the shock That first disturbed, and then enraged . -him? " Consider him tossed here and there As in the nursery a doll is— I don't suggest that he would swear, But "Blink-Blab-Blub," said Mr. Hollis. ; Had' fifty Newtown railway men Been present with him in the melee There would have been dead Frenchmen then. . Who strove to injure Robert— well, he Was by. himself In that strange town, Without the blokes 'who work tho troDs.ff Yet. with a brave, defiant frown, . , ."Blob-blothor-bloo," said Mr. Hollia. We've seen old Bob keep calm and cool— I do not think — in party riot; But when mad Frenchmen play the fool. Would we expect him to he quiet? To show conclusively that all Their passion so much fol-de-rol is . : We quote again his valiant call— "Dub-blub-blag-blog," said Mr. Hollis. (Gideon Gustavus Great-girth, Christie's Stadium, Macquarie-street, Sydney.) Politicians Useful at Last. An English county councillor relates how a dog -of, his swallowed an election address and died. This show;s what enormous pos sibilities lie within the pages of Hansard. Hitherto people have regarded the official re cords of Parliament as so much expensive lumber, but now an unsuspected value has been found for them. If a printed speech by an ordinary English county councillor caiikill a dog. what would be the effect of the judi cious distribution of Federal speeches on the northern and western sheep runs? Supposing a hungry dingo tackled what Mr. Cook said about, the Labor party during the preference tc unionists debate? The digestive appara tus of a dingo Is strong, but it could not withstand stuff like that, and death would occur before the second paragraph had been swallowed. Can't you imagine you see the expiring kicks of a whole mob of dingoes that - had mistaken the vivid remarks of Mr. Fisher on the Savings Bank arrangement for something good to eat? In spite of what some prejudiced people say, a use may yet bo found for our politicians. If they talk long enough there oughtn't to be a dingo left in the country. Hansard might also be ap plied. to the prickly pear problem. Let a 60-acre paddock be enclosed with the speeches of Mr. Hughes and a big heap of printed remarks of Sir William Irvine be piled in the middle. When the heat caused by the outer circle came In contact with the freezing air of the; central pile, an atmos pheric condition would be created that could not fall . to kill every vestige of vegetation in the paddock. Indeed, It is possible that such a cyclone would be set up that the Meteorological Department would havo to engage Mr. Wragge to stop it. As this para graph might in some way or other be con strued to comment on the election issue now before the people, the writer, who. doesn't want to go to gaol and so miss the war news signs his -name as Charles E. Taylor, 32 Castlereagh-street, Sydney.  "LEONTA" PREVIOUS RECORD CYCLONE FIFTEEN YEARS AGO j People familiar with the recent history of tho north-eastern coast of Australia will at ' once recall tne terrible storm of March 9, 1903, which swept over and practically wrecked the city of Townsville, as affording the closest comparison with that now re corded at Bowen and Mackay. The disturbance, tunefully christened "Leonta"— in continuation of the playful practice of tho former Queensland weather prophet,' Mr. Clemont Wragge— was known to the department to be raging some hun- oreds of miles out at sea on a Sunday, and on a Monday morning practically without any warning the terror swerved in a di rectly south-easterly course, and in a twink ling was wrecking havoc with everything hindering its course. Such disturbances have a certain periodicity— December to April — and seem to bo definitely confined to limited stretches of the north-eastern and north-, western coasts of the continent, Bowen and" Mackay being about the southernmost points affected by the fierce winds In the east. The cyclonbs are in reality immense whirlwinds, sometimes 100 miles In area, born at the equator. They radiate in slanting directions t, wards the tropics, losing practically no momentum in their passage over tho sea, and breaking finally in a mad sweeping swelter over tho coastal headlands. Record Barometer Readings The barometer readings taken during the prevalence of "Leonta" are an Australian re cord, if they have not been surpassed by those of the more recent storm. In Sydney a fall of l-101n. in tho barometric gradient over 100 miles is looked at as a sure signal ot something big coming, and a 'barometer reading of 29.000 — normal sea-level pressure being in tho neighborhood of 30— would frighten tho wits out of every sea captain in Port Jackson. Tropical gales, of course, gain a certain degree of intensity from lati tudinal influence owing to the revolution of the earth on its axis, but regarding that effect as fractional, it is possible to get a vague idea of the frlghtfulness of the blow from the mere instrumental story of the dis turbance. With a barometer showing 29.580, birds have been dashed to death by the wind in the streets of Townsville — on one occasion a pigeon was impaled . on tho large hand of the town clock and stopped the works for half the night. Keeping that register in memory as tho point at which the down ward movement of the mercury spells in creasing danger, tho merest amateur me teorologist will know that a glass showing 28.448 (Leonta's lowest record) .would repre sent something approaching elemental chaos. And so it did. The Observatory attendant of tho day in the northern city was absent from duty on the Sunday preceding the storm, and re lates that at 6 a.m. on Monday, March 9, he was taken by surprise to see the baro meter reading 29.620 and failing.; He smelt disaster, readjusted the papers on the self- recording instruments, and jotted down the variations as follow:— Time. Bar. Wind G a.m. 29.620 . S.S.W., 10 12.5 p.m. 29.030 S.S.W., 12 1.15 p.m. 28.988 S.S.W., 12 2.15 p.m. 28.600 S. 11 At that point the centre of tho storm was practically over the city, and a short, weird lull followed. The meteorologist was unfor tunately compelled to grab up his barometer and dash Into a gully, for in the screaming climax of the blow the entire observatory was whipped Into the air and swirled miles out to sea. Reliable private aneroids, how ever, agreeing with tho official instrument in other particulars, gave the lowest reading as 28.448. Then conditions rapidly approached the normal, the later relevant records being; Time. Bar. Wind. 3.0 p.m. .. 28.562 .. S.S.E., 10 6.65 p.m. .. 29.396 .. E.N,E.,-8 That is the story of "Llouba" as told by the barometer, and tho figures should be helpful should poor Mackay, some day grown cheerful, begin to boast that it has taken the heaviest blow on earth. Tho swiftness of the Townsville catastrophe is sufficiently in dicated by the times and readings given, and in view of a previous long-drawn-out period of suffering associated with another of Cle ment Wragge's tiger pets, "Sigma," they real ise up there the grim triteness of old Admi ral Fitzroy's rough poetic couplet — Rain long foretold, long lasts, Short notice, soon past. In Mackay's case it was also "Short notice, soon past," , Hell Let Loose To writo the dry, direct, record of the quicksilver tube has been an easy matter To approach a description of the elemental fury which its variations represented makes one hesitate— hesitate because tho chaos is hardly dcscribablc in language, and because what one relates as actual facts must beget a scornful jeer from people who have only seen a strong southerly gale in Sydney. Wo hear a good deal nowadays of shell-shock! Men who have gone through a tropicai cyclone on lund realise what that is, but will not be persuaded that any terror that human ingenuity can inv'ent is able to stand comparison for a moment with Nature in a mad mood. It Is only possible to convey some idea of wbat the wind can be by mentioning a few incidents of that memorable appalling occasion. At 12 o'clock no cabman ventured to drive from behind the shelter of Castle Hill a bold, rocky, procipitous headland sheltering tho main portion of the city from tho sea If any ventured to do so it meant the instant capsizing of tho vehicle, and possible injury of his passengers, at the first turning into an open area. From secure nooks peoplo watched tho fearful . surge in breathless terror. Tho roar of the liurrlcnne wholly drowned the voice, and communication was mado by signs Tho air was sodden with rain, slashed Into foam — tho Observatory gauge, registering .10 in., overflowed, by the way — and debris o' all descriptions. High overhead, many hun dreds of feet, flow countless sheets of roofing Iron, like so many postnge stamps, hurtling out to sea with thrice the swiftness of aero planes. Whole roof sections, weighing hun dredweight, swam on the wind for half a m|le or more and dashed destructively to earth rolling everything movable beforo them. Iron telegraph posts' on tho flats, presenting no more- resistance than their own exterior sur faces, and the wires they supported, were bent to the earth at almost acute right angles. Where the wind got fair scope tufts of grass were blown out of the ground. Tree trunks a yard in diameter were snapped like carrots. No leaf remained on any tree which stood up to the gale. Tho twigs of huge Moreton Bay ' figs which bordered . the North Ward Park were twisted and plaited like stock whips. While tho general intensity of the hurri cane never lessened for n moment for five hours, through the onrushing wind ono could actually see frantic gusts rushing llko loosened rockets, blackened with stones and refuse wrenched up in their fury. Those demons of tho elements left nothing standing in their path but tho everlasting rocks. Tracks wero shorn out ns by gigantic ploughs travelling at thrlco the speed of express trains. Well-built cottages wero snatched off their blocks and hurled contemptuously Into neighboring allotments. The tidal waters on tho sea-front were blown back' half a mile, below low water mark. Horses, maddened with terror, galloping to tho strand, were en-, veloped in black gusts, and blown helplessly out to sea. The general hospital, situated on a rlso near tho shore, fell In the track of such a blast, and the scene was Indescribable. A newly-constructed brick building, with' mas sive \valls, crumbled at its touch, and myriads of bricks flew Into tho air like disturbed bees, the roof meanwhile being carried on tile wind In an entire, body down atop of a small gro cery storo 509 yards off, which, In tyrn. col lapsed, and accompanied the rool'-iron down the street to tho Bqa. This disaster caused trouble to many In firm patients, and the hospital authorities signalled to' the Permanent Artillery Garri son at Kissing Point for assistance. Stal wart soldiers, stripped to the waist, answer- ing tho summons, went to tho rescue, partly running und partly crawling, as the gusts allowed, over about a mile of open country in something like an hour. In every corner that afforded reasonably safe shelter wero huddled homeless women and children not merely pallid, but green nnd 111, with lorror. Poor Mackay! , After endless hours of this horror came the strange boding -lull betokening the presence of the storm centre. Peoplo cautiously crept from their shelters to explore the sad ruins of shattered homes, but scuttled back again like rabbits to their burrows as the gale swung round under the influence of the op posite wing of tho whirl. Tho socond visita tion was mercifully short and comparatively Insovere, and hundreds of wrotchoil victims set about making habitations be neath roomless floors or in the public build ings which were left uninjured in the town. Then it rained— pitilessly rained— inches an hour, tho livelong dark and doleful night. Docs thnt description give some Idea af tho distress that must now bo prevalent in poor Mackay? Townsville staggered for many months under that blow; the nerves and health of many robust citizens wero hope lessly impaired by - the strenuous fears and sufferings of that day. So must It bo in tho sugar capital.  SETTLED CONDITIONS COMING. THOUGH "LEVY" MEANS TO PLAY UP. mr. wragge's special forecast. In his exclusive forecast to "Tho Sun" to day Mr. Cluinent Wruggo, tho distinguished meteorologist, predicts moro sottled condl- . lions, although tlio disturbance "Levy" means. to play up." Mr. Wroggo writes:— Tho monsoonal conditions notified In our previous advices culminated In yesterday's storm, nnd tho following conditions will now eventuate:— Heavy blows over tho Tuoman Sou, and even to tho south-cast pom the Chutham Islands, under tho rear half of the disturbance "WUUs." Strong southcrllvs and rain squalls over tho south- cost corner of tho continent, and in ptuccs ulong tho coast south from Ncwcastlo. but a wavo of finer weather and more settled conditions Is rapidly approuching from tho' west under a bijj anti-cyclone, tho centre of which Is now near Fort Augusta, In South Australia. South-west from Capo Lcouwln Is disturbance "Levy," and Indi cations so far show that ho means to play tip over tho Southern Ocean within a week Pm date. Generally, however (save for thunderstorms In Queensland and nasty squalls off Tasmania, tho Lccuwin, and Gabo). the weather over Australia as a fow dvys mostly ,lne during tho next Some generous friends for whom wo havo a profound respect Intlmato that an academic "Jealousy" of our resumed work exists In certain quarters. Surely this can. not be so. Jeitlouuy to true mon of science is an unknown factor, or should be. But if so— and what a lot depends upon an "If— well, wo arc British to the coro, and havo made, nnd mean to maintain, our own i>osl- S.Cli!H!C,ill,j; whUo wc «>nUnuo to n Public forecasts for this paper. Wo "hall stick to the bone that is ours by richt. opposition or no opposition. Wo havo given "Jraiouay" that wo know of" 2SS iy»MVOr lr,h'd to lrt'at our meteorolo gical confreres with ovcry oourtesy. Thus wo shall go on, while tho editor pleases.' running a race that is fair nnd square ac-' S.'Sl V" i,rUl8" tenets and rutea of fnlrplny. Our brnlns belong to us, tuid 'S11 lhCtil , "Ncm impuno laccsslt. Wo shall plougli our way iiko for 255 » i,??li0nB1of w? c o n t i n u otowri to £5 lire !, : u ol,lcr crftft show tho rtd or we shall met end on— "Green to green and red to red. Perfect safety, go ahead," ullu llll ff y»tji, ?ir'" —CLEMENT WRAOftv tsepicnibcr 16, 10 a.m. % PPu,nr lady who used to bo Miss Tnnny Dango, who married In Novcm- bor last Mr. Sam Mackay, the wealthy West Australian squatter nnd owner of several well-known mcehorses. was called upon last Tuesday b>;tho stork, who left a son ind heir upon the premises. Congratulation, are reoch- Ing Mr. and Mrs. Mnckay from hosts af friends throughout Australia.  "WADE," AND "M'fiOWEN." DISTURBANCES LINKED TOGETHER. rising temperatures predicted, mr. wragge's special forecast. Mr. Clement U Wragge. the distinguished meteorologist, will during his stay in Sydney Ismuo an excluslvo forecast dully for "The Sun." To-day he has more to say concern ing tho disturbances "Wade" and "M'Gowen," and he predicts "rising tempera- tures ' Jn Sydney— presumably in Macquorle- street. He writes:— Conditions as we write are full of potent meaning to him who can hear, tho music of the Isobars. Over Southern Vlctorlu la uu anti-cyclonic or high pressure nucleus the slopes from which cover the eastern hulf of the continent, implying generully Hn« we.i- ther over alt that area, thus including Syd ney, during the curly future. The centre of "Wade" is off th« Bluff, and "M'Gowen" In looming up, full of mischief, over the occnn south-east from the Icuwiu. Odd ly enough, these two disturbances are link ed together ill the upper "llftles" by an arterial vein of low pressure, after the fashion of the Siamese twins, and the result In high southern latitudes will be heave ! westerly blows, with shifts and backings j i between north und .south, while the whale- 1 i birds look on and enjoy the fun. Before five days have expired "M'Gowen" will haw reached the meridian of Sydney, and his ; approach will he heralded by rising tem peratures and northerly currents along tho southern seaboard between Kangaroo Island nnd Gabo, affecting also inland dis tricts. Altogether. the meteorological chessboard Is replete with Interest, nnd from our conning tower In the city, uldcd by our Instruments, wo shall serenely watch the course of events. Now Is the time for | good sea passages between Adetulde, Port Jackson, and Queensland ports. CLEMENT L. WRAGGE. September 5. 191L  "weather jeremiads." MR. WRAGGE CRITICISED. MELBOURNE. Tuesday. The tlradful drought predicted by Mr. Clement Wragge does not find any credence amongst the weather prophets of Victoria. They maintain that Mr. Wraerern. has heen in- dulging in "Jeremiads" for nine years, an-1 that it would be distinctly hard luok If he were hot right some time or other. One of the chief of the weather-wise said: "Mr. Wragge's general assertions are ir rebuttable. During the summer time we shall most likely have extreme heat on hot days, especially in inland and tropical ,part3, of Australia, and in winter time we arc, likely to have rains and fogs on the tops of mountains of high altitude snow will fall. "Over in Western Australia it may. be confidently predicted that copious rains will fall during the wet season, and on the north west coast provision should 'be made for willy-willies; while in Queensland we may expect cyclones in the cyclonic season; and in Sydney the atmosphere will be humid, when conditions make for humidity. "In short, one could not be far wrong when tipping that there will be south winds when the wind is blowing from the south. In all these particulars no one can possibly dis agree with Mr. Wragge. "Speaking seriously, there is no scientific data known to man that will enable anyone to predict with any degree of accuracy what the weather will be two or three years hence. This is the consensus, of opinion of the prin cipal authOTithles of the world who are especialy studying this problem of weather prediction. "Going back to Mr. 'Wragge, it will be re membered that he promised a very bad sea son for Victoria In 1911, whereas ..we had an exceptionally good and bouteous season. Gippsland.was-to be burnt up. As a matter of fact Gippsiand was blessed with an abund ant rainfall, and her primary industries were' in a very flourishing condition. The only tvay I can possibly interpret the doleful warnings which Mr. Wragge issues at in tervals is to take the reverse as being likely to happen.'- . What he ha hsaid has not oc curred. Therefore, we may assume ' that what be does not say will probably happen."  HEART OF THE CYCLONE A Terrifying Experience TOWNS PUSHED OVER V Cyclones come and cyclones go, and North Queensland towns are continually being re built. Thero is scarcely a settlement from Thursday Island to Broadsound that 'has not been blown down. Bowen has disappeared on several occa sions. A dozen years ago Townsvlllo ex perienced two cyclones in a couplo o£ years. They were introduced by -tho redoubtable Mr. Clement Wragge, who announced their coming under the names of Lconla and Sigma. It is still a disputed point among old North Queenslanders as-to which "roared tho louder and did tho most damage. Experience "has taught people in Towns- vllle.to detect tho coming of a cyclonic blow. When the barometer commences to fall bo- low a certain figure, those of the population who are not seeking a safe place under ground go out and tighten up the props of the house. HUSH UEFORE THE STORM There are some lenso moments before tho blow comes. It darkens. There is a. still ness in tho air as though the world's heart has censed to beat. A. creepy sensation steels over the stoqtcst heart. Then, as if switched on by means of an electric button, the wind shrieks like 10,000 devils, and the earth rocks. \ Round and round, it goes, snatching up everything in tho way, ripping sheets of iron from roofs as though tearing paper from a pad. Sometimes it takes the whole' roof at once, and then, getting inside tho building, blows the walls out fiat. Tho roof wiil probably go soaring away for miles, along with many other roofs,- and all tho domestic poultry flying before tho storm. This is a mere prelude. Tho safest placo in the absence of a cellar — which is certainly not a part of a Queensland house — Is under a barricaded table, on top of which tho debris falls, and makes the inmate even fur ther secure, until the flood-gates open and rain falls, not in Inches, but In feet, at a time. Towiisville, after the great cyclonp, looked as though It had boon pushed over. "Whole streets of houses— tho wooden houses so familiar in the north— were either lifted up and deposited long distances away, or blown fiat. NOTHING STANDS BEFORE STORM Brick buildings fared no better. They wore not toppled over into a lioap of broken mate rial, tlie top story was either broken off or ripped up and twisted round out of shape. ' Curious things happened. Tho terrific blow struck Cleveland Bay with audi force that It whipped tho ocean back, laying bare the bot tom ot the sea. Horses, made frantic by tho storm, making a dash for the open, galloped on to tills firm land. It was only for a mo ment: tho storm took another .turn, and tho ocean came back, and engulfed them. After all, the idea of the Children ot Israel crossing tho Red Sea is not a fable. It only needed a cyclone to enable them to do so. Tho hush outside the township formed a good playground for the Itnifo of the storm. Coming with a dash, it cut roads through as though with a knife. Huge gum-trees were cut off close to the ground like the hair on a man's chin underneath a razor. This was done by tho outward blow of tho storm! The cyclone, after it has completed its cir cling, bursts outwards like a shell, and that is why tlie present storm lias been felt as far west as Boulia. Tho blow outside the locality Is not cyclonic, it 1b only a kind of percussion, a pressure of the wind outwards, which carries everything before it until it is spent. Cliartors Towers is situated 81 miles from Townsville. The blow of Sigma was felt thero as a stiff storm, but bait an hour after the storm had broken at Townsville tho sea gulls wero looking for a roost on thof gold- field, blown 81 miles inland, Tho picture ot Townsvlllo after tho cy clone beggars words to describe it.  MIGHT HAVE BEEN WARNED. Mr. Clement L. Wragge writes:— "Just allow me to say, in simple justice,, that if the Central Weather Bureau, Bris bane, had been in existence — the annua! vote for which did not exceed £1500 — three ciciys warning at ictusi. wuuiu u#»c uecii given of the recent cyclone on the north west coast of Australia." .  SEASONS AND SOLAR SYSTEMS mr. wragge's real forecast. when "wildehnes8e8 become smiling edenb." Some remarks attributed to Mr. clement L. Wragge, whoxo name as a -meteorologist is known the world ovor, by a-Melboume paper a short whllo ago "cast a gloom," us tho death notices say, over the farmers and paa- torallsts of Australasia. But it Deems that Mr. Wragge did not auy what ho Ib said tJ huvo said, so this morning ho sot hitnseU right Vlth thosti gentlemen who follow thu cult' of the land, sheep, horse, or cow, os a profession, und with tho country generally. Sold the big chief weather prophet between pipe pufr s und re-lights:— "A tow woeku ugo I gave a forecast to thu Melbourne 'Age,' und Htutcd that between 1910 and 1915, or at the utmost IMti. the rain fall In AuHtrulla us a wholo would fall to- low the average. Such Is understood by the word 'drought,' remembering Unit drought, meteorologically understood, mcrtiqi precipi tation under the uvenigc umuk..(, und dov.i not necessarily imply sucn a drought us thut which was experienced In 1901-3. 1 turthur the avcrago (or 'drought) would be more pronounced In the Inland districts of Aus tralia than would be the caso near tho coast; and thut if jmatorallsts, fanners, and otheru were wise they would not overstock, but would conserve water whllo it Is yet here, and would certainly mnkc cnsllugc and stora up fodder Instead of burning it und letting it go to waste. Such teaching, It would be un derstood, Is thoroughly In harmony with t.iu parable of the 10 virgins, fivo of whom wcr? wise, and livu wcro foolish. NO PROPHECY OF "SEVERE DROUGHT." "Now, the report wao Immediately circu lated, and purtlculurly In Gippslnnd and parts of'NftW South Wales, thut 'Mr. U'iagg«j hud suld thut Australia was on tho eve 01 six yours of soverc drought.1 I never uard those words, und strictly mlhcro to what has already been said in the foregoing, numciv. that a dellclencv of rainfall, more or less, will be experienced within or during the period named, und this Is tho very best that moteorologlcal science can give at this pres ent stage In tho history of wouther study. " "On what do you base your conclusions, M,\ Wragjro?" "My answer In threefold. To forecast seasons one must study first the physical condition of tho sun, with respect to whut tiro known as Its maxima and minima mooilc; secondly, the astronomical position of tho moon, nnd the swing of lunar deetinutioii north und south from the equator, which produces tides in tho atmosphero nnni,i„mw: tc those produced in the ocean; and thirdly, the perturbations produced o:. thlH rdnnet and Its atmosphere by .fb« aaUronomlcal i|K>sitlons of our fellow-planets. This hitter 1» very com plex, and for the subject of our Interview may be practically waived. ' "To speuk particularly with rcs|iect to the suit. It is now well known that thut subtle medium called the ether, by which wlrulesa telegraphy becomes possible. Is, In reality, the nll-pervnding ocean of electricity thu4. links together everything that Is In the vast abysses of the eternal heavens— called th Supra-Unlversc— und everything that Is In the profundities of tho Infra-Universe— -by whloh Is meant the atoms, molecules, germs, corpusctos, and electrons. In a word, every thing Is linked up by the ether, nnrl every thing- forms part nnd parcel of everything else; and It Is nil the same story from Ihe corpuscle to the mighty sun Canopus. And, as our sun, milliards of years ago, was hurled oft from a mass of disintegrating nebula, so was this earth cast off from the sun by it process analogous to the disintegration of tho radium atom about 900,000,000 years ago, as far as science can at present fix the period, and the mooii in its turn was hurled off the earth. Our fellow-planuts, also, wcro hurtled into space from the solar orb At different pe riods in tho history of our solar system. WIRELESS TO THE SUN. "Roaring In inlnd. thon, what has alrendy been said, It will at onco be conceded thut tho eurth and the sun arc in harmony, or linked up by 'wlrclcsn,' through 93 millions of miles. And tho.v as tho groat hydrogen flames leapt from the sun's photosphere to ti height even exceeding 334,000 miles, and as the grout storms, calk".', sun spots, break out, aomn haying diameters of from 30.000 to 60, Wo miles, hurl off vibrations or pulsations to the very ether Itself which are analogous to- Marconi tyave. Such may also be likened— to jfive a popular Idea— to the wave's formed in water when a stone is thrown In. Under tho Titanic ctheric waves hurled off by the nun this earth throbs und pulsates exactly as a telegraph wire under tho hand of lh>t operator. Vibrations with rcepoct tp this planet act in much the same way as u con troller ucts to nn engine, at the one time 'drawing the strings'— to use nn expression —and at another letting them loose. They are therefore Immediately responsible for the volcanic emotions, the earthquakes, tidal waves, and hurricanes, and not only dlsnincc All aurorac. hut also, und vory especially, for abnormalities In seasons— as droughts, famines, floods, and good passages; Iio pre valence or otherwiso of certain diseases also come' under the samo Influence." ' SQIjAR VIBRATIONS AND SEASONS. "What hos led you to concludo that the solar vibrations affect the seasons?" "Well, I have been u . student of solar physics for about 35 years, und cluim to havo proved that when the sun is at his maximum onergy the rainfall In the southern hemi sphere Is over the average, und that when the sun is under the minimum Influence bad seasons prevail In tho southern honilsphcrc, and purtlculurly In Australia, which, by its peculiar geographical position, la particularly susceptible to solar influence.' The very opposite provalls In the northern hemisphern, and tho two hemisphere; respond in opposite ways to the sun's conditions, exactly as we huvo opposite circulation of tho winds around the cyclones and unti-cyclones In the northern and southern hemispheres respec tively. During the maximum of the sun, moreover, earthquakes and volcanic action, with "drought, arc particularly marked In the northern hemisphere, while tho southern hemisphere ts then more or less In a state of seismic rest, with good seasons. When thu minimum of the sun comes on, or Is evolving —for It is a cradunl process — then earth quakes nnd volcanic action begin to fall oft In tho northern hemisphere, nnd the rainfall to go up, while earthquakes and seismic action become more marked In tho- southern hemisphere. It is only necessary to go hack Into recent history. Tho crest of the solar maximum occurred In 1903. nnd since then, to 1909, the maximum has been graudnlly fall ing off by a series of minor crests. But yet In thn flpeTAMln tho mntlmiim rotrind h»& been Abnormally prolonged, evidently owing to a dork sun or other cosmic body getting on our sun. TIIE BOOM IN EARTHQUAKES. "Cast your minds hack Into recent history, and this hypothesis will he found to hnvo been fulfilled to the letter. Remember the earthquake of Arrll. 1903. in India, when the sun was nt the height of Its. energy; the sub- seque.pt eArthqinkcs In Japan nnd Formosa; the dlsastroua Italian earth&lt;y.iake of a few years ago. when Vesuvius was In full erup tion: the San Franciscan and West Indian earthquakes, and others, including those In tho south of France nnd in Mexico. And be it said that on every occasion cited great upheavuts wcro taking place In the sun. During the maximum period, moreover, re membering what I have said, a terrible drought prevailed in Rpnln nnd in other parts of Europe, especially in south-eastern Russia, j where, uh tin cablegrams told us. parents were forced to Hull their very offurrins for bread: then there were tho Munehurlnu droughts, &c., an-, nil the while Australia, don't forget, was enjoying good seasons. As the eun'a condition hue sine been approach, ing the minimum trough, whut do wo find? Wo find the conditions becoming exactly re versed. namely, floods In Huln. floods in Paris, In Italy, nnd Central Europe; flood In England; the great floods in JapUn, Involv ing millions of pounds duniugc, and tho cloudbursts in America— and particularly the Yosemlte Valley. Meantime, the Incoming &lt; Influenco of the solar minimum Is now af- 1 fueling Australasia, where, already, m cer- tuin purls, us, tor Instance, Gippoiund, the Otugo goldfields In Now Zealuna. and else where. ihu rainfall bus fulien under thu uvnr- ' ugo, und earthquuitc action has gone up, us Is evidenced by the rccordu of the aoisinograpba : at the Sydney, Meloourne. and Forth Ubscr- j vuturlfs." I "Whun your original forecast of a coming rainfall deficiency was given u lew yeuru ago, j I think yuu mentioned thut 191U would be u 1 bad yeur?" "Yus, I did, and I predicted the .worst would be about 1912,, but (hen 1 was not aware of the extraneous cosmic influence thut acted to prolong abnormally the maximum mood uf the sun. And thus 1 huvo to add on two years at teasi, una maac me arougm. or yndcr-tho-uvcrage, period botwoen or dur ing the closing part of 19DJ und the und uf 1916. LOCKING THE RIVERS. "You will understand thut thto Is u big subject, and ono most absorbingly interesting to all Australians, und It Is difficult to do full justice to II in un ordinary newspaper inter view. If a country would succeed, It can only be by Its people bringing themselves Into harmony with cosmic law, which alone en ables a nation to muster its fate und fulfil Us destiny. Therefore, und speaking from the scientific and logical point uf view, I argue that It will be more stutesmunllko und rational for the Federal Government to siKjnd the money Intended for Yuss-Cun- berra on plucklly taking the conditions In hund with a masterly grip, and locking tho rlvors, such us'tho Murray and Its tributaries, the Maranoa, the Warrcgo, and tho Darling, und others, and conserve water. With this the country could be Irrigated, and the wilderness made to smite like Eden. Thu climutu could thus be modified, neutralis ing on the one hund the effects of the hot, burning wind, and on the; other modifying to un extent the cold busters from the south. "With a rational and national scheme of water conservation and inland irrigation the desert wastes of Australia might be redeemed and made as fertile as thoee of the valley ol Utah, which I personally know. Such would be true statesmanship, and the Federal capit al inlght well bo held over In tho meantime. First, what Is wanted in Australia Is popu- largc sca!c under the conditions ul present prevailing Inland. They must be made agree able to the conditions of the progressive set tler's life." THE COMING SHORTAGE. "Do you think, Mr. Wragge, that the de ficiency In rainfall which you predict be tween 1910 and 1916 will be as severe as tho 1901-2 drought?" "No, as tar aa can be eccn. It will not, be cause the sccund factor.numely.the astronomi cal position of the moon Is ojierntlng against thu incoming minimum inoud «C tho suN. Thu swing of lunar declination has increased, und is Increasing. Thttu the vibrutlonu of the atmosphere, particularly over oceanic areus, will be lifted in the form of tides to tho up per regions, thero to bo condensed Into a certain amount of rain by tho cold, high- pressure systems, disregarding the difference of pressure due to difference In height. It will thus be understood thut thu moon is not ing against the sun. But tho sun hus tho first say lu the matter. Therefore, thero will be the deficiency In rainfall within or 'during tho years I have already stated, Q.E.D. "Let farmers and pustornllsts then, be wise, und follow my advice. Thero la no need for alarm. Let their prayer be:— 'Great Arciw- tect of tho Universe, give tno wisdom; let iu&lt;: dam. and conserve the waters and fodder.' "Such," said the fortune-teller uf the ele ments, concluding, "is true logic, and 1 can say no more." 