 WRAGGE'S PROPHECIES. Tlie weather prophets of this tlis- triet, with whose reputations the functionary controlling the weather department of Nature's administra- tion has played skittles, may take some consolation from the fact that the big gun meeorologist, Clement Wragge, has badly missed, hot only, the bull's eye, but also the whole target at which he did some long distance shooting in 1914 says the Dubbo "Dispatch".) Looking through old tiles of the "Dispatch" Ave find that in October, 9l'4, he rashly es sayed to foretell the Aveather con ditions for a period of 10 years. - '-Luring 1914," said Mr. Wragge at the time stated, "the rainfal Iwill be under tlie average. This by no means implies that there Avill be no rain. On the eontraiy, good inter- vening raids will o eeur, and the last part of this period Avill be better than the first. From the middle of 191 oomvards, the rainfall will , markedly increase, and from 1916 to ' 1920 inclusive, the seasons will be distinctly good, Avith abundant pre- "j eipitation. After 1920 the rainfall ; will begin to steadily fall off, and : the Avorst part of the next great hinder average' period Avill lie 1923 and 1924. Australians Avill be jus tified in calling that a drought. In 1925 matters will begin to improve, and good seasons Avill prevail from 1925 to 1930." These forecasts, explained Mr. TVragge, are mainly based ,011 the physical condition of ! the sun Avith respect to its maximum i and minimum moods, lhoA'ing in cy- j c-les of eleven years. Just uoav Ave I are nearing the end of the solar | minimum — or the period Avhen the ' rr»ir8yaLLiBwi'Jiu.i.nw!'ii',%M i n. fearful cyclonic Avinds around, the sun, of Avhich Ave on earth have "no conception, Avere last a'iolent. it Avould seem tha£ t\Ir. \Yragge's prophecies, like dreams, must be in terpreted by contraries. In other Avords, if -"Wragge says it is going3Jjfc. to rain, you may bet your bottom dollar it Avill be line. A.g Mr. Wragge predicted that 191S Avould be a fat year, and failed miserably, thei'e is reason to believe that, instead of a bad period being entered on Avith the .advent 'of 1920, the earth Avill give forth is fruis in abundance, and Jupier Pluvius Avill be in benignant mood. We are also inclined to be lieve that if Mr. Wrageg Avould con fine his investigation to things mun dane — as the Dubbo Aveather pro phets do — instead of straining his eyes looking for spots on the sun, he Avould be a better Aveather ' tip ster. . . 