 ft to hie editor. I Sir,— Just allow mo to sny, in simple justice, that if I the Central ..Weather Bureau, Bi.lsbune, bad beeu in ft existence — tlio amiual vote for. which did not exceed I XI Oil) per- aniium— three daya' warning at least would liave been given ot the recent cyclone -on tuc norui- - west of Australia. — Yours, ele., ft. CliliMKNT L. WRAGGE. I Chillcrn, Victoria, 28/3/12.  WEATHER WARNING STATIONS. . TO THE EDITOR. Sir,— I see that Senator Maughan has ro-: quested In the Senate that "a moro offlclent' system of weather warnlug stations Bhould be established In the cyclonic areas along tho Queensland const." In thlB connection . I would ask what has happened to tho most complete chains of observing stations that I personally: established there, aud equipped with tho best instruments that London can produce, wbeu I Mina In rt Vin turn nf fltn nitnflnolfl nfl TnotnGPnUHnnl service. I read further that Mr. Hunt 1/is completed arrangemonts .that, "will mako Bris bane un up-to-date meteorological station,1 oqulppod with instruments specially made to suit tbo northern climate." Surely tlioro Is such a thing as justice In Australia, and in that sacred causa pray allow mo to speak. Hbb the best of my life's work gone for nothing? For 16 years I was head of. the Queensland weather service; and - during' that tirno I established there (as Mr. Robert Philp, a former Promior, fully admitted) "a' moteorologlcal and wealhor warning system second to nono lu tho world." Tho Brisbane Btation was first class in ovory respect when I had charge. Is all my work, faithfully done to tho last Item, to bo thus nogatlvod? StormB' were warned and forecasts issued by mo that were verlflod to 05 per cent. In accuracy, and; not onry was. this done for Queensland, but for every part of Australia, as tho people will re-' member. And all this on an annual vote of 111500, as against the £22,000, I, bellovc, now oxponded by Uw Federal ' Weather Bureau.; Great goodness! What "do they do . with the. money? Tho Koombana went down, and so did the Yongala, and not a word of warning was given ot the storms that wrecked those vessels liy. the officers of tbo now burenu, who have just been performing grotosquo experi ments in Melbourne showing how the latter vessel foundered. i Mr. Hunt talks of instruments specially suit-; ed to tho northern climate. This Is mere moonshine. Standard Instruments such as I employed nnd personally fixed in position -over tho wliolo of Queensland. Including Cape York- Pohinsula nnd the far west, are nvnilablo all tho world, over, and tlio sooner the Ministor. iu charge ronllses this and asks a fihv ques tions the bettor it will be for a long-suffering public and shipping. Lot justico bo done, though tho heavens fall. — Yours, etc., CLEMENT WRAGGE. F.R.G.S., F.R. Met. Soc., Lnto Govt. Motcorologlst of Queensland. - Melbourne, September 23.  WEATHER FORECASTING. . ' A MR. WRAGGE'S THIRD LECTURE: ' Mr. Clement \Vragge was certainly in a con genial element last night. When ho" lectured' before 'a largo 'audience In the Y;M.C.A.-hall on tho Science of weather forecasting. - Many people, In Queensland particularly, and 'in Australia generally, . have attributed 'miracu- lous powers to Mr. Wragge. He cortainly did forecast with astonishing .accuracy, the occur-, re'nee' of a 'succession of cycloulo ' storms In Queensland (which he named by the letters of the Greek alphahot, the moro notablo being "Mu," "Nu," and "Sigma," which, dospite his warnings, wrought considerable havoc on the' north-eastern Australian coast. Tho lecturer was, perhaps, a llttlo too discursive In his ex position, probably- swayed by the belief that hiB subject was a dry one and neodod the re lief of extraneous Illustration. The puroly selontlfic portion of the dlscourss, however, completely held hip audience, and Mr. Wraggo would bo well . advised in this locturo ot hlB series to give a straight-ahead, systematlsed account of his methods of charting the weather over tho continent, and placing the trimmings upon tho train. With certain more or less apropos excursions, ho explained that tho sys tem of weather forecasting consisted in col lecting and adjusting barometric data sent from observatories established at certain ap propriate stations throughout Australia at a definite hour, and constructing from these , nn lsobario' chart Indicating the locality of high and low pressure systems.: With- this chart before him tho meteorologist was nbio to pro- diet with reasonable acauracy, from an obser vation ,of barometrio pressure nnd atmospheric gradients determined by tho contiguity and rate of declining air pressuro, tho probable velo city and direction of tho wind, and tho likeli hood of storm and rain. Tho relativo posi tions of high and low pressuro (or, as they aro called, anti-cyclone and cyclone) systemB fur nished an almost infallible key to the secrots of future weather.- Mir. Wraggo will lecture at Parramatta on Tuesday evening, and at Granville on Wod- nosday, returning, to Sydnay for Friday . and Saturday. To-night, at the Y.M.O.A.-ball ho will give what Is described as the most imprea- slvo bf his series ot popular scientific:, lec tures, "The Flight of a SouL through Space.". The lecture will- be Illustrated by some . uniquo, photographs 'that havo never' yet "been shown-' Tho/plon,is at Elvy.'fc. . ...  "A VOYAGE THROUGH THE UNIVERSE" . .. MR. CLEMENT WRAGGE, LECTURER, "Evolution, the primordial law of the uni-' verse, requires it," exclaimed Mr. Wraggo be- foro a packed audience at the Y.M.C.A.-hall last night, when he commenced his series of scientific entertainments, "and the time is com- ing when men will be forced to drop thoughtless pleasures and to search diligently for know ledge of the great cosmos ut which they are part and parcel." The much-travelled scientist reappears llttlo altered in figure or manner from the time when he preslde'd over the destinies ot the Infant weather department in Queensland, slightly more obsessed with his studies, if anything; equally daring in his theories and retaining in pristine freshness the quaint literary methods which used to make those memorable "General -Observations ou the "Weather" the admiration of tho mariner and tho despair of the student. Intensely interesting his lecture upon the in finities of the universe was, and the sandwiched sermons were not less devout in spirit, because the astronomer phrased them in the language 'of his cult. "O God of tbo universe, bring thy so.rvant, this radio-active, spark from Thee, more Into harmony," etc. The voyage through the universe covered really- only a 'few hundreds million miles, in a couple of hours, but even in that short run Mr. Wraggo left his passengers breathlessly agape. He steered first of all for some of tho northern -constellations, looked In. at tho Pleiades, and examined the constitution of some of the great nebulosities; then hurried along to CygnU (the "Flying -Swan"), exhibiting some late photo graphs taken, by the Heidelberg Observatory. Contemplating the immense vista of suns -and worlds revealed by these plates Mr. Wragge' exclaimed ecstatically "Measure not In words, the immeasurable. Ho spoke the word, and it was done." Orion was the next astral port of . call, and the audience were shown some fine telescopic photographs by the" Yerkes Observatory or tbe magnltleont nebulae in this group. The Milky Way; with Its Inconceivable aggregation of sons and sys tems, nearly. took the lecturer's breath. away In his endeavors to convey a fleeting: idea of what, failing a better term. Is called infinity. When the : voyagers ..-reached our Sun, Mr. Wraggo spoke . in more specific language, and was evidently on somewhat familiar terms with that luminary, which, rather Inconsistently with the credit ho attached to it as the lifo-gtving power of this rforld, ho disrespectfully' de- scrlbcd as a. "second-class variable star." Sun spots have, throughout: Mr. Wragge's profes sional career, been recognised as perhaps his main scientific hobby. Ho holds that earth quakes, eruptions, droughts, cyclones, and prac tically' every old trouble that jiumanlty suffers from the elements, is traceable to sun' spots, and ho quotes aB unimpeachable evidence' of the correctness, of hlB thesis that prior, to all the notable - disasters wltlilp his lator lifetime, - he has personally observed big blemishes on 'tho face of tho sun, with corresponding confla grations of hydrogen, hundreds of thousands of miles in height. These tnoorles, however, ho hastened to explain, were not generally sharml by othor- scientists. Spectrum analyses ot tho sun's rays afforded the lecturer opportunltv for a diverting digression, during which, in fllus- tration of tho truth that color, like sound. Is merely an effect-ot-vibraUon, Mr. Wragge sang as a solo — with more attention to science. It must bo admitted, than 'to art — an octave be ginning "Red Is bass," and- ending In a queer falsetto, "Ultra violet Is treble." Some excellent pictures of sun eclipses fol lowed, the mysterious coronal observed by scientific expeditions from 1850 onwardB. Tho socond halt of the lecture was devoted to the moon, In connection with which Mr.. Wraggo exhibited an exceptionally good series of re cent telescopic pictures from the Lick, Parts, and Torkes Observatories, and explained very interestingly the progress of detailed observa tion of the moon's snrfacc. 1 - The lecture concluded with a peroration, re ligious, rhapsodical, and scientific, entitled "The legend- of tho man who Implored God to lot him see tho Universe." Mr. Wragge will Icctgrip (p-clght. oa "The Majesty-.of- (SmttTO,?,' " T 