 ? A Laughable Skit ort Socialism. How Cloment Purefoy Tried, to Purge individualism out of the Children . of tho coimmihe. ,,'T!tc Iboy is father to;the man, and ! ii tne boy can be moulded to any par ; ticular pattern that is the man he will be ; on the other hand, if t lic boy will not take the impression of the die, there is no likelihood of the nian bearing the stamp. Evelyn Tempest, in "The McArdle Peerage" tells tile story of a modern Utopia, an experiment in communism in which even the boys showed an unconquerable tendency to the original sin of individualism, Clement. Purcfoy, - the zealous leader of the communists, had found the adults sadly deficient in altruistic sentiment, and lie was therefore the more keenly anxious concerning- the education of the. young communists; andv llargill, the schoolmaster, had much, of his • attention. Grown persons might be hard In wean from the .errors of individualism, 'as, in-, deed, he had had only loo many evidences ; but the children, if càrcfuliy i reared, if true principles were sedulously inculcated in their impression- ! able minds, could not grow up otherwise than heart-whole socialists. lio said this to Hargill as tlity sat in tho ollice. "I am entirely in agreement with von, my dear comrade; entirely. But it will relievo my mind of a real anxiety if 1 confess to you that I'm gravelled, fairly gravelled, over the marbles." "Marbles!" Mr. Purefoy's supervision of the schooling had not extended to the bare patch of ground against the hall winch the children used as playground. "Yes. Mow to implant correct views about marbles positively baffles mv ingenuity." The situation, as outlined by Margill, was certainly grave and perplexing. It was the outcome of a wealthy visitor's unthinking kindness. Moved by the sight of listless boys, she had invested ton shillings in tops and marblcf 'licli she distributed, the easy te; ominfr to her eyes at the delight v., !ie children. Mr. Purefoy had thanlfjj?. hęr very warmly ; he had not, lie saic,&lt;§ 1 ' łt justified in sanctioning expendiu on such things until their commum rcachod the stage .of self-support; That misehiéf could hirk in marbles did not cross his mind. There was no barm whatever in playing marbles, but there was ..serious reasons for alarm in the circumstance that Edward Mufiield had developed a degree of cxpertness which threatened to give him custody of all the marbles in the pockets of his fellows. "Custody," said Mr. Purcfov, "of necessity nurtures the sense of private ownership, the sense which, aboVe all others, wc wish to eradicate from the'minds of the young." "It's going farther than that, I fear," said Hargill ; and, in answer to Mr. Purefoy's look of alarmed .inquiry, he continued : "Aaron Wragg.e had no slate a day or two ago ; under pressu're he confessed that he had exchanged it ("swapped," was the expression) for twelve marbles, Ediva'rd Mufiield having broken his own. t asked Muffield how he became possessed of the pocket-knife 1 saw in bis hand yesterday; he confessed that he purchased it for twenty marbles from Thomas Duff, who picked it up in the road. Again, Muffield's sums were correct this morning, and a circumstance so unusual prompted innu iry, lie confessed to purchase of John Mead's, assistance for three marbles." "He is using them as currency,, in fact," said Mr. Purefoy, and light broke in unon him as he spoke. "liargill. it is Capitalism!" '.'We. cannot-get away, from it," sighed Margill.-...;.. "ft is Capitalism in ils incinient and most insidious form." Mr. Purcfoy put his elbow on the table ani.' rested his head upon_his hand. "The only remedy that suggests itself to me is a drastic one," said Margin, after thoughtful silence—"confiscation." ''Purefoy sat upright and looked miserable. "Confiscation of personal, property by the commune for the good of the commune is justifiable—nav, it is right ; but confiscation of property ivhich can be of no use to .• the com- - 'o be a step at least open • open to ques- n^.-^-) the tonm.^X^Tnrn-iH smoked in silence ; lie looked content, Mr. Purefoy stopped in his walk. , "I will bring the matter before the board, with this suggestion that all marbles be donfiscated çverv Saturday niglit and even redistribution made. I trust that will meet the case ; I trust it may 1 1" "That ought to case the difficulty, but I doubt if it will prove a complete solution," said llargill. "We will at least give the plan a trial and see how it operates," said' Purefoy. The plan worked admirably ; so. 'veil and so smoothly that Mr. Purefoy. >;'as not sure but that he had hit upon'the key which should lay bare the Great Secret—tjie even Distribution of the World's Wealth. The boys had grumbled a little at first, Ibut they made no open complaint. Certainly the exceeding deinurcness of the faces whose owners filed before him depositing handfuls of marbles in a pudding-bowl might have awakened suspicion in a more watchful master than llargill; but as his object was to get through his work with the least possible trouble to himself, he kept susp.v..uii, il he had any, to himself. It was his colleague Miss Heavens who pricked the bubble. One Saturday morning Miss Heavens, strolling round the corner of the hail, came upon a group of small bovs, in the midst of whom squatted Johnny Meade with paper and pencil. "Ted Mufiield, fowerty-nine !" said Johnny, writing ; " 'e's a'llus the most. Aaron, fifteen ; your 'and's out this week, Airy. - Nex' Tommy Dull', twenty-sivin—Wot !" The voice of Miss Heavens inquiring what were they doing brought Johny Meade's career as marble banker to a close, there and then. The secret of ,youthful content lav bare. By the simple process of making a note of the number of each boy's mat'b I ;.s before he handJcd ithem "(in and giving them back .-to him after the pooling, incipient capitalism had defeated pure socialistic principle and brouglit.it to naught. Miss Heavens, anxious to ingratiate herself, laid hands upon the banker.and ted hinij with his account,..to llargill. llargill, unable to deal wi>:h such flagrant' deception himself, took Johnnv and Ins account to Mr.. Purcfov. Mr."Purcfoy. having 1 , .with the aid of Miss Heavens, summoned as' witness,, grasped the device wherebv his solution of 'the difficulty had been defeated, confiscated all the marbles, and, acting upon the impulse of the baffled reformer, dropped them down the wqli. "That's all very fine," said Iiargill; "but I'm ^afraid tile mischief is done. We can hardly blind ourselves to ii that we have been beaten bv the ingenuity of capitalism." The cottage wherein children of all ages up to six were housed during work hours or during their mothers' absence if desired, was by far the most cheerful habitation on the estate as regards funishing. The wealthy visitor had taken care of .that ; she rarely came to Dawnland without bringing pictures for 'the. ulalls, rag-books (boldly declared by makers ignorant of nursery usage to be untearable), or toys. The rules prescribed that no child should play with the same doll, ball or other toy on two consecutive days lest its young mind .should ab- I sorb unaware the error of personal ' ownership. 1 . Mr. Purefoy had ordained that all dolls used in the creche should be exactly. alike, all balls the same size, -côior,.; yna tl'.vuiiv, 'i.'u.;^.>. of bricks and sixpenny paint boxes identical; and this wise instruction had been carried out, Libby giving, way. under protest.- But discerning infancy marked differences in the dolls; Susy Dufï discovered in one china f->a' features • and expression ' which gave it attractions above others. She was fine and sturdy, and she inherited the maternal shrewdness; if Kitty Wha':man ór Polly Meade received that particular doll when Nurse Makins served out dolls in the morning, Susy got it by force or guile; it was her baby, her very own; and she would noiie other. And Nurse Makins, unable to sec tile difference between dolls or the use of a rule whose application promoted screaming, let Susy have her own way. That, was the beginning; once Susy's right to * 'particular doll had been rccogher companions claimed to bo I i i an equal footing; and, less 'or the great principle of for peace, Nurse Makconnivance of Nurse Needless to say, each wji views on the "subject ; Makins whiled away hour one wet morning n. Mindful of the ing in the hall, Teche in a circle, a camomile ineett to dress their 'f the proceed-, ''•-orderly, die the point '•c sir;is-' ; and ^rsliip. -••ned both dead, and who was therefore in n special sense the child of the cowmune. Mr. • Purcfov spent'a toilsome and wearying hour with the bairns. _ !?&lt;• occasional sobbing sigh, aftermath of the storm, broke the restored calm of the l'.Uçhen. Susy Duff, glaring triumiçf/innt defiance, hugged her very own doll, the one-with no legs but a red sash to make up ; Kitty Whatman peered round the leg- of the table, fondling her one-armed treasure in the blue skirl, still fearful lest she be required to change lier own child, for some unworthy other; Polly Meade pressed to her bosom the comfort of her infant motherhood, screwing knuckles into undried eyes. From under the sink Amos Ballard looked out, grimpy of cheek, tremulous of lip, his own horse held firmly under a mottled arm; Robbie Meade, red-eyed, and shamefaced for that he had howled before mere babies, shouldered the angle of the wall by the range, and watched Mr. Purefoy under his lashes. " Mr. Purefoy sat at. the corner of the table, looking more unhappy than any. The storm of tears and temper had left him with a headache, and his fingers hurt ; for Jessie Carter's passions wore cyclonic, and when Annie Mallard's idolised ninepin, in it5 print frock, was placed in lier arms as a substitute for her own Mad'leen, Jessie let herself go; and a ninepin, with or without a print frock, in the hands of outraged infancy is a weapon adult knuckles may not despise. Mr. Purefoy labored also under painful sense of defeat; the. children, whose affection he prized, regarded him as a monster ; and he had an unaccountable fear lest Si.ster Duff should come in and ask what all the noise was about. But peace had reigned for quite five minutes before the door opened to admit Mrs. Meade with the baby. A second tempest was only just averted by the ready resource of experience ; the Tiisli ôf her own oilspring to cling to her skirts and with rising tears implore mother's aid in defence, provoked ominous whimpers. Mrs. Meade swSpt Kobbie aiid." ' Polly comltarUcd tlic.rni -l'.ito silentfel b;tore she returned to the kitchen. She was a patient womatr-and - judirî'ô'u's", a ' more impulsive -mother • would have come downstairs when the outburst of full-throated grief broke out half an hour ago, but learning cause from Nurse ,- Amory,, .she thought well, though lier own',- children were among the sufferers, to let . Mr. Purefoy see the tiling through. He was a good, meaning gcntlerian, and would learn not to meddle if he got a lesson which the children could give him. Hence heir Hardy appearance on tlilo scene. Now she returned, composed and smiling, with - C. l'. Phillips sleeping peacefully on her arm. "He slep' through it, if vou'H b'liev.e me, .sir! Never turned in his Sleep the . precious, even wen I thought as the 'ouse must come down." Mr. Purefoy was glad the baby had not been disturbed. His first endeavor to implant the. elements of sound socialist doctrine had not., he was afraid, been successful. "I thought they didn't like it," replied Mrs. Meade without irony. "The 'instinct of exclusive ;posse-> sion appears to be even stronger in children than in adults," said Mr. Purefoy. ' Mrs. Meade, thought he did not understand them. Solny; children was manageable, some was not; but if there was one thing a little gell held to, do what you would, ii wa.s her doll. -It. was .na'.ur'. that's wlhat it was, and you couldn't cure it. She had six' of her own, three gells and three boys, and she ought to know. Then did Sister Meade think it impossible to cultivate in children the true communal spirit? He hoped, lie trusted her experience did not lead her to a conclusion so—so discouraging? Mr.s. Meade really couldn't say, never having tried, so to speak. If Mr. Purcfoy would excuse her, she would take baby upstairs again; lie was going to wake up. 