 VOYAGE THROUGH THE UNIVERSE. MR WVRAGGE AT MORWELL. Residents of Morwell and district were given an opportunity of sharing in a rare intellectual treat on Satur day evening, 27th ult., when Mr Clement Wragge, the eminent and talented astronomer and meterolo gist dilevered his interesting and instructive lecture entitled " A Voyage through the universe." The The attendance was not nearly so large as might have been expected, but all present were delighted with the entertainment. With the aid of a powet ful lantern which threw upon a screen photos as seen through some of the most powerful telescopes in the world, taken at Lick and other observa tories, the lecturer carried the audience clean away from this mun dane sphere into the heavens, millions of suns kmnillions and millions of miles away) coming into view, and around which worlds revolve. In dealing with the subject, the lec turer indirectly delivered a most powerful sermon, and he pointed out the majesty and power of the Great Creator. The study of astronomy, he said, knocked the bottom out of those individualswhoimagined them. selves of great impo:tance and this earth the greatest of God's handi. work. The earth, which was merely an off-shoot from the sun, was an in significant tiny thing compared to millions of other worlds that revol. ved through space at an enormous speed. The moon was likewise an off-shoot ofthis earth, and he re. marked that its temperature rose to 300 degrees, and fell to zoo degrees below zero. After frizzling for some days a m -n would then commence to freeze. If they wished anyone tor ture the moon was the place to tell them to go; not to Hell. They knew nothing about the latter place, but what he had stated was a fact about the queen of the Night. Interesting pictures were thrown on the screen, of mountains, sea beds, craters, etc., in the moon. Referring to our sun. Mr \Vragge said there w ws a vital and direct c m nection between the conditions pre vailing in the sun, and the atmos pheric and seismic disturbances of our own planet. \hat are popular ly known as " sun spots" are really violent cyclonic cataclysms, taking p!ace in the atmosphere of the sun as the result of internal convulsions, the magnitude and energy of which we can form no adequate conception. These, explosive outbursts which create in the sun atmospheric vor tices fifty and eren eighty thousand miles in diameter, project magnetic waves-on exactly the same principle as the Marconi wireless telegraphic waves--with such fearful velocity that they reach our earth-a dis tance of 93 00oo,o00oo miles in the course of a few hours and invariably produce magnetic phenomena, of which the aurora borealis, tidal waves, cyclones, floods and earth quakes are the visible effects. These sun storms are periodic. The maxi ma occurred in r9o5, and rain is always abundant at such periods. Then there is a reversion to the minima when rain is scarce, and this period was approaching now, but as the last maxima was unduly pro longed, the minimum would not be reached until 1915. Every agricul turist should prepare for this period of dryness, for although the predic ted " drought" would not be so severe as on the last occasion, owing to the influence of other planetary bodies, Mr \Vragge advises tile fi.r mers to make ample provision for it. At first the mention of the connection between "sun spots" and atmospheric conditions on the earth seemed so remote, that tile audience might well be excused for failing to realise its significance, but when the talented lecturer explained the thesis upon which he based his calculations enabling him to forecast so accurate, ly, thle scientific fact of solar influence upon earth conditions was made more clearly manifest. Wireless telegraphy materially helped to illus trate the wonderful eff:ct of the ether waves, which are cause.d by the tre mendous magnetic upheavals in the s-n, and the inconceivable velocity with which they travel, as well as their pronounced effect upon earth conditions, when they strike this planet. At the conclusion of the lecture some of those present were privileged to witness a demonstration of that marvellous discovery, radium. Mr \Vragge showed a piece uf pitch blende from which radium is ex tracted, and lie also showed the " Alpha" rays thr w-i , 1f by the metal, as also the " Gammnt" rays. Front a tiny speck that co.ld hardly be seen, numerous sparks were thrown off. demonstrating the won derful energy of radium, a',d the lecturer said it wool I be th uiands of years before the energy pr duced from this spark was used up. Ice said that if a saltsp, onful of radium was obtainable it wnuld generate activity sufficient to raise 500 tons to a height of one mile. He also slid that whilst it wou'd destroy life, it ,wt' I 10o cure diseases and pro long life very considerably. Looen nt for the event of the year. -Grard ltibernian Ball, WVednes Slay. October rgth.-R. Noy, Hon. 