 FROI .VARIOUS SOURCES Running a country newspaper is not all sunshine.. A rural editor gives the following hint:-"The fellow who can play billiards, smoke cigars, have six penny drinks, shout for" others, trip it to Sydney, go to the races, etc., should not overlook the fact that he owes us a couple of quid." "D'yer see that there old cove com in' outer Jones' pub?" remarked the way-back leg-puller to a new arrival. 'Well, 'e's the champeun boozer ov this locality. He's been drunk fur a quarter ov a century, an' if 'e wos ter wake up some mornin' an' find 'imself sober I do believe the shock would kill 'im. Twelve months ago 'e wos bitten by a tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too." 'Did the man die?" the new chum asked. "No," replied the bushman, "but the snake got blind paralytic drunk." Beauty is only skin deep, but curves is curves. "The Secret of Smart Dress," runs a headline in a contemporary. Some of the costumes we have seen recently had nothing secret about them at all. "Johanna" tells this one in the "Bul letin"--An exalted military gentleman in Melbourne found himself beset by an untidy young woman of about 25 in a suburban street the other morn ing. "You're-, ain't you? Well, Bill can't ao to the war." "My good woman, I-" "I tell yeh straight. Bill can't go to the war, an' 'e won't, so there. Bill's engaged t' me; then he goes and enlists t' fight the Ger mans. Well, he won't go, see. -,.He's said he'll marry me, 'n'-he ain't goin' t' get off so easy. I give you my word." Can't you picture Bill in a snow-filled trench, with a bullet in his neck, getting off easy? All men are born free and equal, but the majority of them marry later on. Of troubles connubial, jars and di vorce, This, we believe, is the fruitfullest source; A man falls in love with a dimple or curl, Then foolishly marries the entire girl. There was a man in our town And he was wondrous small. He bought a big barometer And put it in the hall. And when the mercury went down Because of wind and rain, lie climbed on the umbrella stand And shoved it up again. If everybody on earth spoke the truth and nothing but the truth for twenty-four hours, we should find our-' selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution the world has ever known. Last week (writes "Gossip," of the "Stock and Station Journal") I had two schoolboys staying with me, who were on their way from Bedale's School, in Petersfield, Hants, to Scot land. I took them to all the things we had time for, including the "White City," and the play of "Grumpy," at the New Theatre. They had the time of their lives. We visited the Tower I of London, and they saw the "Traitor's 'Gate," the site of the scaffold where people used to be shortened, the idle soldiers, the ancient "Beefeaters," and all the armor and the guns and swords and crossbows, and weapons, of mur der. They were greatly interested, and when we came out I said, "Now, boys, what interested you most about the Tower? What is -the strongest im pression that you bring away from the old place?" The bigger and older of the two (nearly 15) said:-"Well. my strongest impression, after seeing all the armor and the weapons of war is that the people of those times were fools." Before I had time to express my views, the younger one said. "Well. we're bigger fools now." "Amen," said I to that, and then we talked! "Northerner" writes:-Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain which promises that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even MIr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week. and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes wihere during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a- week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact r?emains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self weare going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at-Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it.  SACCE'S REDICTIONS.t 0 tto" writes : F.G.S., who S.ckuovledged to be the S::",trlty i Australasia on . hri Y ',? , . l sti ng, u "i nceat the Warragul that there was a vital and i .tiou between the condi-I .iiut1 on the sun, and the ilil s eislic disturbances r:ticue t What are popu , n p;t ? n spots" are really I cataclysms, taking tleU here of the sun as Sinterual convulsions, the r and energy of which we uleo a.lequate conception. • i~a outbursts which create ( atmospheric vortices fifty Seih thousand miles in ---ject manetic waves-on te p rinci ple as the Mar es tel vegraphic waves-with irfel velocity that they reach ~a distance of 03,000,000 the course of a few hours ',1 riably produce magbnttic oef which the aurora borea Syilnaves, cyclones, floods and .cs are the visible effects. an storms are Feriodic. The oneurred in 1905 and rain is asudautatsuch peiods. Then a reversion to the minima ain is scarce and this period ...,hing now, but as the last iP h unduluy prolonged the u ould not'be reached until Every agriculturist should fr this period of dryness, for the predicted "drought" not be so severe as on the last ° ing to the influence of rPlanetary ooales, Mr Wragge the farmers to make ample for it. At first the mention uection between "sun spots" jaCpheric conditions on the SDened so remote, that the andi 0bt well be excused for failing c its significance, but when the oel lecturer explained the thesis khich he based his calculations, , him to forecast so accurately, ýntifie fact of solar influence crth conditions l as made more a~fnifist. Wireless telegraphy -iv helped to illustrate the Cfifct oof the ether waves, t. causad by the tremendous upheavals in the sun, and :caiivable velocity with which s::.,as well as their pronounced : go earth conditions, when ?1 re this planet. 