 WARRAGUL, AUGUST, 30, 1910. Mr Clement Wragge F.R.G.S., who is generally acknowledged to be the greatest authority in Australasia on meteorology and weather forecasting, informed his audience at the Warragul public hall last week that there was a vital and direct connection between the conditions prevailing on the sun, and the atmospheric and seismio. dis turbances of our own planet. What are popularly known as "sun spots" are really violent cyclonic cataclysms, taking place in the atmosphere of the sun as the result of internal convul sions, the magnitude and energy of which we can form no adequate con ception. These explosive outbursts which create in the sun atmos pheric vortices fifty and even eighty thousand miles in diameter, project magnetic waves-on exactly the same principle as the Marconi wireless tele graphic waves-with such fearful velo city that they reach our earth-a dis tance of 93,000,000 miles-in the course of a few hours and invariably produce magnetic phenqmena, of which the aurora borealis, tidal waves, cyclones, floods and earthquakes are the visible effects. These sun storms are periodic. The maxima occurred in 1905 and rain is always abundant at such periods. Then there is a reversion to the minima when rain is scarce and this period was approach ing now, but as the last maxima was unduly prolonged the minimum would not be reached until 1915. Every agriculturist should prepare for this period of dryness, for although the predicted "drought" would not be so severe as on the last occasion, owing to the influence of other planetary bodies, M1r Wragge advises the farmers to make ample provision for it. At first the mention of the connection between "Sun spots" and atmospheric conditions on the earth, seemed so remote, that the audience might well be excused for failing to realise its significance, but when the talented lecturer explained the thesis upon which he based his calculations, enabling him to forecast so accurately, the scientific fact of solar influence upon earth conditions was made more clearly manifest. Wireless telegraphy materially helped to illustrate the wonderful effect of the ether waves, which are caused by the tremendous magnetic upheavals in the sun, and the inconceivable velocity with which they travel, as well as their pronounced effect upon earth condi tions, when they strike this planet. The lecture, which is reported else where, altogether, was an intellectual treat, and the audience were fre quently filled with amazement at the marvellous revelations of the stellar universe,'laid bare by the aid of our most powerful telescopes. No science reveals the stupendor.s might and majesty of the siderial universe and its august Creator, like that of astron omy, and a two and a half hour's lec ture on the marvellous photographic illustrations of the heavens, such as that given by Mr Wragge last week, must inevitably exercise an ennobling and uplifting effect upon every mind that is capable of such exalted influ ence.  SAYINGS OF TO-DAY AND YESTERDAY. Circumstances alter kisses.-Caro lyn Wells. Many are men of probity-until you begin to probe.-J. Whitman. The man who can't remember when he was a fool Is one yet.-Strickland Gillian. About the only way a woman can keep a secret is to keep it going. Nathan Levey. Woman: A being to run away from, or with-as the case may be.-Elbert Hubbard. Young men, I have to advise you to try to be good rather than great. You'll have less competitlon.-T. Lawson. The wages of sin Is exposure.-Es telle Klauder. A high old time lays many a man low.-Cole Blease. On the door of success is "push," in brass.-Upton Sinclair. Lots of people will take everything for granted, except a hint.-Green wood Lake. 'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all, but it isn't so cheap.-Sam Stimson. The trouble with the average mar ried man is that he doesn't know what a jewel his wife is till he comes to put her in a casket.-General Sickles. "Northerner" writes:-Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain which promises and never comes, it is curious to note thit when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten Inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the. monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it. It isn't so much that a woman wouldn't, but she hates to think that you think she would.  FROM VARIOUS SOUROES Running a country newspaper is not all sunshine. A rural editor gives the following hint:-"The fellow who can play billiards, smoke cigars, have six penny drinks, shout for others, trip it to Sydney, go to the races, etc., should not overlook the fact that he owes us a couple of quid." "D'yer see that there old cove com in' outer Jones' pub?" remarked the way-back leg-puller to a new arrival. "Well, 'e's the champeun boozer ov this locality. He's been drunk fur a quarter ov a century, an' if 'e wos ter wake up some mornin' an' find 'imself sober I do believe the shock would kill 'im. Twelve months ago 'e wos bitten by a tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too." 'Did the man die?" the new chum asked. "No," replied the bushman, "but the snake got blind paralytic drunk." Beauty is only skin deep, but curves is curves. "The Secret of Smart Dress," runs a headline, n a contemporary. Some of the costumes we have seen recently had nothing secret about them at all. "Johanna" tells this one in the "Bul letin"-An exalted military gentleman in Melbourne found himself beset by an untidy young woman of about 25 In a suburban street the other morn ing. "Yoa're---, ain't you? Well, Bill can't ;o to the war." "My good woman, I- " "I tell yeh straight Bill can't go to the war, an' 'e won't, so there. Bill's engaged t' me; then he goes and enlists t' fight the Ger mans. Well, he won't go, see. He's said he'll marry me, 'n' he ain't goin' t' get off so easy. I give you my word." Can't you picture Bill in a snow-filled trench, with a bullet in his neck, getting off easy? All men are, born free and equal, but the majority of them marry later on. Of troubles - connubial, jars and di vorce, This, we believe, is the fruitfullest source; A man falls in love with a dimple or curl, Then foolishly marries the entire girl. There was a man in our town And he was wondrous smalL He bought a big barometer And put it in the hall. And when the mercury went down Because of wind and rain, Ile climbed on the umbrella stand And shoved it up again. If everybody on earth spoke the truth and nothing but the truth for twenty-four hours, we should find our selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution the world has ever known. Last week (writes "Gossip," of the "Stock and Station Journal") I had two schoolboys staying with me, who were on their way from Bedale's School, in Petersfield Hants, to Scot land. I took them to all the things we had time for, including the "White City," and the play of "Grumpy," at the New Theatre. They had the time of their lives. We visited the Tower of London, and they saw the "Traitor's .Gate," the site of the scaffold where people used to be shortened, the idle soldiers, the ancient "Beefeaters," and all the armor and the guns and swords and crossbows, and weapons, of mur der. They were greatly interested, and when we came out I said. "Now, boys, what interested you most about the Tower? What is the strongest im pression that you bring away from the old place?" The bigger and older of the two (nearly 15) said:-"Well, my strongest impression, after seeing all the armor and the weapons of war is that the people of those times were fools." Before I had time to express my views, the younger one said. "Well, we're bigger fools now." "Amen," said I to .that, and then we talked! "Northerner" writes:-Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain whiah promises that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon timb any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placfd summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it. 