 THE BRISBANE COURIER. FRIDAY, JANUARY 28, 1914. It is expected that 4000 bags of potatoes from the South will be landed in Brisbane, to-day. The name of the town of Nelson has been altered to Gordonvale The body of Albert Horne, who was wanted by the police in connection with the Lutwyche murder was found in Breakfast Creek, near Herston yesterday, the throat having been cut almost from ear to ear. No bullet wounds were found. Annette Palmer aged 18 years, resid- ing with her parents at Bulimba, is sup- posed to have committed suicide on Wed- nesday night by drowning herself in the Brisbane River, near the Hawthorne Ferry. Preliminary steps were taken yesterday towards sending an Australian rifle team to the Bisley meeting this year. Queens- land will have two representatives in the team. Brookes Wilding, Dunlop, and S. N. Doust have been chosen as the Australa- sian team for the Davis Cup contests. The Bundaberg Ambulance Brigade's new two-story brick building elected at a cost of £3400 was opened free of debt yesterday, the ceremony being performed by the Hon John White (Minister for Agriculture). At a meeting in Townsville last evening it was proposed to endeavour to raise sufficient money to establish a meteoro- logical station for North Queensland dur- ing the cyclone months and engage Mr. Clement L. Wragge. ihe total iinount eubscnlicd for the V letorian 4 per cent loan of £ 1,000 000 waa £4,540,700 Hie body of nhomas Reeks, a native of Sydney, fourth engineer ou the steamer Sccolia, was found in a disused pit near iVolvcrhampton, with several bullet wounds, and it is ¡nipp-ascd to be a case of nnirtler. Tho sunken submarine A7 hal been found in 23 fathoms of water, and pre- parations nie being uiado to raise her. 'JUic Queen Victoria Memorial Fund has been closed with the total at £325,000. Tubutcs of mourning are general throughout Canada m connection with tho death of Jaord Strathcona. A French dancing muster is suing Car- dinal Araetto for £4000 damages on ac- count of the caidmal's condemnation of the tango dance. ' lile oxecutrw* of the Federation of Trades! in South Afnen has decided to de- clare the guncinl strike off "until fiuther notice. " i 'JL'lio principal ballot was at a meeting lof minéis, tit which tho voting ivas 4« to 41 ni iuvoui of deelaimg tho btnke over. Tliu engine«-, voted in favour of remain- ing on stiikc. The executive of tho Federation of iVaUcs has leviuested permission ot the autliontie-s to hold a meeting of the Èenorat council .it the Jouaiiuesburg J-iades Hall on Sunduv morning. Work is to bo icopened at the ratlway woikshops at Pi etona on January 28.  MR. WRAGGE AND METEOR- OLOGY. TO THE EDITOR. Sir,-A paragraph, appeared in a Mol bonrne paper of the 17th instant which stated that Senator Maughan bad re- quested in the Senate that "a more effi- cient system of weaUicr-warning stations should be established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast." In this connection I would ask what has happened to the most complete chains of Observing stations that I personally established there, and equipped with the best Instruments that London could pro- duce, when I was in charge of the QueenrJand Meteorological Service ? 1 read further that Mr. Hunt has "com- pleted arrangements that will make Bris- bane an up-to-date meteorological - sta- tion, equipped with instruments special- ly made to suit the Northern .eUiinato.'' Surely there is such a thing as Justice in Australia, and in that sacred cause pray allow me to speak. Has the best of my life's work gone for nothing ? Poi 10 years I was head of the Queensland Meteorological Department, and during that time I established, as the Hon. Robt. Philp freely admitted, "a meteoro- logical and weather-warning system sec- ond to none in the world." The Brisbane station was first-class in every respect ahern I had charge, and in ignoring this I a cruel wrong has been done to me. le all my work, faithfully done to the last Item linder most trying circumstances, to be thus negatived, and not a word of credit accorded in my declining years 7 Stormn were warned nud forecaats issued by me that were veritled to 95 per cent, in accuracy, and not only was this done for Queensland, but for every part of Australasia, us the people will remem- ber. And all this, on nu annnal vote of £1500. na against £22,000 (I believe) now expended by the Federal Weather Bureau. Great goodness I What do they do with the money ? The Koombana went down, and so did the Yongala, without a word of warning by the CornmoDwealtb Meteorologist, who, a few days ago, per- formed cruelly grotesque experiments in Melbourne showing, bow the latter steamer foundered. Mr., Hunt talk» of In- struments specially suited to the North em climat«. Thia la mere moaMMnt ,j Standard instruments, such as I em- ployed, and personally fixed In position over the whole of Queensland, Including Capo York Peninsula, and tho for West, are available al! the world over, and the sooner the Minister in charge realises this and asks a few questions the better it will bo for a long-suffering public and shipping. Let justice be done though tho heavens fall. Surely Queensland*, to which I de- voted the liest years of my lile, will listen to my voice«.-I am, air, &c. CLEMENT L. WRAGGH, FJUÎ.8., F.tt. Met. Soc, &c., late Gorvernment Meteorologist of Queens- land, Melbourne, September 23. 