 Police Court.— At the Police Court this morning, before Mr Raymond Gee. R.M., Oracle S. Green was charged with that, he on Sunday, the 31st day of March, being the holder of a publican's general license for the premises known as the Vic- toria Hotel, had the said licensed premises open for the sale of liquor. He was defended by Mr. H. Wilson, and pleaded not guilty. Sergeant Thomas, conducted the prosecution. Constable W. Fanning gave evidence for the prosecution, and S. Lin- thorne for the defence. The magis- trate fined the accused £5, with 3s 6d costs. Geraldton Roads Board.—The fol- lowing is the result of the annual and extraordinary elections of the Geraldton Roads Board held on the 10th April :— Roads Board Members —East Ward, Messrs. W. McKeazie Grant and W. V. Sewell ; South Ward, Mr. Timothy Cream ; North Ward, Mr. Victor A. Bridgman. Au- ditor—Mr. F. C. Overheu. Racehorses at Auction. — On the course yesterday afternoon, Mr. H. S. Mackenzie offered for sale the racehorses Maltese, Ranzau and Re- quittal. The former was passed in at £50 (reserve £100), Ranzau at £20, and Requittal at £35, the auc- tioneer stating he was ready to treat privately. Polo.—The team from this district (comprising Messrs. A. E. Grant, J. Law Smith. I. C. Burges, and R. K. Gardiner (Moora), played a match at Narrogin yesterday, and defeated their opponents by 8 coals to 2. To- day the team is playing Katanning. Racecourse Attendance.—On Mon- day 320 tickets were issued at the railway station for the racecourse, and on Wednesday 253. The amount taken at the sat^s for the two days (£106) was £8 more than that tak- en at the annual meeting in Novem- ber last. Forecasting Bad Weather.—Mr. Clement Wragge writes to the met- ropolitan press stating that if the Central Weather Bureau had been in existence three days' warning at least could have been given of the cyclone which destroyed the Koom- bana. That statement tears out the remarks in our issue of Thursday last urging the institution of a well- equipped 'branch, of the Meteorologi- cal Department at Broome. Austra- lians generally would not cavil at the expense of such a station at Broome and another at Brisbane (or higher up the Queensland coast) in addition to the central office in Mel- bourne if as a result the safety of the numerous men engaged in pearl- ing and the coastal steamer trade were safeguarded. Patalitv at Meekatharra.—A miner named Thomas Moloney met with a fatal accident at Meekatharra on Tuesday. An inquest is being held. Valedictory.— At the bowling green to-day there was a large attendance of members of the Geraldton Bowling Club, who assembled for the purpose of bidding farewell to Mr. H. A. Cresswell (District Engineer), who is leaving Geraldton shortly, having been transferred to the eastern gold- fields. The prsident of the club (Mr Tom Roberts), in the course of a happy little speech, expressed the re- gret of members at the departure of Mr. Cresswell, and wishing him happiness in his new abode. On be- half of the members of the club he then presented Mr. Cresswell with a very useful present in the shape of a leather travelling bag. Mr. Roberts' remarks were endorsed and supple- mented by other members of the club. Mr. Cresswell responded, and expres- sed his thanks for the presentation. and also for the kindly remarks made concerning him.  Meteorology and the Seasons. Various theories have been pro- pounded as to the influence that va- rious phenomena of nature exert in regard to the seasons. Not the least important of these theories is based on what are known to scientists as solar storms or sun spots. It is held as a correct theory that the weather or climatic conditions of the earth depend to a large extent on sun spots, and that several extreme va- riations of climatic conditions that have been experienced on the earth have been co-incident with equally extreme phenomena noted by meteor- ologists and scientists. Not the least of the savants who have held decided views in regard to the sun-spot theory is Mr. Clement Wragge, late head of the Meteorological Depart- ment of Queensland. If we study the predictions or forecasts of Mr. Wragge, one conviction is forced up- on us. We would find that his fore- telling, even as far back as 1906, was singularly correct. In that year Mr. Wragge stated that — The pre- sent solar maximum (sun-spots) is, in my opinion, gradually coming to an end. The time from the maxi- mum to the succeeding minimum is 7.55 years, and from the minimum to the next maximum 3.53 years. It, therefore, follows that Australia may expect, with the gradual ap- proach of the next minimum, a de- creasing rainfall and drought, and on the whole, especially in the central areas, with more bad seasons before the end of 1912. I will not go so far as to say that the next drought will be as severe as the last one, but I am certain of the fact that it will come, as it is possible for anyone to be certain of anything in physical life. The question of water conser- vation should be undertaken with the least possible delay, and forest con- servation is also of prime import- ance. All meteorologists know that forests tend to equalise climates by the increase of rainfall and the prevention of excessive eva- poration ... The clearing of ag- ricultural areas is, of course, essen- tial, but it should be done in the right way. Ringbarking should be carried out in the form of the letter V turned upside down, because that was the shape of the prevailing; dis- turbances. Broad zones of native timber should be left, especially on the eastern, northern and western sides for protection. Other eminent scientists have ad- duced sound theories that sun-spots have a powerful bearing on terrestial weather conditions. Professor G. E. Hale, who has charge of the greatest telescope in the world (the "Carne- gie"), has demonstrated that the sun is covered at times with immense electric vortices— known as sun-spots —which speed away ovci: its surface like cyclones upon the earth, but with a development of energy that is appalling to contemplate. The dark spots seen with smaller tele- scopes are apparently the bases of these solar cyclones where they whirl upon the fiery surface of the solar globe with a force that would set- the earth spinning like a top in a furnace blast. Every such explosion of energy in the sun appears to have its repercussion upon the earth. There is reason to believe that the secrets of the earth's magnetism, and of electro-magnetic storms, which have baffled science for many years, lie concealed in these electric whirls upon the sun, and when the new telescope is ready to study them we shall, beyond doubt, have a grasp of the problem of solar influence up on the earth that may result in the most astonishing practical discover- ies concerning the weather. Hot-water-bottle dolls are the la- test novelty in America. They are made on the same principle as the ordinary child's rubber doll, and when filled with boiling water retain their heat for a long time. They have been christened Patty Com- forts, and, according to one adver- tisement, "feel like a live baby, when filled with hot water." Every effort is made to make Patty look like a real baby, for she can be ob- tained in various styles of dress which can be put on and taken off. 