 A MERRY TIME PREDICTED. Mr. Clement Wragge had (says the Adelaide "Regi-ster") a spare evening at Petersburg on April l, and he sat down and wrote a "special advice and forecast." At the time he was in the quiet of his bedroom, "surround - cd by a cyclone of papers, instru - mente, and literature, scattered all over the floor." He determined to utilise the leisure by having a general look round upon the impending wea - ther conditions of Australasia. "Im primis, the great Antarctic dist ur - bance named Ulysses, is about 500 miles south-west from Albany. That he looks vicious is to put it mildly, j He will influence the area of the great Bight, and sweep thereafter in majesty towards the Eastern States. His eas - 1 tern umbra is however running a day late, having been blocked by the western isobars of the high pressures, j which acted much as tfe cushion of a i billiard table repels the ball. Ulysses will mainly operate between the paral- j leis of 37 and 50 deg., but his eastern j and northern edges will "cause warmer weather in South Australia under winds from between north-east, north north-west and west, with occasional nasty local blows and foxy dust-spin- ] nies, by which hats will go flying to' leeward and ooDortunities occur for snapshots in the streets. These condi tions .will also affect Victoria, Tas - mania, and southern New South Wa - les in turn, as the disturbance passes eastwards, and thereafter the ' winds will shift to south-west and south, followed in course generally by more bleak weather and rain as the baro - meters 'WSgin to rise again. Sydney, and the region thence to Gabo, Ho bart and. Melbourne will get another good doing before 12 days from date have elapsed, and thus ample warning is given to passengers and shipping. Ulysses will reach New Zealand lie - fore April 15, and he is expected to renew the floods on the South Island »nd elsewhere. Thus tTieliominion is warned. The western half of Aga - memnon caused the Vecent deluge south from Dunedin and thc bail wea ther in Cook's Straits, and even yet this last-named disturbance has not ceased to influence Maoriland. Survey ing now thc far north-west, the mon soon named 'Anan' (having already caused heavy rain and a lot of both er north from Geraldton) is still much in evidence. f-ocal 'willy-willies' atv I yet likely under his sway, and ship - ping in those parts cannot lie too careful. Later on, Anan will push his way inland, and cause a renewal of muggy swelter, especially in the northern parts of South Australia, with probable electric storms. Queens land will enjoy charmin-' weather, and we see nothing at present to threaten that State. One last glance at Ulysses, because we are immcdiatcly conccrned in his advent. Rememlier, ¡rood people, he is Coming, and is bound to affect you more or less. Not onlv so. He will probably lie willow ed liv a satellite, or loop, named Si non, after the perjurer of the Trojan war, with a lot of coastal rain. So April will witness a merty time, and those in harmony with nature will re lish it like a mollyhawk enjoying lit bits from the pantry. Pax voliisciun'. Let readers study Virgil and the Iliad of Homer." 