 WHEN WRAOCE WAS THERE. When drought devastates of « yrlones mg*», the thoughts of many yueenttlandera tvm to t'l«nwTit Wragge {incleoieut!.. why, way baiA: in the nineties limd to -vciibwy — usually with i-emarffable aeturary, but *?ometinus badlv misaiiut the bull's eye— of weather fair or foul. Even when his prophede* — ptm^ti — Wm jjjy~~t*te«*twe— loving sect ion of the public forgave the weather prophet because of the diarru of bis lan&iiagt1 ; aud only tlie Philietiues who supply 'ifc» meat or the ww-t maiket. ever let their angry ptts&ioiis rise wh.cn Wiagge 'misused itjagtub.' ? —~fn remettibertnil .^caggc for bis liteiature m well as for hfi preaomed intimatv with the clerk of tha wi»tbei-. soaao may remem bei-'hia tiWlt volume, *?Jlle IJottianee of the South 8eaK,' published in I90o- AjsswiaJcjl with tlie latter strain of rtmembraiiee will he gome curiosity to know whether France had ivfornwd her convict system befoi-e the war, or whether, if d»e has in .Ujat .connec- tion still Ipft v^mtr^fao&f i|m^r~^bH« she i nght to liave done, die wiil.fmicQait w inform it now. Om* » convict, always n convict was ati early SgKh oeitt^ry f^»cb official dittuni, and even when free of bolts, lads and cliaioB a 'libere' ighmiriis ww^dfc bmpded as a comic-t, and is socially trended as such. Wragge foand in cjttetence in New Caledonia, in 1905, » convict svatetn ecvcj'e and cruel, in which, as a substitute for the lash, there -%vasjthe fitjquentiv aud lengthily Imposed system ot iohtatj -C^^ne^ ment. The load gang By«tentJouij»}ifl«i»' voltiiigly, and tbe nuuupu}a,tor of the |^i- lotine lies pi«vwiti»dt by 0i*-' freqtie&cy ^ executions, from ioeing a nice precision In blsTrr.' WrjjtggeyoT ~tH^Howeiiy jjhrase *fitf ' beauty -loving eve, lov^d the sceneij and \1io~ New Caledonian version* of .His t«*^ rainlli«r7tlie wealheiybpt to spoke a plauT man's mind to Fiance in regaiti to Uie character of -her convict sjstem. Query which wane more recent traveller may be able to anpwei : Is that j\ stem any better HOW^ _._.„..?.. ^..^..^^ _____ . ? _ ?  i MATTERS f * * JM ;| Lord Bennitaii having resigned the j&oyemor^eneralthij}, applications ?for tlngL (rogtfijpn. sire ; invited. X.B. — No 'Australian 'need apply. '-' ? ,'' *- » # . ' f ^ JNfe» ? 8m?th Wales- Political Jjabour Leagu? is knocking hard at the fsovenmient door for the appointment qf Labour members to the Legislative Council. '?? # ? # # ;, -J!le Barlow wa« the only member of ihe government iu Brisbane at the lat ter end of last week. Nctwithsitaudiny; tbifi attention to official duty, this jour ftal finds itself unable to recommend the Queensland Vicar of Bray for ;i port folio iu the next Queensland Ministry, which tvill be Labour. Til© turnover of the four companies comprising the American Beef Trust—. BfessrHi Armour and Co., Mrwra. ^wifty and Co., Messrs. Morris and Go., and tlie Cudahy Packing Company— Aggi*g«ted £l7o,-)OU.mK} lutit- year. The \ droportimiu! contributions-were : 'Swift, Wfflimjm* A*-Hour; £57,000.000; 'UfShrSt, ^5,000,000; and Cudahy, -£lMd0,ttti. ;, A ;.'.;?:?-??'?- v* ???- .*..»?-.. . Kltmtions for the Metropolitan Water and Sew^ra^ Board, at*© nxed for ITeu iHiary 18. Electors should paste, that 4ate iu their -hats — except «f course those who belong to the no-hat league. ? ..#?,*???* ~ A business man in the United St tes. who inherited a fortune, has offered io contribute 50.-M0 dollars to the.'4p- peal to Reason' to assist that hustling Socialist weekly to Secure 1,1KK},000 subscribers, .???.I .«.-?* .- In tteruburg, Germany, the Socialists electejl seven members to the City ' Coun cil - giving 'them a total of 16 but of 30 and j- majority of one. If Brisbane ?wants fco wrogicss like/ up*o-date cities, the ratepayers will got rid of «tone-age bumbles and elect some Labour alder men this trip. * * # Under a Ian in France, dated July 14, 1919, each head of it family who is of- French nationality., and who has more than three children dependent upon iiiwi, is entitled to receive from public funds an annual amount in respect - of each child under thirteen: after the third, in the event of his re sources being insufficient for their up bringing: ? ??-, * . * ' * .„ ? Victoria Premier Watt believes in striking while the iron's hot. ?? Kni boldened by his success in tapping Uncle for a million the other day Uncle bad evidently just risen from a dinner of chicken and champagne — he is back already on the doormat' for an other two aud a quarter millions. Uncle may be feeling 'liverish' this time. * * * Victorian Labour leader Ehnslie is still harping on the broken promises of the Tory Ministers who are alleged to hare offered to give his la to ministry a fair deal-. Why -flog ii dead horsr., or enter into any understanding, on lie half of Labour, with Tory reaction aries? Labour should paddle its own canoe. — * * * . , Stated that the Federal' Cabinet has been considering questions i*v refer to the Premiers' Conference. The inevi table railway uniform gauge its one of them. The Premiers have been -poking, at that subject for many years now and are no fowader than in the beginning. * ,. # ? # . ? . It would be just about in keeping » with lhe character and utility of these picnieing conferences' if questions such as this were submitted to it: The de sirability of increasing the size cf hens' eggs. A spectacle to make tin- gods laugh, or a cat smile — Hoiup Secretary Appp) rebuking: the Brisbane Municipal Council for ndniinisti'ativo backward ness. It is said that Satan sometimes reprover^ sin. Tin's caw proves it. ? * * * Hi»5 Federal Parliament, will likely meet at the la i tor end of 'March or #»arlv in April. * * * 'Lnvc tragediPN.' is h'Wfthp papers r**far to- the iMJittPc «n«*rv dime » pas sion-blinded wrM,oh slaughters the nh -\wt of his animal drsjrnis. -There is no worse mi«iisp of -terms than to di'snij'y Knrdid outbursts of unrestrained passion' hy the gentle name of Lovr. ' - * * # Tlu'y lmvo raided £325,000 for' ;i i.nnuiovi;«l to tl'P- lon^-dead and buried Queen Victoria. How many halfdead vHh-hmurer J)ublin children w*oul-1 that 's!oi,p'' fund sunnlv »vith bn-jid iiiid I'*; I' I'OT. It.po;? ' '?:: * * fi i.- d.'iii^i toils to lic-c«»idid on :i it'.-i in ,? el' public mural.1, theso wicked ti ' ? Ti:\j i'i!J;,|.t' «||.j condemned the wliii1!, liug, gliJe. trot, frolic, scamper, skip, lig. jotiity, or dancfe known as the Tango probably *n-o« ti little staggered wheh/a ^dancing mastet' in .Paris aiose aiid claimed . £40Df) damages, 'alleging that the denunciation aftei'ted his in tpie,«-ts LouaJ Sassioty fs raving mad to soo the tiling that is worth such a thumping big lot. Donald Macmastervoue oi the British Parliamentary iuciiicers recently out hm^ told a BuU audience, when lie ije turncd home, %$i4 *)ihey got to .one place called BilbdMievg*,, -vhere the atit*oritic8 met them, #nd told them, the old ,tale*tiiHt'iJh?y were going too quickly; _;.$*ttfy/. \\-$y&, «9tearic3 to the hotel about .'tvfo or thl^ee hundred yards anay.,aitd wiieii they got there the Sal vation Army band drew \ip in front of it and .'played -'Do, not tarry.' . '. ! , *. :. ?.,?;* - *? ? The new Mayor of Hydu'py. \u\n an nounced ins watchwords — 15conomjT and Efficiency. Thatviias been the tefcerer» typed dreary old motto' of every mayor of every town sinceJ.tue beginning ol ijine. When arc we ^oinj; to jj^oi » little 'originality and find a mayor who, for a cnangc, ' will l»bldfy ajinouiu-e 'Rd'klcss lSxi»eiidjtui;e and (.Joas'you plciist; '* as Jiis policy ? , ' . * , .*? . ?' *? Among lliv'- many dolinitious of genius, says tho ; K-uilopk,M that «J Thomas A. Kdi^oti ;htt| the virtue'1 of brevity, nut to say. wit:., ''Genius is two per cent frisiHration and ninty cight perspiration, ' * :1*v ' ?'#' +'Dre^ed meat in the United States increased 73.8 wcr- cent in price lrou- 1899 to 1909, notwithsta tiding that th^ production kept pace witjh the inci'ease in jmpulation during that . period j ac cordiug to a report by tiie Census Bjircau. Tho total supply of all dressed meats fdjr both years was 10/ pounds fiei* capita, based on the returns of fil^ugh taring houses -»«ly/' Tho foregoing statistics cflcctiveiy clinches ivn-i$ charge «f robbery that has been hurled at tfse Meat Trust in Uncle aain's country. .''.-* : * '?? ? It has bt'en ascertained that /there are 84 cousuiuutives and 4,0 insane ir. t\\n public insiitutions of New Bouth' Wales who have arrived during the past three years from oversea. That doesn't speak too well for State-aided immigra tion. ?#???#. * Policemen iu Maiden, Massachusetts, have been ordered to take tango lessons at the State's expense, not that they may dacitee it, bttt thai they may recog nise it when they see it being danced, and put .into effect a new anti-tango law. * * »- Westraliaii farmers are agreeably as tonished at the suitability, durability, uud low cost of agriculturai impJementf tuTued :mrtntr tlprr^rte^igrirultTiTDi Impleuient Works. * * *. The German Government is proposing to create a State monopoly of lamp oil in order to protect the people from being robbed by the Standard Oil Trust. * * # The Speaker of the United Statei House of Representatives. Mr. Champ Clarke has explained --that' his refusal to a4itend a banquet was because he had been told that the public men who died in Washington due their graves with their own teeth. That was- a warning Against overwork which he took tr heart. Will George Reid take warning, before too late, or cannot it be that our gormandising High Commissioner is banquet proof. * *? # » ? At a thanksgiving service in London jne speaker, instanced Australia as the nily example of a nation being founded (vithout the shedding of blood. lhe shades of those early convicts flogged so bloodily at the **triaugles' doubtless hold a different opitiion. .'.-?* # * In Jvine next an American company will commence exploiting the beds -jf sponges in the neighbourhood of Thurs day Island. Legislation of a restric tive character *is being introduced iu respect both to tlu* Mediterranean and the Florida fishing grounds, witli. the view of preventing those 'beds neing wcrked out. At Thursday Island the sponge beds ha v« never been molested, ind it i« estimated by Mr, MajXf that the sunpjy thei:«' will not be exhausted in 50 years. * # # Jtwcciok thinks tlie vvorjj of the Fede ral Fru'H; Commission is done. Most, of members bold a contrary vjnw. That advance majority report, evidently haw disconcerted Joseph. 8o much did the lp.ss ol Calais to the Eimlisli Crown worry Quce.n Mary, daughter of old Bluebenrd, ' ili;i( sli-3 swore that the name Calais would be found engraved on her heart. Likewise oil e word Syndicalism, will be found on Llu- lump of stone Q at does service for ?i lip;irt of :i certain Torv journal in llrisbam1. * * * At tltu lndii^Lri:il Court iu Sydney la.';t wi'.i')- u OJu'iM'Ke witues.* wun sworn by the blowing out of :i match . 'But aren't you a Christian!''' ha «vus asked. He replied that he wa«. 'Then why,' was the further query, ''/did you swear Ijy blowing out a, match?' Smiling blandly, he replied: .'Kissce book, blotvee match ; nllco same me. I know Jod in heaven,. Day of Judgment come : illee same kiesee book, blowee match! — ?*- * * - . . - 'Genial Dan' O'Connor, a one-time prominent politician in New South Wales, died in the Liverpool State Hos pital during the past week. * # . . .»? 'And when I know how noble natures form under the red rain of war, I deem it true that He who made the earthquakes and the storms perchance made lmttle too.,' ' — Archbishop Alexan der of Armagh., i'igev, tiger, burning bright ! in the forests of tin? Nipit — Ravuning o'er thy prey m glee — Did He who made the lamb make theeF —Blake * * # A Melbourne paper, in discussing Australian public leaders, ladles the treacle, on to 'Victorian Premier .Watt..1 Mur.t b« fishing lor some fat govern ment ads. 1 * « « Wh««n out for boodle, 'Commercialism ?loer-ri't care a Barlow's curse lor native industry. Mr. Hector Marshall, boot tnanufacturer of Rir-jimond - Vitr.), told (he Interstate Commission that his nriii .vas asked io supply a thousand doKcn tiairis of boots branded as American amuufartiire, aiwl« to their credit be it said, thev refused to do so. 1 ?# # ? * . ; For a printing machine that can b- bought for £1(K) by a combine printing firm in Melbourne the price to a. non combine printer is £133. Trusts and combines have a legal right to do this so Jong as the people are fools enough to let them. * # # New South Wales Minister for Educa tion (Mr. Carmichacl) says that it is a mistaken policy to; depend largely on imported men. He is emphatic upon the question of Australia for Austra lians, and is strongly of opinion that it is better, in the interests of national patriotism, discipline, and efficiency, to select our brainiest men and send these abroad in order that they may return as well equipped as- an imported crew m' the world s intellect. The Labour Minister insists that Australians have shown that they can hold their mvn wherever they go, and so say all of us, barring, of course, the AntiNational ists. * * ? At the 'Farmers' Meeting; iu Warwick last week, Behbington, the windy wo.rdv member for Dray ton, was. cen sured for his hostility -to the Via Recta. If Warwick' farmers can help DobbiiiK ton out of Parliament next flection they'll do it. * * # Rev. Wyndhani 8. Heathcote, for merly Anglican clergyman at B'unda berg,__is now minister of the Unitarian Church, Eastern Hill, Melbourne. AVhen in.Bundaberp, Mr. Heathcote cV liye.rp.d some, notable Labour addresses displeasing to Fat. * ? * ?_ * _ ? \o\1 cart't- .Judge a book by its cover and you can't judge a man's nationality by his name. At a 'dinner to Mr. Wil liain M'Millau, a defeated candidate at thfe recent ,|\T,S. W^elections, the singers engaged_Jor „ the occa sion, 4ctuated_bji the best intentions, deluged the gentle man with Scottish songs, -qtiite 'unaware of the fdet that he is an Irishman. ' Use polities, !ia,v.s the veteran London Socialist, Hyndmanu, but don't Jet politics use vou. '? ? .- # The tenacity with which the Tory press clings to outworn arguments and mouldy ideae i« well illustrated in con nection with the election of N.S.W. Ministers by the whole body of the Par-' Hainfttitary party. The. rat press, is actually trying to jeer at Abe proceed ing, apparently oblivious of the fact that the process has come to stay, and that its own views on this subject were rather out of date in progressive circles as far back as the neolithic period. * . . *. # Brisbane 'Telegraph' continues to gird away at Federation with that hope less and incorrigible consistency which distinguishes the iu.sanc. * * # 'J often think1 what must be the feel ings of a girl working at a fashionable milliner's or as a waiter in one of the luxurious West End restaurants. If tlu»pt- people think at all they must be Socialists,' says Dean luge, St.- Paul's, London. * * * The Commonwealth Government under the control of J. Cook is once inore in the comatose state or the som nambulistic stagger. In Um matter of meteorological information,, the wide and vast State, of Queensland has to depend upon its data from the Central station at Brisbane. Thus where the telegraphic system is nearly always rup tured, the isolated cyclonic North doesn't know when to expect the next somersaulting turn from .1. PIuviub. Consequently the North is getting sick of losing thousands of pounds in one act and leaving D. Jones a. ship or two like the Yongala. Townsville decided to get a privately owned station under the control of Inclement 'Wragge. The wind and weather expert will commence the job during 'the next cyclonic season (about April), and iu the meantime will give the telegraphic warnings ut £5 5s. per week. * * * Another tribute is paid to ^he Queensland police, of which Air. Cahill is the boss. In connection with the al leged abduction case .at Bowen, it took something like 150 mounted '.specials' to run the prey to earth iu .something like eight days. It is an up-to-date de partment — the Special — alright. * # «? (Jeorgi; Kox, M.L.A. lor Normanbv, and Mr. A. Jtafl', M.L.C., 'crossed over' to the Great Majority during the past week. * * # Earl Grey, who has 'interests' in Australia, and who is President of the British Women's Emigration Associa tion, is sounding, the several States' Governments with a view to making arrangements \'or tho sending of thou sands of able-bodied women to Austra lia,. -The- iStntes will be asked to bear the coat : .01 building suitable hostels for their reception. The association will supervise the despatch of the women and' supply specially trained matrons to accomnany them. The, noble uEarl will 'jj himself accompany the firafr 'batch M -M 'abie-bodjid-'t --JJ«iB'terB and widows),^! who, presumably, are intended for 1 .domestic service, or as rui'al worker- 1 esses. ' I Consider the Insane rcckle.Ksneas of 'I tjie armaments competition between the I Natious. John Bull shoves another I brick, £4,000,00(3 larger than the grant I for tho previous year, into his National 1 bluey. In the meantime, the .poverty- 1 stricken British worker is wondering m where the next crust is coining Jtojh. S * * * j The Premiers' Conference—the old J annual humbug State political dog- I fight, is once more going to meet. The 1 State irightci (ojv tighter) will hop up 1 off his chair, bang his fist on the table, 1 call tho othor a traitor (withdrawing I each immediately), end up by saying he 1 won't »?ompromis-3 on anything, and I then go into the nearest pub and shout I for tne crowd and n;»y nothing was 1 meant! The subjects that will supply J the material for Mich a drama are. the 1 State Savings Banks, the hoary State j debts, and the costly matter of '\mj. I I'orm gauge, and a heap of sundiies. j Mostly the sundries will be attended to, I and nobody expects anything iuipor- ] tant in the way of the three National I items oozing out of the proceedings. J These will be duly l)pttled up, corked I down, and put in the dusty ' cellar of | forgetf alness for another year, when \ the dreary humbug will be resumed and 1 pat off again — ad innnitum. | Tiio t^uirensland iioiit.iciuu han ii-h\ a I bigger desire to keep in the political 1 pool and swim against the strong cur- I lent of vicissitudes than obstruct the J ''Superman' who risks the splash in I the limelight. Irrespective of whatever 1 political coat lu- wears (or bathing --os- 1 tunie — to preserve the tenor .of the j metaphor), if tbv Bunanalaud M.P. I aan wade through three Parliaments j he gets the royal political Siuino'ie I society's medal — the railway pass for J life. The announcement of the Cabinet, I which was ambiguous — no mention being 1 made about defunct luminaries— di&- 1 tui-bcd the ashes of the political dead. I and the old scalphu liters. are out after j the spoils that are going. The matter 1 is sub judice. 1 * * * I The Brisbauo 'Courier' flourishes its 1 tattered parasol some more (26/1/14): 1 'Cli^ Labour Socialists iu the metropolitan aif» 1 are again drogging )»ar(T ]K-lities iuto -h« I Municipal and Water nud S^weingc BdoiiI rice- 1 tions. It may readiJy i-v; toiictdcd ' tJifet there j is room for improvement in the adtuiniKlrntinn 1 of -thew -bodies, hat there is such n thing an a] yelling imt of the fryhnj jmit iuto the fire. IB Yea, verily, but on the old spinster's I own admission awhile back; in tvhich 1 municipal bungling wa*s exhaustively 1 expatiated upon, ft was never in the | frying pan and always. in the fire. The ' 1 Fevry atrocity and everything else that j the agents of Fat have handled have I sizzled iii the tire. In fact, it has been I a1l~fire. It was time the pan was put 1 on and some decent municipal steak I cooked. Labour will supply the goodt, 1 as it did in expediting the arrival of j the water and sewerage sysfem when | it got thecchance. '1 * * * 1 It is remarkable the fuss the world j makes over u mortal or his belongings 1 years after he has shown the. earth a ? 1 clean pair of heels. Thus the sword' I that Napoleon used at Marengo or | AuEtorlitz is esteemed to be of greater 1 value than the most. sparkling diamond 1 plucked from the earth ; and the poniard I which caused J. Ca?sar.to say au revoir j to Rome and Ambition would probably 1 be M'orth more in the audioncer'p ero J than lhe National debt. Likewise tlis j autographs arid M»S8. of great writers I have been worth more than a musical j score. The journals of Governor Mac- j quarie, which throw a flood of light en 1 Mi© dark and die-mal deeds of early Au:.- 1 trfrliaii settlement, were- purchased rs- I cently for ii\7^(\J Wine isn'l the oak I item that regulates its price accorduijs 1 t-?^ the greyuess of its whisker or Uie 1 duKtiuesfs of its label. 1 * * . # 1 Brisbane's chanter ct horrors for the I present and i)rc\'ious week amply makes j up for the tale o( crinu-s or ch.humHics 1 whiclj usually accompany the Chri-jtma? 1 and New Year holidays. The Wind;.-.'.1 I double murder and suicide, tho iUyiw . I wife-murder and subsequent cOiiff^MJi. 1 and the Taringa Salvation Home borror 1 involving the death by btirniiij.:.- or 1 otherwise of three women., and the i:.rM- j oiih maiming of six others. Jl- it- un «.J.'- I palling list^ 1 - - ; * * * I Acting Premier uud mvlsijp l^u-r:- i bus been 'approaflx'd'7 ajrain in i!'' j interest of the. Master Builders. 7.- h' j going to have the .Savings UaiiJ? IhiukI-'i- 1 tions and other .Uovcrnment bliP'll'i 'r' 1 done by Jogitimati.1 contract -or l;n-lr-' aM day labour? He declines to (oniv.'U rl himself beyond the assurance ihi'.t foi' I his own part ho would prefer contr- ??;!. I but caii't ignore tho depPTtmcntnl dr- I turn that day In hour i.^ nearly ;i )«?;'?-??? | cheaper, and — tbouHi bv doo.-ir'i '?' 'I so — Jess nasty. Hi«1i dnd{rr--^ nffnnl- I iugly among the Hintin A'nii'K :*«??! I l-iirsiULs of Tyro. It ;i Li'lifM'.il tlvwu'-^- J merit can't ?-«?? £iberii.l Lo its ? ' r| 1 backers where dues its vital fuiKU-w 1 come iu. Hey ? I LfTTLE GlllL; 'PIcBse, butchei, an uunce --f scrag m«.'at, off the neck, for fat Lei a breakfast.' ? IN THE 'DEAR' BUY AND BUY.  MEN AND MATTERS The result of the poll taken on Friday for the Kalgoorlie ' seat in the Westra- lian Legislative Assembly was : M'Leod (Labour) .. 1462 Boileau (Liberal) ... 774 Only 55 per cent of the total voted. Sententious remark of a Sydney day- lie: "But South Africa is neither Australia nor Great Britain." Let us hope not. And we further trust it isn't Alaska or India either. It works—that Denham Electorifica- tion Act. In the Paddington electorate there were 5565 names on the old roll. On the gerrymandered new one there are 4348! What a lot of "left," "lost," or "dead" suffragists for the "old cemetery" constituency. The kind of justice which women may expect in a place where Toryism has full sway was shown in Victoria last week. An effort was made by the Labour party in the Legislative Assem- bly to have the wages of women school teachers raised to the level of men doing the same work. The House re- jected the proposal on a party vote, and another amendment to provide that women should receive at least four- fifths of men's salaries was also re- jected, tbe Labour party and one Libe- ral only supporting it. Women of Vic- toria, advance—backwards. Munro-Ferguson, Governor-General, elect, is described as a prominent Im- peralist, a hater of Land Reform, as an owner of 26,000 choice acres in Scot- land should be, and an Ulster reac- tionary. From this it seems that the change from the rather democratic Denman is scarcely an improvement. Still, fortunately, the G.-G. has very little real power, so the difference is of small consequence. Digbydee has been trying to bluff ttie London press that the rise in meat prices is not attributable to the activi- ties of the Trust. The rise in prices, he said, was due to the increased num- ber of consumers and the diversion of Australasian shipments to America and the Continent. Exactly. But who engi- neers and controls those American ship- ments? A reprehensible practice exists in our police court methods. It is the haling of all accused persons, or such as are brought from the cells, before the bench minus collar and tie. The effect of a coat over a collarless shirt is such that even the most respectable and right- thinking person assumes a second rate and low-down appearance, so that an unfortunate is distinctly prejudiced by the half-dressed way he is bundled into court. The least they might be allowed to do is to don collar and tie just prior to entering the chamber. At the monthly meeting of the Dar- ling Downs Federal Labour Executive, held on January 31, it was decided to put the candidate. Paul Bauer, in the field at once and arrange for his visit- ing every centre in the electorate. The Darling Downs is to have a good stumping on this occasion: In response to a deputation from the Sydney Trades and Labour Council, the Minister for Labour indicated pro- bable legislation this year in the direc- tion of establishing a State Registry Offices. If the Minister would only dis- guise himself as a penniless out-of-work and go around a few of the Sydney registry joints he'd not rest until such legislation was accomplished and the private registry rook totally abolished. The director of the Immigration and Tourist Bureau notifies that a scheme is in hand for overcoming the domestic servant problem. Any person in- terested in the same is invited to call at the Immigration Bureau, where the scheme will be explained.—Sydney news item. "The Worker" has a scheme of its own which doesn't require the elabo- rate or mystical explanation which that of the Bureau apparently does. It is here given, gratis for the benefit of Mrs. De Potts Point: Do your own domestic work. It seems that it isn't "hayseed fever" but malignant "Cook-Kellyitis" that has precipitated the G.-G.'s resig- nation. Australia has reason to feel dis- quietude, over the messing and medd- ling of the Cook crowd in regard to the Northern Territory. Ever since it crept into office its baleful eye has been specially fixed on the Territory. It is tinkering with the railway scheme; it is desirous of re-introducing the evils of freehold ; it wants to import cheap Maltese labour; its administration of public enterprises is unsympathetic ; in short, it wants to hand the province over to the boodler lock, stocK, and bar- rel. These sinister moves want watching. N.S.W. Opposition leader Greg. Wade laments copiously in the Bydaey press over the iniquity of the Labour conference's proposal to swamp the Legislative Council. Whyfore the weep ? Hasn't Greg's crowd taken the care to swamp that chamber with pre- ponderating numbers of their own colour all along? What sort of Labour representation did brother Wade ensure in that House? Isn't it logical that the majority in the elected chamber should be properly backed up in the other place—while it exists? So stop squealing, Gregory. "England's difficulty is Ireland's op- portunity," used to be the old "Sedi- tious"' cry. Npw it looks as if Carson's contumacy leaves Asquith and Redmond no Ulsternative but guns or submission. The Ma State's big saw mill and tim- ber yard in Sydney was destroyed by fire during the week. And Ma hadn't that timber yard very long. Lets see! Whose interest was it to block Ma's public enterprise venture becoming a successful lesson? Jasper Harvey, who was prominent in Liberal politics and contested a num- ber of elections, passed away during the week at Brisbane General Hospital. He had been ailing for some time. The "Liberal" Jokook, with doubt- less an industrial afterthought at the back of his head, has created another Federal Department. "The activities ot this branch of the Home Affairs de- partment," says he "have grown so much that the Government has decided to remove them from the control of the Home Affairs department, and create a separate department, to be known at the Works' Construction department. The affairs of this brauch will be ad- ministered by another Minister. This will mean the allotment of another portfolio in the Cabinet." Who'll be the other "Willie" Kelly ? The deeds of the N.S.W. Labour Government will be watched with in- terest by Labour's eyes throughout Australia. The Holman team have a splendid chance to make history for themselves and the movement. Commodore Toni Welsby and the 'yotting' fraternity gerietally, will be sorry, but there is no help for it. The fiat has gone forth. Instead of being handed over as a pleasure reserve, St. Helena is to be retained to serve its ancient mission as a place of punish- ment. The inexorable Appel has seen and approved of the sketch plans of new prison buildings of brick and con- crete, to make them more resistant to fire than the present wooden buildiugs. The location would be higher and bet- ter, being open to the prevailing breeze, so that there would be ample ventilation. The prison would be on the most modern and up-to-date lines. Single cells would replace the asso- ciated cells, and provision would be made for lighting the quarters of the prisoners who secured privileges by good conduct. In order to justify their unspeakable conduct towards the Labour leaders in South Africa the brutal Botha brigade claim that they have proof of a plot by the deported leaders to capture the Botha Ministry, or put it out of the way, and to declare a Labour Republic. The details, it is said, are to be revealed when Parliament meets. Is any more evidence wanted after this that Botha, Smuts, and a few others want to be examined by a specialist in mind diseases and hallucinations? A member of the Canadian House of Commons introduced a bill the other day for the purpose of abolishing titles to Canadian citizens. There being evi- dently a majority of title hungry Lili- putians in the Chamber, the bill was defeated on the second reading. We in Australia can very well afford to dis- pense with these differentiations. A flagrant act of betrayal of the people of the Commonwealth has been performed by their National (save the mark) Government, which has renegged on the national endorsed policy of day labour under departmental control for the Transcontinental line, and passed the tit-bit over to its private enterprise pals. What do Australians think of a spineless Government like that ? Henry Deane, Engiueer-in-Chief to the Commonwealth, has resigned his job. Considering that the calamitous Cook crowd have now handed over the big Transcontinenta railway to their private enterprise friends, Henry ap- parently had little choice in the mat- ter—though he officially attributes his action to ill-health. Archbishop Duhig has suggested that Government pastoral stations for train- ing young men should be established in North, Central, and South-west Queens- land. Agricultural Johnny White says that "the Agricultural College at Gat- ton has now provided for that to a very large extent. There, instruction in sheep raising, wool classing, and every- thing connected with sheep is given. Once a week students are taken out by the principal to give them the points on dairy cattle, fat stock, etc. Ob- viously Johnny is a man of boundless faith. Aaron Burr, Vice-President of America iu Washington's time, once undertook to define judge-made law. "The law," he said, "is whatever is boldly asserted uud plausibly main- tained." They tell us Socialism will kill men's ambition. Let's see. The average man's ambition to-day is to hold his job and save enough to keep himself from going into the poorhouse when he gets too old to work. Seems like we might dispense with this kind of am- bition. Socialism will guarantee every man a job and banish the fear of losing it, his ambition will not be ilmited to the mere getting of a living. Because he resented the deserved lash of the paper's criticism, Tory Pro- mier Peake of S. A. has boycotted the Labour "Daily Herald" by refusing to see its representative or supply the journal with administrative news, Really, Peake ought to go to school again. A Canadian politician recently adopted a hunger strike so that he might escape examination at the bar of the House. We recommend the idea to G. H. Reid as a pleasant alternative to advertising Australia by rather over- done guzzling exhibitions. The Flinders 6ft. over its banks and the Barcoo at Tambo half a banker last week, must have been like angels' visits to the denizens of the Central and North-West. Inconvenient, per- haps, but wholly conducive to cheerful- ness, as, ordinarily, those renowned streams are anything but Mississippi- like for depth and flow. A certain Q. farmer who, with a lot of other mugs, was bluffed by the Rand moneybugs into taking part in the Boer war is apparently still hypnotised by Capitalistic cant. In speaking of Botha he said he had had the honour of fighting against him in the South African war. Honour ! Honour of fighting for rascally landlordsl ! 'Tis a strange world. An erudite Sydney paper refers to the German Premier, D. Bethmann von Hollweg, as Dr. Hollweg von Beth- mann. If it isn't careful it will be describing the Fusion leader as Mr. Cook Joseph. Juarez Franciso Guzman, who figured prominently in the revolt against the Madero regime, has been executed in the yard of his house.—Cable item. Come to think of it "executed" does sound rather politer than "murdered," which is the term the rough man who calls a spade a spade would use. "The longer the civil strife lasts in Mexico," says the "Courier" in dis- cussing the position of the armament makers, "the greater will the harvest of those gentlemen be." Good gracious! all along we've imagined that there was a blood-thirsty slaughter going on in Mexico Now we learn it is quite a civil proceeding. Only the poor are troubled by their consciences. That's why they're poor. Some weeks ago when the North, in desperation on account of the Cook Government's torpor, threatened to start a meteorological bureau of its own, it spoke belore it thought. It now appears that the weather station will cost more than the enthusiasts can afford. Telegrams alone make an item that would form the nucleus of another national elebt, a rough estimate show- ing that at least £1000 per year would have to be earmarked for that purpose. So if the Inclement weather prophet, Wragge, can't be decoyed from Windy Wellington on five guineas a week, the cyclonic North will have to do a little amateur star gazing off its own bat (that hasn't a hole in it) ! "If politics are impure and dirty," observes a prominent politician, "then it is important that women should enter them for their improvement." The City Council has a lamentable lack of delicacy and consideration for the fair sex. Looking around this dusty, insanitary metropolis, one espies no public conveniences marked "ladies," while not a public waiting room exists on the black landscape. What a shocking disregard for the gentle half of the race. The genus "gentlemen" seems to be the only af- fair studied in the matter at all—and very stingily at that. Surely the cor- pulent "littlemen" that run the municipality haven't forgotten the charming section of the law of etiquette which says "ladies first." If not, why not? Some people have strange notions of what would do women good. An up-country-newspaper, in noting the successful career of a venerable man who had recently died, made the start- ling statement that he "was born without a shilling in his pocket." We can understand the case with which a fool and. his money are parted, but what puzzles us is how the fool got the money to part with. Dr. Gilruth's summary summons to Melbourne to confer with the Federal Government on questions of policy (?) in taken as an indication of the early resignation of the N.T. Administrator. Manifestly it is the aim of the Fusion- ite Liberals to reverse all possible Labour administration, and to hound Labour appointees out of office. But there are hardly enough Liberal hounds to accomplish it. The same old coterie of stupidity has once more emerged from the municipal ring victorious, and so the squalid sloth and blunder will march arm in arm for another year. Labour on its first trial was beaten on electioneering points. It may be relied upon to put up a more conceited struggle next time. The rebuff, as usual, was due to the lazy sympathiser who stopped at home and left his most tangible form of sympathy—the vote—unrecorded. It is this sleeping type of supporter that has kept Labour standing still and put back the hands of Democracy's clock by decades at a time. And it's not too soon to set the alarm clock for the threatened Federal elections, and to get things shaped for the State ap- peal early next year also—thought it may happen sooner. Peake, the S.A. Tory Premier and his 'Torney-General arc endeavouring to bring the "Herald" (Labour Daily) to heel by refusing to give them any Government news. Some Brisbane Tory potentates wanted the same course taken with the Brisbane "Standard," when it started, but to Denham's credit he wasn't on—or wasn't game. Lifted from a Toowoomba Tory rag: Officers of the inquiry branch of the Lands Department report that the number of people regarding land since the beginning of the year constitutes a record. Included among those inquiring are many New South Wales settlers. who desire land. The officers are unable to account for the feature unless it is due to the result of the recent State elections in New South Wales. The foregoing is a choice specimen of the kind of pap the average Tory paper fancies its readers can mentally assimi- late. We think the movement is just as likely to be due to sunspots or the eruption of Sakurashima. * * * A deputation of country magnates waited on Railways Paget during the week and asked that the valuations put on the land in the benefited area of the Pittsworth-Millimerran line should be re- duced. They were dead scared that the valuations for Federal Land Tax pur- poses would be on the elevated rate of the railway valuations. It would be interesting to know whether any of these worthies would very readily let their land go to any prospective buyer at the rate they desire them valued for taxation at. Adniir.il Tirplitz, German Naval Minister, says Britain's ratio of 16 battleships to 10 was still acceptable, but a 'naval holiday' was unrealisable. It's realisable enough—but no good to the armament and iron trusts. These, apparently, are the parties to be suited. Mr. J. W. Bleakley has been ap- pointed Chief Protector of Aborigines in succession to Mr. R. B. Howard, who recently resigned. Mr. F. Loose fills Mr. Bleakley's shoes as Deputy Protector. Lloyd George says that it cost Glas- gow, as a community, and a fool com- munity at that, a quarter of a million to clear a slum area which the land- lords should fittingly and properly have been compelled to clear as a nuisance— at their own expense. Is there a point in this for Brisbane, Mayor Jenkinson? The economic iniquity of the indi- vidual pouching the profits, or unearned increment created by the instrumen- tality of the general community, is strikingly illustrated in the case of the Earl of Derby, whose offer to sell cer- tain of his property for £1,5o0,000 has been accepted by Baron De Forrest. Thee latter, writing to the Earl of Derby, remarked that the site at Bootle was bought by the Derby family in 1724 for £7000. The annual income from it to-day was not less than £100,000. Some call this speculation— others robbery. Anyhow ther's a mighty big moral in it. A notable instance of practical frater- nity has been afforded by the action of the A.W.U. Conference, now sitting in Sydney. Mr. R. Semple, the well- known organiser of the New Zealand United Federation of Labour, appeared before the Convention to make an ap- peal for a loan to the N.Z. Federation and the Social Democratic party of £1000 to enable those bodies to carry out a vigorous political campaign. On the motion of delegate Harry Coyne, a resolution to grant such loan was unanimously carried. The jingling of Bananaland's bor- rowed beans by Victoria has ended, and the £500,000 that Barnes didn't want, at a time when fuming deputations all over the country were shouting for those promised railways—has been re- paid. The big heartedness cl this stony-broke debt-ridden State in lend- ing its impecunious Tory brother this sum while the bleeding country was famishing is really beautiful. Tory charity always begins away from home. What brotherly love for the foreigner ! In South African Parliament Minis- ter Smuts tabled a return showing that 38 secret outrages had been committed or attempted during January, includ- ing 12 finds of dynamite on the rail- roads. Perhaps Mr. Smuts could dis- close the names of the Ministry's agents who put the dynamite there if he cared to! As to 38 alleged offences, if such a large number of strikers were destructively bent, 38,000 would be a nearer figure. Smuts, Smuts, get the cap and bells. 