 WEATHER FORECASTING. -- - EXPERTS SOEPTICAL OF 'MI WRAGGE. MIr Clement .ragge has joined issue with the Commonwealth meteorologist (Mr H. A. llunt) again, this. time with regard to theirecentcyclone which played such havoc on the north-west coast of the countinent, and proved so disastrous to shipping. Mr C regio says that if the Queensland Weather lBurean, of which lie was, prior to Federation, the chief, was still in existence, and forecasts were issued from Brisbane instead of from Melbourne, as at present, three days' warnilng at least couhl lhave been given of the cyclone oa the other side of the continellt. The divisional officer for NSew South \Vales (Mr Wilson), of the Comnmon wealth Bureau, told a reporter in Sydney that, like Ihis chief, Mr Hunt, hie did not wish to enter into a controversy with ,Mr Wragge, but the. latter was certainly tnalking at random. sr Wragge would have been In the esame fix if hie hadl re ceived ino data through telegraphic inteiruptioila. Along tile coast line Condn, Cpesaek, Ntullnyine, Onslow, Winning Palt, Careavou, tiamelin Pool, Geraldton, and -Perth were each equipped with a mercurial barometer, rain gauge, inax imum, minimum, dry end' wet tllermometer, and aneroid bhromleter. "Careful reading of the elierofl Ibaroeter alonlo would show," said Mr Wilaon, " that the storm was coming, niid allow of warning being given locally.  WEATHER THEORIES M r. Clement Wragge, tile well-known meteorologist, delivered one of his in teresting lecitures at Hlowlong recently before a largo and appreciative audience. Mr. Vragge again dealt with Ihis sun-spot theory as affecting the rainfall. He bed predictel that 1912 would be a year of - rainfall below tile average, and his prediction had been borne oul. He ex pected tthat 11113 would be a lean- year, although probably tile rainfall would be greater than during 1912. From 1013 however, the seasons would improve, and the rainfall would be Ienerous for the 111t4 to 1922, after whltch another drf" spell could be expected. Mr. Ogg, another meteorologist, says thalt thIe first six montlhs of 11)13 are going to be fairly good ones, but' tot so wlth the last six. lie predictions publisbed towards the etd ef last year wsbr vert ccutrate. ite predicts a climtax towardl thoondol February, when heavy floods are to overtake a number of dist ictel; After February a pieponderance of anti; cyclonic i'nfluenco will bring dry and pleasant weather with a slild autuman Ieuctical rains and loods are to overtakb the Southern Stantes I the early winter; btut the weathler is to be cold, and froets nore nulmeroust anid mnore severe tbadt the average. 'Light and patchy epring rine, with insullicelont rainfall' in ouode districts, are foretold. Tihe eusunie'r raiet ill prove unseatisfactory. ie 'says, tonl ' thle theant crops awill be very lIght. 