 MR. -,WRAGGE'S LECTURES. Sublime Subjects. Mr Clement L. W:ragge,;, the eminent astronomer and ecietnisf` :delivered two lectures at Euroa this week to attentive and appreciative audiences.e 'A voyage through the universe,' and 'The Majesty of Creation,' were indeed mental treats such as are seldom offered to provincial audi ences; ..The. lecturer's method and manner of delivery, his whole souled enthusiasm for cthe temple of the s'niverse, :;is cut. sting. sarcasms on the follies and foibles 'of the day, and his idexhaustible fund. ofr huamor, held the concentrated attention of the audion:es from start to finish, and there were few who left the hall without.a feel ing that they had been permitted to dwell for a short time n a - higher plane of existence. Mr Wragge's addresses really ,repesenrt.d a, body-anl-soul uplift ,thas :tgit"t ,e Ineasured and weighed' in ?foot" pounds. The abyssmal distances "between the sins that deck the heavens, their num. her as the sands of the sea shore when shown to the eye by the pLotographic plate, the cyclonic storms of the sun, the immense energy of his 'wireless' conhection with the earth and planets, the dead and blasted surface of the moon-all formed enchanting sections of discourse, The marvels of radium, which is continually throwing oil flying particles at Inconceilable speed,were detailed and exhibited, and an emphasis was laid on the 'oneness' of creation-the biraking.np of radium into electrons and ether vibrations wds on all-fours with the evolution'of worlds.. The supra-world and the i nfra-world were alike governed by the same principles,oledlent to the same mighty laws . The infinitely smalland the infinitely great responded and interacted with all cr etion; there was music everywhere, though the gross senses of man rmight not yet be in a position to receive more than a small portion of it. A flower, was music; the rainbow gives to the eye the musical scle in color; the spin of the atom was music; and star sang to.gtar from Infinity to infinity. In the silent midnight watches, when the astronomer was alone withr the. majesty of the eternal, his soul went outini adoration of the mighty architect, and came into tune with the thoughts of the sweet singer who sang-'The heavens de= clare the glory of the Lord, and the firma ment showeth His handiwork.' The lee turer was succeasful in imbuing his audi ences with this dominant note, enabling them for a short, fleeting time, to drop the artificial nothingnesses by which mjst men and women's lives are submerged, causing them to realise that, in the power to sweep and weigh the heavens, to analyse the molecule, to measure the etheric (or Gamma) heart-beats of radium, to catch the voice of deep calling unto deep, of Ilanet- unto planet, man possesses attributes little lower than the angels if he only allows his soul to: -wing in tune with the majesty and music of the iiniverse. 