 Correspondence. MR. WRAGGE A MD RM. HUNT. (To -the Editor " Horsham Times.") Sir,-A paragraph has appeared in a -uelbourne paper, which stated that Senator -Maughan had requested in the Senite that a more efficient sys tern of weather-waining stations should be established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast, and that the Commonwealth Meteorolo gist has intimated that the Brisbane ieteorological Observatory is not up to-date. For '16 years I was head of the Queensland 3eteorological ser vice, and during thattime I esfab lished, as Mr Robert 'Philp, a former Premier, fully admitted, "a meteoro logical and weather-warning system second to none in the world." I had everything first-class when I left Queensland in 1903, and, as every body knows, I used to issue weather forecasts for every part of Austra lasia, which were verified to 93 per cent. in accuracy. Mr JHunt has done me a cruel wrong, and I can only look to an impartial and just public and Press for some nmeasure of redress. The Commonwealth Mleteo rologist talks of installing new in struments, specially suited to the nor thern climate. Allow me to say that I personally- lixed in position in Queensland the vesy best standard in struments in all parts of the coun tIT, including Cape York Peninsula and the far west. Such instruments are available all the world over, and the sooner, that the Minister in charge and Senators generally realise this and ask a few pertinent questions in tihe Senate the better it will be for Ite general public- and shipping. My vote was only £11500 a year, and the amount now granted to the Weather Bureau exceeds, I understand, £2,000 annually. C;reat goodness ! Nliat do they do with the money ? What have they done with it ? The Koombana went down. and so did the Yongala, and not a word of warning appears to have been issued ir I ,. lm i--..I Meteorologist, who just lately has been conductin na series of rotesquce experiments in Mlelbourne, showimn how thoe last-namsed steamer must have foundered. That is great- c6n solation truly to widows and orphan ed -children i If the Queensland Wea fher I1urean had been operating under my regime, most ample warning would have been given. Tn existing circumistances a special Weather 4ureau ought to be estallish ed at Cairns or Townsville before tle hurricane months. entirely indepen4 dent of Federal control, and the sooner this is dlone the better. The whole matter is in thei hands of the public, and so I leave it. " Let jus tice be done tho1ugh the heavens faill." --Yours, etc., CLEMIENT L. WRAGGE, F.R.GC.S., P.11. ret. Soc., &c., late Government Meteorologist of Queensland (formerly of len nl evis Observatory, Scotland). Birkenhead. Auckland, N.Z.  FAITHFUL WE.ATIHER PREDICTION. When the town.of' Mackay,; i; Queensi land, was destroyed early in the pre sent year Mr. Clement: Wragge pre slicted -a recurrence of -the tempestuous weather, adding that it would pro bably affect- New Zealand seriously. La"t-..week the prophecy was fulfilled so far as portion of Qpeensland is con cerned. Now New Zealand has had its visitation,, as the following, tele graphed to' the Argus on Twuirsd y by its Wellington correspondent shows : "The weather conditions- in' Ne- . Zea jand arei assuming 4 somewhat serious aspect. There is- every indication of the arrival of the cyclone which the Government meteorologist predicted yesterday. Manganui reports that a big bush and grass fire is raging, aind is fanned by one of the heaviest gales ever experienced. At Westmere the Presbyterian church has been lifted bodily over bloc';s by the gale. Worse news comes from Ohakune, the centre of a saw-milling district., on the lanin trunk line from Wellington to ,Auck land. Raetihi township has been al most) destroyed, and mann vettllts have been burntout.. Relief trains are tnk ing people to Oh??,ne. . Cyclonic wind-stonms have been raging in the district since vesterday . Shipping. has been. considerably delayed in . parts. There "was a north-easterly gale at Nel son, accompanied by- heavy rain. Por tion of the town is submerged, trees lhave been uprooted, and a flood is feared. Details are awaited, especially fromn Auckland, but are unavailable owing to the almost general break dows of telegraphic comimunication."  Primeval Earth (To the editor of the Horsham Times.) Sir,-The anticyclones and cyclones are governed by eternal law and order like other manifestations in an endless universe; and by their interaction and mutual interdependence we get rain and sunshine, calms and gales in accordanee with the action of minor laws and effects in relation to latitude and physical geography. Does Mr. Lawson, who is an aggregation of corpuscular mites crystallised into dense corporeal form like the rest of usin an all pervading ethereal ocean, really mean to say that if he prays to the Most High, asking Him to change for his (Mr. Lawson's) benefit the contouring of the barometric gra dients so as to produce rain when his neighbor that he should love as him self wants fine weather for washing day his prayer will be answered? It is high time that Mr. Lawson — and my best salaams to him — got a higher conception of that Eternal Energy Whom men call God. Let him pray for enlightenment and Divine wisdom. As to Faith, I ask him point blank to answer for the public benefit, directly and without evasion, each of the following questions: (1) What have you to say from your point of view about the human skull lately found in Correze, France, dating back 300,000 years, and of the other skull just discovered in Spain going back to 600,000 years, which were pictured and specially referred to in the Illustrated London News ? And do you think that the geologists and anthropologists of Europe are all fools ? (2) How do you account for the discovery of the remains of tropical flora and fauna by Commander Peary near the North Pole, and of coal mea- sures by Sir Ernest Shachleton near the South Pole ? (3) What was the origin of the gig- antic statues in human form, some of which are 36 feet high, and of the marvellous script to b found in Eas ter Island? (1t) What is the history of .Easter Island, and by what, means were it and Tierra Del Fuego first inhabited ? (5) What have you to say about the ancient sacred books of the East — far more ancient than the Bible. (6) Do you believe that Samuel hewed Agag in pieces acting on the direct command of the Most High; or the Infinite Dynamo of an Eternal Cosmos'? . (7) Do you believe that all men — Mohamedans, Hindus — and all the rest — except Christians of the Elect, what ever that may mean, are, or were in danger of EVERLASTING damnation because a poor, frail woman some 6000 years ago is alleged to have eaten an apple. (8) Who was Moses, and what of his credentials for a accuracy and up-to date journalism? Now, Faith, my dear fellow — and my love to you — answer these questions straightforwardly, clear the ground once and for all, and don't needlessly occupy space in a valuable paper — Yours, etc, CLEMENT L WRAGGE  OTHER TOWNS DA).LMAILED. Cfho postmaster at 31ount Garnet tele graphs that the cyclone struck that town on Monday at S p.m., causing considerable damage and lasting for eight. hours. Tao stores suffered hea ily,, but the post ollice escapld, and there was no loss ot life. Six and a half inches of rain had fallen during the night. At Cardwell a cyclonic storm oc cllrred on -Sunday afternoon, continu ing from 3 p.m. till 5 a.m. on blon day. During the stornt the sea rose to a tremendous height. Several buildings were slightly damaged. The - The ettly was demolished, and of two motor boats used fior meeting steamers to receive mails and cargo one was sunk and the other stranded. All small boats had bet: destroyed. 'he re-apllearanee of this c?;clone ,as foretold early in hebruarv by .Mr. tltoment Wragge.  31 INTEIRESTING PREDICTION? In view of the rbcurrence of cyclones over 1the eastern part ,of 'Australia it is Interesting to recall a prediction which was made by Xr. Clement Wragge at the time of the disaster at Makay-. "Atmospheric conditions," Mr. Wragge said, "are very perturbed within lower latitudes than that of Auckland, espe cially over alt North Cape, the Kerma decs, Tonga, Fiji, New Caledonia, Nor folk Island, and the coasts of Queens= land and New South Wales. A close watch should- bd kept on the baro meter. The disastrous storms in Queensland, coupled with the floods, are sufficient indication of the general type of weather, and in various parts of the eastern half of Australia there may, and probably will, be a renewan of such before let April, hence every precaution should be taken. As stated in January, the coast of "Western Aus, tralia,-north from Shark ilay,- may be affected bye- winds of the hurricane type;, and the pearling fleets should be on the alert. I am confirmed in the opinion that the southern edges of the tropical disturbances will pass further south than.usual, and ,their penumbrae may even extend .to the Bay of Plenty and, Ha'wke's Bay, N.Z;, under . cur. rents from between south-east, east, north-east( and north, shifting' westerly; blowing strong; and with a very con -iderable rainfall -before two months have elapsed. These conditions -are mainly due to abnormal solar in fluence."  : LOOKING : BACKWAID." The following is an, extract from a rd port which appeared in '! The Horshnm Times" of a lecture delivered in,. Hor shak? lyi Mr. Clement L. Wragge on De cember 10th, 1002 :-" The trough of the sun spot minimum thrgugh which we had been passing fell about the end" of 1900, and the :succeeding , minimum was due about 1911. Thus we omight expect in creased -energy in our atmospheric sys tem-cyclone and anti-cycle such as have lately been experienced in Queenstand and Now:South- Wales, with dn increase in rainfall.' While the more liberal rain fall was in shason preparation should to made for the follo-wing minimum, due about 191-1. Let the rivers be iocked and other steps takens to cnuserve the water and minimise the evils of drtought. Ifesdid not say that a maximm -.rain fall would actually be -experienced pre cisely at:the time n-amed, but he would bay that goodseasons .were surely evolv Ing-that -1903 would witness a marked difference. and that 1904-5-6 would pro bably be good years in these Austral lands. If the drodght would only arouse the people of this great country and teach them a- lesson--to -conserve water when there was plenty, and to lock the rivers,-then it would not have been all loss." 