 PREDICTIH- THE WEATHER. SEIPTLED TILL 1930. 31R. WIRAGGE AND THE SUNSPOTS. I in these days, when those once hon- d oured prohets of the. weather-the t corns and-gouty. limbs of. our elders- t have given place to scientific forecast, the farming community - haigs with bated breath upon the utterance of the experts. The Auckland (N.Z.) "Star" inter viewed Mr.Clement Wragge,F.lR.G.S. -the one-time -. Queensland -Govern ment Meteorologist,and the foreteller of the disastrous Australian droughts -at his.home. at Birkenhead the other day. Mr. Wragge willingly acquiesced when asked if he could venture a fore cast. The celebrated weather pro phet lives in intimate communion with the weather portents. An odd looking ,barometer was at his elbow i1 his. queer workshop-like 'study ; shelves of meteorological tomes line the room. Outside was a box-like structure, which, to the uninitiatel, might have been a meat safe or a bird cage. It was, in fact, a-miniature ob servatory, in which clockwork and electrical instruments registered the vagaries of the atmosphere, or turn ed turtle, by an alarum arrangement, to tell the state of the temperature at a given time of night. The meteorologist, fetched a huge 1 telescope. formidable as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting rays of the sun, and allowed a bright half crown of light from the lens--the photograph of the sun--to play on a white blotting pad. "No sunspots and no rain just yet," was the rueful verdict. "I've been I expecting one just lately. It should 4 appear shortly on the edge of the sun, and when it works to the centre, conditions will be favorable for rain.' The prophet then gave the barome ter a professional tap, jotted down a figure, and dubiously said "Umph." Producing a chart of the Australian regions, lie went outside to test the direction of -the wind and to find the lay of the low atmospheric pressure I regionl, and then commenced to rapid ly draw wavy "isobars" on the chart. S LOOKING AHEAID. Mr. Wraggo has computed forecasts of- the seasons for Australia up till 1930, and these, he says, are applic able to New Zoalanul, with slight moderations owing to physical and geographical reasdns.During 1914 and part of 1915, he says, the rainfall, "taking Australia as a whole" will doubtless be under the average. This by no means implies that there will be no rains. On the contrary, good intervening rains will occur, and the last part of the period will be better than the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards, the rainfall will mark edly increase, and fromn 1910 to 1920 inclusive the seasons will be distinct ly good with abundant precipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to steadily fall off, and the worst part of the next great" "under average" period will be in 1923 and 1924. Aus tralians will be justified in calling that a drought. In 1925 matters will be gin to improve, and good seasons will prevail- from 1926 to 1930. These forecasts, explained Mr. Wragge, are mainly based on the physical conditions of the sun with re tespt to its maxima and minima moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we are nearing the cnd of the solar mniuimui,-or the period when the fearfil cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we onil earth have no conception, were least violent. The maximum period would com aence at thel, eld of 1015, and ,tutil then although lie did not expect the seasons to be so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must not be anticipat ed. lntervening rains in New Zea land should give a heavier fall than in Australia. In the droughts lie pre dicted, New Zealand would not suffer to the same extent as Australia ow ing to its climate being insular whereas that of the latter was contin ental. 