 Northern Meteorological Station. (By Telegraph). CAIRNS, January 23. The Chamber of Commerce this af ternoon discussed the establishment of a meteorological station. Mr. Donald son produced a letter from Mr. Cle ment Wragge to Captain Irvine. Men tion was made of what had been done in Townaville, and general approval was expressed at the action, and the locality was agreed to after considera tion. Mr. Warner said the object was to have the station erected. It was thought by some members that a com munication would have been received from Townsville. Mr. Donadson suggested asking the Mayor to write to Townsville, asking what had .been done, as co-operation between both towns was a necessity. He outlined the proposal of Captain Irvine to raise money by public sub scription in Southern centres of population, as well as throughout the North, and also asking shipping com panies to co-operate. The Chamber should ask Townsville to forward par ticulars and information by the ear liest mall, or perhaps by telegram. This suggestion was agreed to. A motion was carried to ask the Mayor to convene a public meeting as soon as advice was received from Townsville. At a public meeting in Townsville on Thursday to consider the establish ment of a meteorological station for the North during the cyclonic season. The Federal Government's refusal to take action was condemned, and it was decided to put in hand a scheme for a private station for the North. Mr. H. B. Marks was appointed sec retary, and a committee formed con sisting of the Mayor, Ald. R. W. Mc Clelland, and Messrs. C. Short, L. C. Woolrych, E. Aldons, G. H. Moore, and J. Donaldson. It was suggested that the shipping companies, Marine Insurance companies, coastal local Authorities, and the Yongala Relief Fund be asked to contribute. Mr. Clement Wragge had forwarded de tails of a scheme, and it was decided to cable him In New Zealand, ask ing him if he would accept certain terms offered. It is understood the trustees of the Yongala Relief Fund, have, consented to contribute £100, provided the balance required, about £325, was raised. Free land tele grams will be asked for from the Federal Government. It bals been decided to erect a hos pital at Ayr, tbe building and equip ment to cost abbttt £2500. £200 bas been cWlectid, of. Milch the. efforts of the ladles wire Mspbnslble for £178, and further promises represent £60. "Mr. A. E. Deab has been sp pnlnted Secretary at a salary of £100 per annum, .a cbtnmlttee appointed.' wlille.the appointment of a ladles' was left in the hands of, the ladles.' v . ' j  . Seasons and Solar Systems. MR. SVRAGGB'B HHMJ FORECAST. WHEN "'WILDBRNESSEIS BECOME SAUL0NG EDEN6." (Sydn&yj "Sun."| . Some remarks eMrtbutied to Mr. Clement L. Wrag^e, wihose nssne as a meteoerolQgist Is known the world over, by a Melbourne paper a abort while ago, "csat a gloam," ae the liaatli notices oay, over the Jammers and pastarallsts of AwBtmleaia. But it seems that Mr. Wna©ge did not say tvhat hie is said mo have ss>d, bo, this moralng he set himself ri#it wtthl those gentiepiea who toliaw the cutt at tbe land, sheep, bone, or can, as a profession, and Mlfe tbe oenmtry gen ewflly. Said the big cttltef Weather prophet bertrwegn plp^puBs end re-lights. "A tew weeks «e» I game a forecast to the Melbourne "Age," and stated that between 1510 and 1916, or ait Hie utmost 191G, Oit> ratataU'ln Australia as. a whole would toll below the anrer tage. Sudh la iiaden&ood by the word 'drought,' remembering tUat drought, meteorologically understood, means precipitation under the average amount, and does not necessarily Im ply euch a drought as that .which waa experienced In 1901-2. I further gta»j ted, at Implied, that tibe tailing under the average (05 'drought') would be more pronounced In the island dis tricts of Australia than would be the case near the coast; and Chat U pastor lists, farmers, and others were rtk they would not ovenatocik, but would conserve water while It Is yet here, and would certainly make ensilage and store up tedder Instead of burning It and letting It go to waste. Bueh teaching. It would be uoderettwd, 1b thoroughly In Harmony with the parable at the 10 -virgins, five of whom were wise, and five were foolish. KO PROPHECY OF "SEVERS DROUHOT." "Ifow, the report was Immediately clrculat^, and particularly la Glpps lnnd and pjrts at.New South Wales, that Mr. M'lagge had spid that Aus tralia was on the ere ot six years o( 'severe drought.' 1 never.used those words, and stllictly adhere to what has already been said In the foregoing namely, that a deficiency ot rainfall, more or less, Will tie experienced With in or during the period named, and this is the very best that meteorologic al science can give at this present stage In the history ot weather Btudy" "On what do you base your con clusions, Mr. Wragge 7" "My answer la threefold. To fore cast seasons one muat'etudy first the physical condition ot the sun, with re spect to what are known as Us max ima and minima moods; secondly,.the astronomical position ot the moon, anjd the swing ot lunar decUmaitiUm North and South Irom the equator, which produces tides in the atmos phere analogous to those produced in the ocean; and thirdly, tile perturba tions produced on this planet, and its atmosphere by the astronomical po sitions ot our teltow-plaoets. This latter is very complex, and for the sub-; Ject of our interview may be practical ly waived. "To speak particularly with respect to the sun. It is now well known that that subtle medium caBed the ether, by which wireless telegraphy becomes possible, is, in reality, tlio all-pervading ocean of electricity that links together everything that 1b In the vast abysses of the eternal heavens called the Supra-Buiverse-and every thing that 1B In the profundities of the Infr^-Universe-toy which is meant the &lt; atoms, molecules, germs, corpuscles, and electrons. In a word, everything is linked up by the ethor, and every thing forms part End parcel at every- ? thing else; and it is ell the mme story from the ccipuacle to the mighty ran Canopus. And, as our sun, milliards of years ago, was burled off from a tmacj! of distinguishing nebula, bo was this eartti cast off from the sun by a progess analogous to the disintegration ot the radium atom about 900,000,000 years ago, as far as science can. at. prese&t Ht the period, and the moon in its turn waa hurled off the Girth. Our fellow-planets, also, were hurtled Into space from the solar orb at dif ferent periods In the history ot our solar system. WIRELSSS TO THE SUN. "Bearing In mind, then, what lias al ready been said, It will ait ones be con. coded that the earth and the sun are in hannony, or linked up by 'wireless-' through 93 millions of miles, .ind they a.s the eroal hydrogen flames leapt from the sun's photosphere to a height «veu exceeding 334,000 miles, and as (he ereot storms, called sun spots, break out, some bsvlne diameters of from 80,000 to 80,000 miles, hurl OS vibrations or pulsations to the very ether ltaelt which are analogous to Marconi waives. Such may also be likened-to give a popular Idea-to the wares formed In water when a 'stone Is thrown' in. Under the Tltandc etherlc wares hurled off by the sun, this eaitth'throbs and pulsates exactly as a telegraph wire under the hand of the operator. Vibrations wltk respect to this planet act In much tflie same war as a controller acts to an pmrlniv fit tilie one Utile 'drfl/wtag the strings' to use an expression-and at another Jetting lham loose. Tftey are there fore Immediately raBg>onslbUe tor the volcanic eruptions, the earthquakes, - I tidal wajves, and huntaanes, and not only displace aJloureraje.'but also, and very especially, tor abnonnalliUes In seasons-as droughts, famines, floods, end good passages;' the prevalence or otherwise of certain diseases also oome under th&lt;> Influence." SOLAR VIBRATIONS AMD SEASONS, "What lias led you to conclude that Mie Bolar vibrations off oat (lie see eons?" "Well, I have been a student of salar physlca for about 86 ycon, and tio have prated that tvfeefc Jp at bds aaxtouHn eaeBCT tto^idUi ul «lie SouMuern. he&lephors iriprar tnS avosage, and fitsrwteea iUi» am is tin« der tbe mfirinmim tafluanoe Had ssaaapA prwvall in tbeflooatoann berofcehge^ and partloitlarly to AwtnaMn^JiMflh, bjf Its pecuMar geosnajpMoal ipaaltton, fa partrtcutaay oiaciepdMa to Mar te-. finance. The very twostte WCTrtU« Inl 4ho Nortlhsra hemi^Mte, ani the Wo hemtsphemoB respond In opposite MOT to itibe sun's oondlnkHiB, emcQgr as WS ihave opposite circulation ot.thd around the cyclones sod anM-flUMiWKW In the Northern and Soatb-^ ern ibemlsirtieres respectively. Ow ing *ha iimnrlini"" off . .. Mat sun, moreover, eartfajifflfas MM! vol canic aotton, with dmughit, sue (Mb uUmly jnariftjd hi tbe Northern bead sphere, while tie Soufflwni bomtapheM In then mare or less in a state ad' seismic rest, wttti good-nosowm Wto* the minimum of liio suii """m en* or Is BvolTing-tor It is-a gradut^praodaa -then earthquakes jnd tokaatoaatMi begin to fall off In the Nuritam baat Bphero, tind the isCnlaU. ts go ofe white dartiluius^es and sGdsnric. osUoifl bocoma more markedta (to BuMllW hamlsphere. It is cdy Tunmuiyy td go back into recent Htotxxny. lbs oat of the .sojar nwrrttinnmoooujTgd-ln 1M6, and since then, to 1409, the mjaxfaufltai has been gradually feUtag oil 'by . series otuninor crtste. But sat JO! mt aggrefiUJto the marlimmn eartot'Mll heen abnormally «»n'i>i«if ?».. «m*i owing to a d&rlt sua orza)MJfMUJil body sotting on our^bum I THE BOOM ; "Oast your minds bade JtHo history, and tills hjigkttfliiv found to have been MflUadjtc tor. Remember the April, 1905, la Inrtfa, j ?at the height ot Its i , sequent. eartJuriabos III" Formosa; the disastrous I qua&e of a tow jn Vesuvius &lt;was In full &lt; Franciscan and Wee4 quakes, and othere, iudattng i the South of France aiul in , And be It said that on &lt; cited great upheavals a In the sun. During period, moreover, ren have said, a tenlbte &lt; . _ In Spain end In other paiitscf ] especially la South if"'-"1 _ where, as the cabletiaiaa parents were foncei) 4» wU tMfr.fM) offspring for bread; Uuad tbit im the Mancluirl&n drought ftD-i ftjttjgf the while Australia, don'ttoiief,' enjoying good season* " '* ~ " condition has since baa. the minimum trough, vMtdo'i We find the conditions ] actly reversed, namely, flood# Jftj floods In Paris, in Iti" * ~ Europe; floods In Eni floods In Japan, involving I pounds damage, end 1 America-and parttauinUr;; mite Valley. Meajithna, " Ing Influence of the >eg)ar i now attanttag Auiil i iilsifci HwSjfri ready. In certain puis, stance, Glppsland, tile OtH lu New Zealand and , rainfall has fallen unfl* Am and eartluiuake ectlon I' is evidenced by (the seism ographs at the bourne, and Path Obsgl. .'When yomr original coming ralafetil del a few years ago, I1 ed that 1810 'would -b4 j "Yes, I did, and I i would, be about 1912,1 not aware of the extraneous oosmhl influence thait acted to prolong abnoa> mally the marliwrm mood at the eun1. And thus I have to add on two yttue at least, and make the 'drought,' ml undRr-fche-averege, period between OH during the closing jnut ot 1910 and ttw end of 1916. f'Wtti IiOOKlNG THE BITIffiS. "?ou will understand that this b ? big subject, and one most eibaarblnglji Interesting to ail Australians, and It M ' difficult to do full Justice to tt In an ordinary nt-^epaper Interview. If a country .would euooeed, It &lt;Bn only bt by its people bringing themsstoes ifo harmony withcosmic law, which ohm enables a nation to master its tate and fulfil Its destiny. Therefore, and speaking from the scientific and lug lea! point o! view, I argue that It will be more statesmanlike and raiUonal tor the Federal Government to spend tba money intended far Yfiae-Oanbeira on plucklly takinK the conditions in bud vtith a masterly grip, and ladling the rlrera, such as the Murray and Its trib utaries, the Meranna, the- Warrego, and the Darling, end others, and oonserve water. WiUt this &lt;&e caunteyoould be Irrigated, and the wilderness mad* to emlle like Eden. The climate could thus be modified, neutralising on tUs one band the efleots of die hot, barn« ing wind, and on the obher modifying to an extent the oold bustera from KM South. THE! COMING SHOE/rAC®. "Do you think, Mr. Wiegge, tflat-tta deficiency In rainfall wMch. you. diet between 1610 and 1916 will be W severe as tile l!H>l-2 drought ?" "No, as far as oan be seen. It will not, because the second actor, namely, the astronomical position, at the moon Is operating against the incoming mln-. 1 inurn mood of tie sun. The evlnB of lunar declination has increased, au$ is increasing. Thus the vibraliona. of the atmosphere, particularly.. oral oceanic aroae, will be lifted in (fee torn of tides to the upper regions, there to be condensed Into a certain amount** rain by the' cold, . btgb-prenM systems, disregarding the atfterence-of treasure due to difference in ttwkjtft It wJll thus be uadaabood that the moon Is acting against the sua. Bat the sun has the flnt say In the matter. TheraEore, there will be the deflclemgi In rainfall within or during tbe yean I have already stated, Q.E.D, "Let burners and paetarallsta Miert, be wise, and follow my - advice. Tbens is no neel for alarm. Let their prayso be:-"Great Architect of the Dnireiw, give me wisdom; let me dam and uott serve the walars and (odder." .... "Such," said tbe tartuneteHer ot.thi elements, concluding, "is true logkv tuid I oan say no more."  Central Queensland Notes. (For the "N.Q. Rejls'ar.'1! ! BARCALD1NE, January 21. j vye'have been experiencing to a slight degree a taste of traditional January we&thbr, that is, cyclonic systems as, the outcome of sojne M£*eontaa" or { "fidgrnaa." Mr Clement. Wragge, who rave the. pretty South 6ea albllant names to his tig storms in.the north some yeans ago, foretold.a!l the peculiar j weather we would have at the end of 1916 and the beginning of 191?, but little heed was tqkan of hie warnings. . Mr Hunt, our Commonwealth- mettorolO- j gist, has given numerous notes of ware-1 Ing, and gripping especially took notice I of his forecasts: Mr Hunt prepared us | forcfclonlc conditions and many have | been the wild rumors floating roujid the ; district' of remarkable meteorological happenings during the week* Happily nothing- aerlou* has occurred. Oirfiun- , day. night a big storm was experienced i in the Arama&lt;v district, and up to & \ couple of inches of -rain was recorded.: ! Xt. ,p£tyaldma, .raln ^t In at 8 and continued' Tor several hours, the i gauge marking CO point*, or a, toial of I £.04in., 90 -far for Jammt>-4io'l a vjry | big fait as compared with other parts of the dlBlrict. On Thursday a humid* oppressive atmosphere wasj broken by | | a sharp wind which lasted by 'a few ImlnuteB... Last night looked very 1 threatening for rain and the picture, phow habitues took a bly risk, but only j a few "fai dro^n fell. To-day so fori has been clove and thundery, with Light flitting, and AS. I write (4 p.m.) a thunderstorm is brewing. I I Contrary to anticipations, . our rail-1 I way service has been very erratic >dur-; I ins the w*ek. On Wednesday, Monday'* i I Rockharapton mall was brought along! and nothing further was received untiL i Thursday night late.. A tfiall train came] i through at 4.15 ,qn Friday morning, and i I the drivel let people know it, too. The . ! trouble is at the Dawson flats, betwieen, i the,Dawson river and Duarlnga- For I some ralles the -line over this flooded I area ha* been raised from Iptf. to.lrfi.,, ? th* banks on either ^slde being pitched i Willi stone, apd the'work woh finished ; tinder two years ago. There, hod been ! no rain^slnce -ot consequence to con Kolldate the bank, and the conBSquenfit j was that' when there was a sudden I rush of V/ater .the bank sucked It In like J I a sponge and could .not carry the ttaf*-' fir. The bank Would bulge oik.at either side. A small army of men have been employed day and night In . fixing .up.{ , the two miles or so, and everything i was. tafrly secure/for the light tnallj i train, which eafely crossed at a snail-1 I llke^pacK the passengers-the train wis1 | packed-looking for a .soft place to fall . on should a *nl*h&|j-occur. 3>heh ^sazne j i the back waters, which tihttld all' the temporary /repairs, and made the $l£ce of lin« worse than ever It was. > k\ ' passenger who passed oyer. It on Wed*1 I nesday told me that the line was In I I very bjid order indeed-like an elongated | I corkscrew and a switchback. There i I was indeed great.risk while negotiating | the road, and a elgh of relief was j heaved nrhen the train errivedait Dua* rlnga. The Hallway Bepar tment has done wonderful work, but the job will be an expensive onfe. and «om« time] must elapse.ere traffic 1* perfectly re- j stored. The mail train due at lJto p.m.) yesterday afrtved early this morning 1 «cd will leave to-morrow ait the usual hour, and it-is expected the regular ser vice win be maintained right on, but 1 probably a bit late. A train load of sheep jeft on lYiday for Rockhaxnpton, - and it rot through safely. I No wool was despatched during: the j ' week, And owing to the ^condition of1 I the roads "very little stock movement*. Twenty-nine nixed oattie and 10 calves,' j I the property ot Mr JL Richardson, Pat* rick, were despatched to Alpha by rail, Mr G. J. Aldbardsoh In charge. I un derstand Mr B. J. Richirdeoa b*M taken up some country in the Beta I dieLr let; -$700 ewes, fiimerab to Atarunoa Downs, Hears owner, Moore In charge, passed, also fSOO wethers from Kywong to -Baroaldine, where they have been shorn during the week, and are bow en j route to Mirven, Edmund Jowdtt owner, J. MatiDoeald in charge. The , Aramao ranger reports 4000 sheep, [ Tuaburra to fiarcaldlne, and 6906 ewes | to eame destination, Fairbairn %nd Co. owner*. E. MaoDonald in chancel M70 I mixed ^heep from Powell* to Boongoon* doo, C»ark and Tatt aimers. J. Roberta In charge ;edir1i lots to Lee Brtltaln's shearing shed. A special mealing of ih? Aramuc 6hire Council has been held, when a bylaw wan passed Increasing all freights oilier than live Btook, and passenger fares on (he Aram&c tramway. As wages Increase, bo do freights and fares, and In a like ratio the cost of living. So (hat there te no (benefit any way, Mr Clifford** plant has finished up the long drawn out shearing at Hpringv&le, but MlMura won't atari until the wea ther Is taor-e settled. A number of men left this afternoon per motor car for Evesham, where Mr J. BaUinger has the contract. Ere you receive this you will have the reeult of our summer race meeting, j and It is only necessary 10 say here j that prospects at present appear very l bright. There Is ah average of 13 for each race. The track is la tovely con- 3 dition and good apart Is assured. Sev-! eral horse* arrived by roods train lust { night. It appears a farce, though, to have bpCh days gazetted as public holi days. M Unlike other localities, our local auth ority has taken no action In opening a subscription in aid of the sufferers by the Clermont floods,' the only move in the direction of assistant* being by Mr J. Nash, who gave a picture show benefit which realised £14. At Aramac the Shiro Council opened a list with £25, und Councillor A. X. Templeton, of Acacia Downs, gave £25. Donations are flowing' In freely. Perhaps in Barcal- j dine jthe big hospila! effort scooped j the pobl. 1 The Aramac hospital people are happy I again, for the Institution has again a I fair credit balance, thanks to the reccnt I hospital race meeting, which realised j £IC1 8r 4d-a really meritorious effort. ! At* the usual monthly meeting held1 ! last week a hearty vote of thanks was parsed all thoee who helped to mako i the meeting such a success. After I payment of current accounts there re- | ! malned a crodlt balance In the bank of ( £5S4 3«s 3d. j A bright little kiddy, the 2ft-year-old I I son (Charles Thomas) of Mr and Mrs ! I Charles Johnson, of Dartmouth* died , ! Jn the hospital on Monday from dlph- : theria. The little chap was stricken I down'with the tell disease, and local! remedies being unavailing he was I brought into town, but the diphtheria' was too far advanced and Dr Cook j was unabta to do anything, and death, speedily foHowcd. Much sympathy ftas j been expressed for the eorrowing par- j ents. I The annual meeting of parishioner! In connection with St. Peter's Church , 6f England, Barcaldine, was held on Monday, the Wcor, Rev. J. W. A. Mac kenele. presiding over a fair attendance. The report* were rather lengthy, but' Interesting as showing the nro^ress of the church since ilie painter had bren cut from the Bush Brotherhood.' The finances era considered good, but more direct giving was urged and less re liance upon socials, bazaars, concerts, etc., for income. The ddbt on the clear* age ha& been decreased by £10, but | there was still 1830 wanted. The vicar'a report showed that a great ideal of coun try had .been traversed during the year i aqd places visited .In the parish where a clergyman had never before bfrcn seen. In lieu of buggy and horses a car would en&Me much more outside work to be done. The officials far the ensuing year are Clergyman's war den. Mr W. Vale; people's warden, Mr T&lt; C. Gray (who also acts as secretary); parochial council. Messrs J. Allitt, senr.,' C. J. James, T, Smith, y7. D. James, J. II. Fra«wr, J. Sargood, J. Ley land, H. Lun5, W. «C. Sillier, J. H. Camjibell, W. 'G, .T. Uradfcfd, and H. Ashtfurn. It. was decided (Clasue circulars and collecting cards and to w.crk up the financial business generally. The coun« oil approved of (he vicar's suggfcsttoir thnt a Sunday be -devoted to Hospital Sunday. After some considerable deliberation the Barc&Idlne 4?dledonian Association have decided ta abandon "the proposed Easter sPorLs. H being considered-and 4 think rightly BO-that the' men will he all out wording at tjiat tjrae, and without the crowd po ftrianodal succes^ .could, of course, be assured. It 'la pro posed, alt bring well, to liaVe "a big thing" next New Yearns Day. There was unfortunately a loss of £27 In out lay over the Intended sports last New Year's Day, and which had to* be aban doned oji account'of wet weather, ex penses pf Judges and drummers Having to be provided for in addition to the erection of platform at the P.A. and H. Society's grounds, prlntihg and adver tising, etc. It was decided to hold a Burns' Night on Thursday, 26th inst The Daylight Bavins BUI has created a considerable amount of local amuse ment, dissatisfaction and approbation. It has been argued tht the Sill should irtt have been applied to the northern latitude-such a£ Queensland and .the Territory-where the nights are,already long; but, of course, "Hughes'a time/' as It is.called, having been settled by Act of Parliament there is no redress, until March &!, when the eld time will be reverted to. ft is argued/ &lt;00. "that the days are already plenty long enough j out here to get through all the work | that Is needed without starting _lt an I hour earlier than usual. The'majority j of the people In the bush time them | selves by the euh, and at sunrise stretch j themselves and -get up Irrespective a« i to whether the clock says C o'clock 'or 8'o'clock, "but he doesn't go to bed a minute earlier than usual, whether the clook points to 9, 10-or II. The hotel keepers growl at having to Bhut up at 10 o'clock (original time), as ttie-streets | are then full of men, and the picture ehow habitue, cannot, get a drink -when the performance closes, But with car bide at £6 a drum *he saving is worth I having. Business places feffect a sav ing, small It Is true, and at the churobes on Sunday the cervices f/tre Almost completed before it was jtecessary to light two or three lamps. At many private house*, toft; the aaving is COD I siderable. The evening1 snealjs par I taken .of before sundown, and Just when i It is ordinary tim* to light up there's the pictures or some pother kind of en tertainment to go to and upon returning home very IHtl* llfftit is required, as It would be >10.80 or 11 o'filook parlia mentary time. . . Private J. C. Grlbble, who was aotne time ago wounded in France, Is now convalescent and returned &lt;o duty. A cablegram also 'announces -the «afe ar- ' rival in. England ot Private Reynolds ("Ren."), Vale. Both jada bail ffom Barcaldlne. ' The annuat sate of papers and periodi cals in connection with -the JJarcaldlne School of Arts was held on Wednesday evening. There was a fair attendance The sale realised 18 6s fld, which was tl or more better than for Several yarn past . , i .22nd.-'Yeeterday afternoon'#-- storm : passed all round iis and our afiare was I only a few polpts. On the Alice, which I continues to run lightly,1 a party of | fishermen who went out on Saturday 1 raport this morning a big fall of rain, probably half an laoh. We were pot over-burdened with flab this morning, j -v» iha.i the catch was poor. The water : i« too fiJtfti y«f. " j 1 hear Westbourne gels a way on ] next Monday with shearing and scour* j lug. I A considerably quantity of mail mat ter left here on September So, including cakes, clothing, etc., for ;ihe local boy* at the front, and an Sydney would be reached about the 29th, and the Arabic j took mails accumulating between Sep- j tember 28 and October 3, all have been I lost. Mr C. J. . James Sras anxious | about his flnt Christmas remittance for ; smokes for the Queensland boys tut the j front, aent earlier in the month, but he { last mail received acknowledgment from 1 the'Overseas Club in London of the' amount, £30 3Qg Sd- j  INNISFAK. NOTES. I JFor tie "N. Q. Register.") INNI0FAIL, January 27. General. | La at week weather conditions were very much disturbed, On the Thursday and Friday we had very heavy rains, but not sufficiently to cause much alarm, Jsiit on the second day our river came down with very great force, in dicating that a large amount of rain had fallen in the Hinterland. In con sequence residents generally were very much afraid that they were going to have a repetition of the big January 3pod pf last year. However, on Satur ay morning, we noticed that the fresh had exhausted itself, and th&£ the river presented its normal appearance. The big rush of waters affected the North Johnstone branch, with the re sult that four or Ave spans of the bridge from Goondl to Darajl were car ried away. This bridge was erected by the C.8.R. Company tor the purpose of getting cane over from the Daraji side, and to renew same will mean a big expenditure by the company. The s.8. Muriel was tied up at the Goondl sugar wharf, but when the fresh came down it was so strong that it carried away all her lines, and Captain Campbell decided to proceed down the river and make a* aeehorage near Banana Island. On Friday, Battird&y and Sunday the flood waters were over the Goondi wharf. Owing to their sub. sidence, the Muriel was enabled to load a full cargo of sugar from Goondi Mill, and leaves to-night with same for Cairns for transhipment to Bris bane. The Tully arrived from Townsvllle this morning, .and the captain advises 1 that he experienced very stormy wea ther on his trip up. The consistent Lass oKJowrle, which usually puts in an appearance at daylight on Sunday, did not arrive tmtil after 9 a.m. For the next two months we must expect disturbed weather conditions, aad it is pleasing to note that the Townsvllle people are raking efforts to secure the services of Mr C. L. Wragge as meteo rologist. At present we are like the man who locked his stable door after the horse was stolen. What we want is forewarning, and as far as our com munity is concerned, greater confidence would be felt if we knew that Mr Wragge was watching the vagaries of the elements, and would give us timely notice of any cyclonic or flood visi tations, thus enabling us to make pro-1 vision to protect ourselves. i This really Is a matter for the Fede I ral Government, but our experiences In I North Queensland are no matter which | party is In power we get no consldera | tlon whatever, and all we have to do is pay our taxes and grin and bear it. | At a special meeting of the Johnstone Shire Council, Mr C. E. M. Qr&ham was elected Chairman until the.. first meeting of the new Council. Mr.Gra-, ham has ptaved himself a first rate representative, and no doubt at the meeting of the new Council he will be selected for the ensuing year. On Friday next, SOth Inst, a general meeting of subscribers to the School of Arts will take place; It Is to be hoped there will be a good roll up. The elec tion of ofifcers and the financial state ment win be dealt with. I On Wednesday last Mr Bert Jones 'met with a.very painful accident; be | was driving his delivery van along Rankin-street; the cart was heavily loaded with short wood, and on top of. it was a bag of maize. Owing to the1 cart getting into a rut the bag moved, and endeavoring to secure it, Jones fell from the cart, with the result that he sustained a fracture of the arm above the wrist. Dr. Willis attended to the injury, and now Jones is on a fair way to recovery. | What might have resulted in a ser ious accident, but fortunately owing to ' Driver Woolf getting his engine under control, was presented. This par ticular night the train was rather late, and for some unexplained reason the points near Howard Smith's wharf were open, with the consequence that instead of the engine running on the main line past Chapman's sawmill, it i was diverted into Howard Smiths Com Mfty'fi shed, with the Tesult that half the building was pulled, down. As it happened on this particular night,; there were an unusual number cf children and lady passengers. They experienoed a severe shock, but for-1 tunately no one was injured. The anhual meeting of the subscri bers to the Innlsfail Hospital took place last week. The newly elected secretary, ; Mr M. J. Nolan, explained he could not give a proper statement of affairs, as be had very few documents to guide him: he really bad to' rely on the bank book. At the beginning of last year the Hospital, according to his figures, had a credit of £122, and during the year £1461 6s was received; this left a credit balan'ce at the end of the year of £120 17s 4&lt;L It was shown at the meeting at that date tho Hospital was in credit to the extent of 1286 16s lOd; this can hardly be correct, as it is generally understood that the hospital funds are on the other side of the ledger. However, as Messrs. King and Job are being appointed as auditors, they no doubt will go into matters and get a balance-sheet issueS. At the meeting, Mr L' J. Duffy was elected vice-president; Mr It. G. Dalryniple, treasurer; and Messrs J. A. Mensles, H. Parry, T. Carey, C. E. M. Graham, W. J. Gilbert, and J. H. Payne. Ow ing to a technicality, the chairman ruled that Mr Frank Shaw's nomlna-: tlon as chairman was informal, like wise the nominations of Messrs Mc Donald, Stephens, and Reid as com mitteemen. It was Interesting to no tice that subscribers are taking an interest In hospital affairs. It is, how ever, to be deplored that elections should be carried out on a party or, political basis; the whole of the com munity should be unanimous In work ing for the welfare of this fine Instl-; tutlon. When, however, banking com panies and other firms who have con- ( tlfiually subscribed to hospital funds are debarred from any voting power . by their representatives it may tend to prevent them subscribing In the future. { Mrs E. Barclay left last week on a holiday trip in the North. > | r,^; J^°t|tf tt|>B0.w- "tat""* on wepvrcmeqcn Business. ,« H**FranJc&lt; Arrtrftrong left feife'Thurs d&y for Townsvllle. Mjp E, Barclay, representative of the Goondl Cane Growers, leaves for Cairns | to-morrow to attend a Sugar Growers' Conference. Mr W. Beckett (Ingham), Is visit* lng Innlsfail. Miss Garbutt, Townsvllle, Is visiting Innlsfail, and is the guest of her bro ther, Mr Bert Garbutt. Mrs Pearce (Goondl), has returned after spending some time in Towns vllle. Mr O. Randall arrived to-day from Townsvllle. I Mrs Frank Armstrong arrived to-day after spending three motiths ih >Syd- 1 | ney. Mr Armstrong went to Townsvllle to meet her. Masters W. Shaw and A. Stltt leave on Thursday for South to attend school*  ATHERTON NOTES. (For the "K. y.. -Register.") ATHBRTON, April 8, Splendid rain has fallen since my last, bo Friday last we bad a nice shower, followed on Saturday by about halt-an-inch, and on Sunday night by three inches. On Friday nigbt a very heavy wind was blowing, reaching cyclonic force at times. It 1B reported that a small quantity ot the corn crop was blown over, but not to any great extent. On Saturday night at suMot a most phenomenal sight was obser ved, tile sky being lit up as It were by a bright crimson colored light, at .times changing to darlter colors and fading away as nightfall set In. To further mystify the nigbt almost con tinuous lightning was dashing about until welt ou to midnight, being very vlrld At times, 'and not n peal of thun der was heard. Saturday nigbt 1B one that will be long remembered in Atbr crton. Much argument ensued as ts what it all meant, some of our local "Wragges" asserting a heavy cyclone approaching, while others predicted a One to-morrow. Sunday turned out r line day, but somewhat hot, and about 7 p.m. heav.v rain set In and poureo heavily until 10 p.m., when ft eased olf; three incheB were recorded. This rain will do' an immense amount of good, more.especially in parts of the district lately visited hy the grass hoppers. Further rain appears to be hanging about, and we want more heaps of it-to give an assured supply of winter feed. The corn crop Is doing "Well. Friday night's heavy wind did not do a great deal of damage, owing to the dryness of the soil at the time. An Electoral Court was held last week, when 65 new names were ndded to tlx Baohatn roll. These wcr? names submitted at the February Court. It Is now too late* to get on the roll for the coming election, and speaking of election matters reminds me that both candidates for Eachnm, Messrs Woods and Gillies, arc working bard throughout the district, and both arc confident, but only one can win. The 29th of April will decide the is sue. The proposed Oddfellows' excursion from Cairns to Herberton last Sunday was abandoned at the last moment, owing to a special train having been engaged to run from Herberton to Cnlrns In connection with the Into Mr. Munro'fl funemt. Quite A large .number jonlcd the trata Inn md st ' Uerbcrfou. The train returned a lit* tie after 11, reaching Herberton 'after 1 o'clock. The local footballers were greatly disappointed at there being do train up to Herberton on Sunday, Toign, 1 -predict, will win the premiership ibis eeason. Cook's Pictures played to two good , bouses here lae! week, and left f"r Herberton to-day, Atbertou is rather quiet just nt pit* sent, on account of the Herberton £>Jiu^v* being on. bpei'iuJ train* u»o leaving here daily at 8.30 a.m.,. re turning at sight, BQd as the train drops passengers right at the Show Grounds* gate at Herberton, many are taking the trip up. Herberton, I hear, had fine weather, and a good attendance. Some of the many valuable prizes should find their way here* Messrs Abbott, Loder, and English sent tot« ward a fine lot of dairy cattle to com pete. Several of our jumpers and hacks nlso went up. The question is often asked, 'What are the Atherton people doing about this year's show?" A date has been fixed, and that Is about all? It ap pears the question of r. new site is the trouble. Opinions are divided *& to what is the hat one. The present grounds, Although rather small, are very picturesque, hut with a small out* lay. 5n remodelling the ring, X thintt a good grounds could he made. How* ever, It 1«? time a move was made itf the matter. I consider Athertou being so situated In tbe centre of this great tableland, should have the pre mier show of the Cairns district, and J fully expect to see this come about* A fair quantity of timber hafe been/ passing through here lately from thd Herberton end, including BuppUes railway sleepers, which, I presume, artf for use on the Cairns line, for renty rations, etc.  INTERSTATE. SYDNEY, April 9. The Liuigow Vufons have decided I to fcM Qi a branch of the Federation of Labour. Au iutor-Colotiial FcdoraUou ulti mately will be formed.for th«* more successful carrying, out of strikes. MELBOURNE, April 9. Whoa tlmslng a rabbit at Tabriek a man uatued lSdward Lyou fell over the cliff iuto a creek below, -a distance oi forty feet. Hie companion climb ed down the cliff, . plunged into the creek, and brought the injured man, who was unconscious, to the bonk. Every effort Mae made' to reeusltate him, but without suocess, mA on 'be ing examined by a" doctor llf? was pronounced extinct. MELBOyRXE, April. 9. Mr. Fisher's new design for coat of arms for Australia has been tenta tively approved by-tbe HeroM'a- Col ege, London. A few suggestions have been made, but these tbe Prinio Minister etates are for heraldic pur poses, and do not affect the principal features of the design. The nt*w teat ol arms is composed of a shlcM divided into eIx compartments, in citch of which is inscribed tbe badge of one uf the States forming the Common wealth. On one side Lite shield is supported by a kangaroo, and on tbe othf-r by an emu, and wreaths ot wattle blossom flank the word "Australia." When a delegation from the min ers employed at tbe State Coal Mine waited on the general manager, Mr. Broome, to-day, .with, a view of se curing a compromise on some of . the main issues in dispute, Mr/ tiroom* objected to tbe personnel of the .delega tion and refused -to meet it. t The men held a meeting arid declft&T to 6tand by the delegate objected to. I'JBJRTH, April 9. The oinputo between the slaughter* men and the master -bulbiior&^ot 4C&1 goorlle remains unsettled, and tiie supply ot meat ceased on Wednesday, but on Fiidny the employees took up Work nt the abattoirs. They opened .wo co-operative st}ops qhd on Satar dny these shops were-crowded, 40,000 lbs .of meat being sold. In connection with the toes of the Koombaua, Clement Wragge has writ ten to the Perth newspapers to the effect thai If the Central weather Bur eau of Brisbane WAS in existence three days' warning at least wauld have been given of tbe recent cyclone 'which caused the disaster. AUCKLAND, April 9. The seventh annual Conference of the Provincial Black Chapter of the Orange Lodge at Palmerston North passed a resolution expressing their lieartfelt thanks to the Unionist mem bers of the British Parliament for opposing tbe Home Rule Bill, and ex tending tbelr sympathy with their breathren in Ireland In the fight. WELLINGTON, April *. Five Chrlstcburch youths, who had declined to take the oath under the Defence Act, making enlisting com pulsory, were yesterday sent to prison for three weeks. SUVA, April 9. tn distributing (he prizes won at the Annual Rifle Meeting on Monday (light tbe Governor, Sir Francis May,' made a statement as to tbe Moroccan question showing tbe view of a bigh official during the cftets. He Mid that in September last be had communicated ?with hie provincial officers urging pre paration for grave contingencies. His audience would know he referred to the situation created In Morocco and resultant probability of war. He ex horted riflemen to take a eerloiiB view of tbefr duties.  PROPOSED NORTHERN WEATHER BUREAU MR. CLEMENT L. WRAGGE'S VIEWS. During the visit of the Federal Me teorologist (Mr Hunt), to North Queensland some months ago, for the expressed purpose of inquiring into cyclonic records, the matter of estab lishing a North Queensland branch of the Weather Bureau within the cy clonic belt was urged upon him here and at Cairns, but more especially at the last-named place, where a Cham ber of Commerce deputation waited «n film, cud brought ffimn strong argument* to bear in support of the proposal. Since his departure repre sentation* have been made by letter by tho Townavlllc Chamber, but with Dc effect, and fho scheme has been definitely turned down by the Depart ment. principally upon tho score of expense. Thut the proposal lias the support of N'ortliern residents gener ally thora can scarcnly be a doubt, und .ome there arc who are »o fully con vinced tjf the benefit and necessity of the establishment of a bureau during tho cyclone months, that daspito the discouragement of Federal adminis tration. Uey ars still moving In tho matter, and believe that li In nt su/li cent Importance to warrant action ba ins taken by the residents, even at ?ome sacilflce and expense. Promin ent amongst |be*e in Townsvllle la Dr. W. B. Nlabet. Hla duties as Quarantine Officer bringing him Into contact with the captains and pilots of the oversea vessels. as well as the coaalfnr steamers. Dr. N'labtt Juis had opportunities during the past feu months of bearing the views of -.he sea-faring men, and without exception the necessity for a Northern bureau !. acknowledged and supported. And amongst tbe ahtp captains. Captain <i. Irvine, of the Jnnamlncka, la Inter esting himself moat keenly. When It became evident that there waa no hope Own the Federal authorities, the ques tion of endeavoring to eat&bllah a bu reau during the summer months by means of subscriptions and donatlona from citizens arid public bodlea inter ested waa mooted, and mmc inquiries us to'Initial costs «. amnadc. with -hr result that a very interesting letter has now been received from Mr Cle. , ment Wragge. whose name as a me teorologist has been catubllshed I throughout Australia, and who. It Is' considered, would If the moat suitable I nan (or the position. j Whilst the Inn&mlnrka waa In port 1 .n Saturday a "T.D. Bulletin" repre-1 .entalire visited the vessel, when Cap tain Irvine In Ihe course of u chat, i produced tbe letter setting forth Mr I Wraffge's estimates and vlewa. From I tbls It will be seen that the sum re quired would be about flow. The let ter, which was addressed to Captain I Irvine, was dated from Auckland, 6th 1 December, and read as follows: *'I value over so much your kind bet ter of November 10th. which reached me after a long delay, and I am glad to know that my arduous work In I Queensland of years Ago Is at Irast appreciated by my friends of the ship-' ping MOinunity and others, and es-' peclalty In North Queensland. I will j Just say here that before my weather bureau waa disbanded by Government! everything In connection therewith, es- | podsllr ** tbe Warning of hurricanes, I waa lint-class working almost with I the precision as of a 'chronometer.* | Furthermore. I will aay without a mo- j ineni'a hestltatlun. and' In strict jus-! tic* to myself, that, had I been In of- j flee, ample warning would have .been ' given of the etorms that wrecked the I yohgnla and Koombana. with others. I It Is a matter or .correct diagnosis of i the Isobars "and the fscillty nf reason ing tbe thing out from the winds, floods, barometric figures and other elements. Knowing that the founda tions that I so faithfully and trulv lald for the weather signal service tiave within the last 10 years been ne gatived. continue* to be a very sore point With me. Inasmuch aa utterly .part from every personal considera tion. I loyally devoted the best years pf my life In every minute detail to the service of Queensland and Aus tralasia generally, and I regarded my stations as so many 'pet babies,* which I wag destined to lose. Without be ing egotl&tlcal. I know my power full well la this matter, and tlmt bo one .t present In these States can ade quately take my place. A a matter* BOW Hand, I recommend tbat an en tirely Independent weather algnal ser vice abouW be established along the .oast* of Central and North Queens land There should be at least nine Stations in the region Indicated, and to equip these properly, would cost about Ob each. In addition, arrange ment* Would most certainly have to be mad* with the French and Pacific cable companies whereby cypher mee .Me* ooult be received at the head ofllc*-**y at Townsville or Cairns from th* stations at Qoraen. Noumea. Nwfolk Islands, and Suva. With re aped to observers at the Queensland Ml of station* some remuneration should be given to each observer, the .mount to be decided by those who organise the new service (unless, of course, any enthusiastic volunteers should come forward}. Furthermore, a code telegrams, formulae for which .re In toy possession, would have to fu" lo and from the head office with respect t^ the new rations, and at the telegraphs are a Federal concern these would have to be paid for. Probably less than fl per da} would cover this Item. An assistant would be neoeasary for clerical work at a aalary at the rate *t, say C200 a year.' I suppose that the new service would operate only during ihe hurricane months, aay from December to April Inclusive. With re spect to myself, I must be perfectly straightforward: since my weather bureau' was disbanded sdahtMft lectur ing'andwrUln*'have been tny means rf Hvlng. and this la still ao.- At pre sent I sin engaged to commence a sew lecture-tour, opening In Hobart on Feb ruary 14th nejtt from thence it la pro posed to travel, via South Australia, to lecture In Western Australia, pass ing round the North Coast and lectur ing through North Queensland' between June and October next. Also 1 have acquired' interests In. New Zealand which require rtty presence there for at leait throe montha out of the twelve. Thui l.prefer to leave-tUefinancial as- 1 ,p*ct of my eWti case to. Oie considera tion of my many frlfndg in Norih ' Queensland, *0 as to hear what they propose. . Excluding myself from the estimates already «lven, you will be enabled Jo formulate 'a decision ns to what the .wfcole thing will cost, not losing slKht of the fact thaf the finan cial proposal* entirely cover the hurri cane 1 months only. In conclusion, I would attain lay how heartily I appre ciate your communication, and the ef forts of Dr. Nlsbet and my other friend", to whom ploane, as opportunity .Ben. .convey my kindest remera brances. The neoeksary.liihtrtiracntF, apart tMm my own private outfit, which I have here and sufficient for one station only, would have to bo ob talned from London, and if necessary a cable could be seat for them to the makers with whom 1 used to deal in days eono by. With best wishes, yours sincerely,-Clement L. Wragge, late Go vernment Meteorologist of Queens land." Captain Irvine, whose experience with the Innamlnoka In tho Cairns hurri eano last year, will bo freph in the memory of ovcryonu, and whose con duct was the subject of the warmest enconlums from the passengers on that occasion, hud some Interesting things to say In connection with the necessity for such a bureau. "The first question is," h<> remarked, "can wo mine flWO? People ari» ready enough to come down with th«'lr monoy when a disaster has occurred, hut will they be ready to do no beforehand, and as a method of insurance against such disasters? Per* Monalty, I think tho best thing would ho to form a committee here or In Cairns, or in both places, to work it up. I havo no doubt that numbers of people would bo willing to' subscribe, but there must first l>c some authorised source to receive donations. It must be renumbered that this is not for the benefit of iho North simply. It will be for the benefit of everybody from Thursday Island to Melbourne. Prac tically all the crows uf the coastal .ves sels are from Sydney and. Melbourne, where tlieir families reside, so it Is not a local question. In another sense, however, it will be a local question for the North. Whw the Panama Canal opvns these Northern ports'will be the nearest to America by that route. But sea captains will not care to bring their ships Into the narrow water* be tween the coast and the reef, within th#» hurricane belt when they know | there is no meteorological station here to warn them of coming disturbances. jA hurricane when one has sea room I is a much less dangerous experience than one In confined waters. And the sea captains have a big say In the.se .matters, as they are the eyes and the (ear* of the owners. They would na turally prefer to give North Queens land a wide berth and make for a southern port outside the -disturbed belt. And this, I believe, fs the only such coast in the world which Is act I protected by the establishment of a weather bureau. | "It Is up to the North t* put forth i their best exertions and get some such i bureau established. Of course, people |only recollcct the years in which some 'great disaster has been caused, at In- i tervals, probably, of several years, but j | every season there are several of these j : disturbances which strike somewhere, i [The coastal ships are getting bigger ! i every year, and the numbers of the j crew increasing. For instance, I have HO on this ship, and there are many I [larger on the coast. And It ts worth while doing something to protect the I lives of ao many." | Dr. Nlsbet, speaking on the same I subject, warmly supported the views of CaptaJn Irvine. Rpeaklng of Mr Wragge's tetter, which he had seen. Dr. I Nlshet said it wou.d appear that nearly I £1000 would be r«quir«l. As the Federal I 'Government would «1o nothing, he j i thought the people of the North should , take the question up. The probable sources of revenue, hs though*, should |be subscriptions by »h? Kfcn*ra* public. I shipping companies, marine and Jnsur. lance companies, and n grant fnm the j State Government U would, he thought, be only nc<*Mtiry to provide !for one hurrVjui'? season, f*r In after! j years, when I4, had .ince ticca I that the clUcens were prepared to put I their hands In their pockets to obtain [the protection they desired, the Fede ral Government would be prepared to take action. He tiad spokeft to num bers of people who were convinced of I the necessity of the establishment of I the bureau. The Chambers of Com merce both at Cairns and Townsville I had shown themselves to be in favor. [He thought it would be advisable to I get a public meeting, and form a com mittee to get the scheme meving here and In Cairns, and at other centres, [leaving it entirely in the hands of the experts appointed to say where the head centre should be established.  CORRESPONDENCE. am. wrajgge's pftSDictiow (To the Editor)* Sit*,-Some of your readers seem scared by the remarks that Clement Wrasse has made regarding a pro longed. drought. With ail due re i Bpect to bis ability as a meieorologlBt there are sometimes circumstances lUat produce specialises. Wben 1 met l»m Jh-st, about 1&U0, in Ipswich', he was just about at tbe zeniUi of bis lutue, and as we aU juiow predicted a;) the storms and cyclones tUat canie along from tbe very simple reason that with bis astuteness and business capability, be bad tbe Government "by tbe ear/' and tbpy put recording elation-^ everywhere and arranged for was just abaui at tbe zenith of his daily papers. Tbere should certainly be some better scheme tban we bave in Queensland of conserving our water supply, but for any t»ane person to be apprehensive of tbe prognostic-, atioQs of & man who has been absent from us for so' long and not quite out of toucbi «Hh &lt;>ur ever changing climatic con-' ditiona, passes my comprehension, If bis assistant, Mr. Ggg, vruu was with bim in bis prime, and has been with us ever since, bad made tbe statement, 1 think much more weight could be attached to it, but under present con* dittoes I tblnk that, like looking for & water site, there's a lot ot guessing, and possibly s little looking for notor iety. Yours, etc.. "RINTURLANDER." i WiutoD, September 22.  23DQS NORTHERN MINER. PUBLISHED OAILV , THURSDAY, MAY 22, IBIS. TO-DAY. AinnBemcsU. Olympla Pictures, Theatre Itoygl 8 p.m. On board the steamer Eastern ore (i nrrae nf Wuwinn settlers, seeking a home In Queensland^ One family ct three disembarked at CalrnB. Mr. Kodcn, manager of the Sarlna mill. Informed a "Dally Mercury" re presentative that they expected «o treat C4000 tons of cane tibls season and manufacture about ?000 tons of raw sugar. This is not a record crushing but very close to It. The deposits at the A.N.A. penny Savings Bank on Saturday lut amounted to £5/8/6. The withdraw als amounted to £6. The directors for next Saturday are Messrs. J. H. Qtley and C.. T. Jfeal, The Mfcyorg Aid. ¥\ Johnson, ad vises that owing to the Bishop cf North Queensland, Blab Op Feetham, not arriving until1 the lAte train on Saturday, the civic welcome for which invitations had been I|sned, bad un fortnnateiy to be aihandoned. His Excellency the iQo^emor, Sir William MaeQrcsor, trill arrive In Town avl lie on Sunday next by the WyjwdTo, and *111 stay until Sunday night. The message giving this In formation adds that the partytad a wonderful trip through the western country. At the Eight-Hour sports at Too Woomba last week, h. R. Glover, of Tdtywoomba, gave an exhibition' of Jumping, and created several world'! records. In six standing Jumps be covered 69ft. 6ln thus^eatlng (bto own world's record. 7# Mrtee standing Jumps be covered 3fft. 61n. which is an Australasian record. In a stand ing broad Jump, he created a world's record by covering 121U 101d. He also created a new Australasian re cord for hop, step and Jump, covering Stttt Bin. The shipment of log timber from ! Mackay (says the "Dally Mercury") has not amounted to anything con I slderable In the past, but with the opening -up of thei Eungolla tableland there Is every prospect of . a regulhr trade belug established with the south In this direction. By the Botnbula ryrat-rdny, Messrs. C. Porter and Sons shipped to Sydney tlx eflar togs, of especially good quality, con taining over 4,000 superficial feet. This shipment is the first of 30,000 feet being procured on the range for placing on the Sydney market where It has tlie reputation. of alwuyfl com manding top market price. On Sunday night, l&tft lust., the fine steamship Shropshire, E50 feet long, 1Z,S00 tons, commanded by Cap tain 5V-. I* Pwntio*, who feu bees 1' connected with the Australian oversea trade for itaujy Jwars, was safely navigated Into (Ms port by Pilot Switaer and berthed alongside ilio Jetty without , the least trouble which '(proves that .Bowcn enn hold her awn i with" uiy ot the other ports in Queens land, and with more dredging end ' wharf extension would lie one ot the finest (Fays the Bowen "Independent") The Shropshire is ibe largest vessel that has ever entered thla port. She will load frozen meat and sundries from Mcrinda Meat 'Works and will sail this evening. Consigned to Mr.C. E. W. Kennedy, I of Manfred Downs station, there lea- | Vfs by the Western mall train this ' morning, a B-ton "Oommer" Motor Waggon, Which is to be used in the transportation of wool from the vari ous sheda to the railway line. It was supplied by the Csfiada Cycle and' Motor Agency (Queensland) Ltd, and was Imported direct from the Wnfes at Luton, England. The body of the waggon was constructed by Mr. W. Percy, of this town, its carrying capacity is G-tons, and it can maintain on average speed of 1; miles per hour when fully loafed, there are now several, of these waggons in the "West, and all are doing good work, ? . Encouraging reports were present ed by tbe'deleg&tes at the conference of Australian co-operaiive butter dis tributing firms In Sydney regarding the strides made by co-opersitive in stitutions and to the adaption of the system by producers.' Not only was co-operatlom making rapid progress among dairymen- but it .wap extending to the bacon-curing, the sale of all kinds of farm produce and in various otier directions. Tie direct consign ment to the home market - had also increased in favor, and was now gen erally recognised as the soundest and most profitable policy for the butter export trade. The "Dally Mall" says :-Although the cyclonic storm "Trojan" predic ted by Mr. Wragge did not do much damage lb Queensland lis effects are now being felt by the blocking of all traflla by disastrous floods in thei Hunter and Hawkesbury rivers. All trains between Msltland end Newcas tle are held up and consequently no mall from Sydney reached Brisbane last night. It is interesting to re call the fact thit Mr. Wragge was in a remote town In South Australia lait Saturday wWn he telegraphed to "the Daily Mail" predicting the cy clone and warning people of Its ap proach. ",A correspondent to the Vtovfusville Bulletin" says:-1 notice iinthis morn ing's paper that Captain Tiikell, the Naval Commandant, is in the North, and will return here next month. I think that It Js a Biting time for those responsible who ate tree to speak, such as Canon Williams, who takes such a deep Interest in the Naval forces, to protest against the heavy clothing the lads atp compell-J to wear during the warm months of the year. The seme thing applies to lb'1' Military Cadets. Surely our medicos wlll do something to hflng about a more suitable weight ot clothing to suit the climate 4y representing thet. oplnloiu to the authorities. An American correspondent of n soutliern taper writes "OTiere c:) to be no duty > fin raw wool. The truth H that tift protective rate on Wool &bs been unsatisfactory in its effect upon production and has been used to bolster up excessive duties on woollen goods. I shall not at tempt to anaJlyse here the provisions ot the revision bill which covers more than 3000 items. Something mny be said however, about the sugar rate, as to which there is an Interesting contest. Our sugar duties have pro tected die growers ot cane sugar in Louisiana, a. Demdcratlc State, and have created and supported tlie best sugar Industry ID two or three far western States. President Wilson and the radicals of Ills party desired to make sugar free, but Democrats senators from the cane and bed. sugar States protested. The bill pro vides for an laiihedlete reduction ot one-quarter and for free sugar three years heijce. Wis also Is opposed by the senators affected. As I have said, the party's majority In (he Sen ate Is only si*. It is now expected that at least three, and possibly Ave, Democrats will £ote against the hill If the sugar Clauses of it are retained, and some tbU)k that may be aM'-J by Democrats from States where a duty on raw Wool is desired. The bill is menaced in no other ct present. It will be sefin that three, or four protesting Democratic sena tors can exert a restraining influence. The South American republics have decided «o follow the example of Canada and* Australia, both In ad vertising the Resources of their coun try and also inducing all of their dtltens to drink only porter's Ball dog Ale and 8WIK,* The Hon. T. Paget, M.L.A., and Mr. Wvnn Wltllams, M.L.A., W|U deliver an address in Itavenswood on Monday night next, on,the Referenda proposals.-(Signed): H. Millett "Mlner" Office, Charters Towers. Another lot of ladles' woollen Golf Coats, three-quarter lengths, various shades, at 18/C, 51/-, £5/6, 2S/6 and 32/6. Also, Wool and cotton Golfers, Norfolk style, belt attached, at E/«, 16/11, 8/11 and.10/& each, at Arlda's ."The Home of Good Values."* The attention of those Jn teres tea is directed to a. notice In this Issue dealing: with an examination for wind ing licenses t&lt;r be held on 21th July next. Just opened,up by post-Ladles' ! Tone Felt Hats, various colors, the IsUiVM «/il. «/U, 10/V *nd we. todies* all wool Night and XUfiklttg Hats and Caps, in navya, grays, creams, greens, etc., at 1/11. 2/6, 2/11, and 3/11 each, Arlda's only. 