 STOCK STATION DE TJJYGYJ CHAMPION OPFICB, Friday. Wb Bre right in the boom for storm systems, lot March is a most unsettled month, and we can well quote the English couplet, " March showers bring forth April (autumn) flowers. As mentioned in last issue at 3.45 on Friday afternoon we had a deluge for a few minutes, and the glass measured 42 points, and three further points were gauged subsequently. At 4.30 the sun was shining brilliantly over a sea of water, in which were stuck abandoned motor cars. The new drainage system south and south-east of the town was well tested, and came out of it well. Thestorm was merely local; three miles south of the town not a drop fell, but a couple of miles away in the same direction a drover was wet through in five seconds for the rain fell in a solid flbeet. West of ue tlieri! were dry and alternate patches of .w«t and dry; some rain fell at Barcaldine Downs station, but the men lost little more than the Saturdaymorning to noon, when labor ceased. On the previous night there was a big Storm near Ilfracombe, and Christmas Creek got big. The occupants of a car making for town;had to spend the night where they were ; supperless, and not even a nip aboard. At time of writing the weather is beautifully cool ?with a fresh breeze, tainted only by a slight seaside perfume caused by the numerous little frags which gave up the ghost as the flood waters went down. Mo sickness has resulted save a little colic. Summer Hill (J. Ballinger) cut out after tak ing ten weeks to do what should have been accomplished in three. Same of the men went to complete the Evesham shearing with Bara tria to follow. East of us Cavendish bad a long and tedious shearing. Messrs. Urquhart Bros, have finished at Alice, and are tackling Edwinstowe. It rained all day Wednesday, 21stult..at Aramac, and thus caused a sus pension in the treatment of Barcoorah sheep for a couple of days. StockB are coming to hand very freely, and trains, with many specials, almost run up to time. ,Our storekeepers will not be caught napping again. Our white baker, remember ing Clement Wragge's prophecy of some years ago, that great rains could be expected in the earlier months of 1918, wired to Brisbane last week tor information as to the possibilities of further floods, and the . reply be received on Friday afternoon was anything but reassuring. Be had information sent bim possibly founded on the special forecasts of another cyclonic storm approaching our coast south of Bowen ; anyway no Btrange phenomenon has, so far, reached us out here. . Belated goods, some on order as far back as eight weeks coming for ward, and it would indeed lie a pity were the tine to be burst up again. Messrs. Pegler, Macdonald & Co. (Blackall) and Messrs. McPhie & Co. (Toowoouiba), auctioneers in conjunction, have a cattle sale on the books which should attract no little v attention from buyers. Some 500 head will be auctioned in the Show Grounds yards at Blackall on Monday, March 11th, -and these comprise 300 breeders from two to five years, one' brand-ShortboruB, and Sbortborn-Hcre ford cross, in calf to pedigreed bulls. In addition calves and heifers will be offered. The whole booking is described as a first-class lot. Full particulars may be obtained from either of tbe auctioneering firms mentioned. An advertisement may be seen in tbis issue. The Gulgong (New South Wales), " Adver* User" claims it possesses the champion shearer in the person of Mr. Joshua J. Davis, jar., who met the champion of last j>ear and beat him by over 40 sheep. Mr. D&VSB is only a young man, being about 22 years of age, and is of slight build, but he shore no fewer than 240 sheep at Winbar Station, Compadore shed in one day. It was at tbis shed he met tbe Queensland champion, who put through 280 sheep in 1816, but failed to cut more than 200 Winbar-ifred sheep against the Gulgong boy. Water Supply.-The orchardist, grazier and farmer are fast realising the necessity of in stalling pumping equipment to provide ade quate water supplies for irrigation and stock. That this policy is sound is proved by tbe number who bave already made provision againBt dry spells, so as to furnish water to their holdings when they are in most need of it. Do not be lulled into a false security by Nature's present bountiful gifts of copious downfalls; other dry seasons will come, and now is your opportunity to fortify against future possible disasters in the shape oflosses of stock and failure of crops by installing a re- &lt; liable pumpingplant, which will be your future , insurance against loss. We write thiB para graph and publish our advertisement in this paper, because we want you to know tbis, and to profit by our special training and knowledge in tbis Department. We trade as the Inter colonial Boring Co. Ltd.; our address is 418-424 Ann-street, Brisbane. We are pioneers in the Water Supply Department, and are a long way in tbe lead of our competitors as the best dealing with all manner of water problems. Our 25 years' experience enables us to give you ! the best advice, which is always at your dis posal, and to offer you the best equipment I possible for a plentiful and dependable water supply, at a reasonable cost. The following are tbe latest stock move ments 900 sheep from Dunraven to bo trucked to Roebhampton, account of PreBton Bros.; 3835 ewes, Mildura to Garfield, A. Heap owner, J. Fletcher in charge; 4600 sheep, Valley Downs to McLaughlin's scour-for shear ing and return; 1000 cows and calves, H. Logan owner, to Beaufort from Roxborough Downs, Leslie Eillcoat in charge. The following wool scoured at McLaughlin's, was railed away during the weekJaccon dol 56 bales, Dalgi 48, Tbornhill 36, Mafeking 32, Newhaven 28, Qlebbuc 27, Bustbinia 19, Elton 18, J, McK Rhtn., 13, Brookwood 8, Lakeviaw 5; total, 290 bales. TfaeC.P.8.1 Mr. O. B. Buxton, mentions that there are some defaulting stock owners who have not yet lodged stock returns. Owners of any number must submit a return, and those I MOt doing so are liable to a heavy penalty. ; concern in the Commonwealth for  Meteorological Notes15. 1897.-A Very Bad Year. If there is anything in the theory of three good years and three bad ones, we have it illustrated in the eighteen hundreds. I have shown in previous articles that the years 1894-6 were favorable ones for rain; indeed 1896, until this year was a record for coastal and central country floods. The year of cyclone, floods, and disaster was followed to use the words of my records by a very bad year." It will be interesting to re- member if next year will be a dry one, following the excessive wet opening of 1917. The year 1897 com- menced wth the rain totals below the average over most of the State. They were above the normal in the Cen tral Division, also around the Gulf, near Cunuamulla, and between Surat, Miles, and Taroom. In February rain was registered in most of the eastern districts, but the totals were below the average generally over the State, except at one or two isolated places. Like in the previous month rain in March was below the average gene rally, but above in small isolated patches. April rainfall was much he low generally. No ram fell west from the coast disrticts-1« inches below at Innisfail (where it is always supposed to be raining), 5 inches be low at Mackay, U inches below at Brisbane. May was very dry and be low average generally- Again no ram fell west from coast districts. Totals slightlv above normal between (filbert River. " Maytown, and Herberton. To tals for last six months show Imsfail 69 inches below normal, Mackay ii inches below normal, Rockliamptou 17 i inches below normal, Brisbane 14 inchcs below normal. There was a tecovprv in June, as rain fell and was above the average all over most of the State, except coast districts from Townsville southward, round tho Gulf and Peninsula north from Fairview; also over an area extend ; jnjr froui tin* Gulf towards Ayrshire Downs and Hugheuden, and fTT thsvc eastwavd to tho poaboanl. iJut it did not continue. Practically no lulu fell inland in July, but H was labovn -normal -Monsr th* coast south i from Jiowen and generally south-east !i om liiie joining St. George and Gayndah. also on the north coast be tween Cooktowii and Innisfail. In August raiu was generally below the average. A. littio raiu was registev ed on the north coast, otherwise no rain > fell over the the western and northern halves. The totals were above the average on the coast Be tween Bowen and Gladstone and ex tended inland to Muttaburra, also (was slightly above on south-east Darling Downs and near Gjmpie. ! There were fair rains iu the north in I September. South from a looming Monkira, Ayrshire Downs, Hugheu den. Pentlaijd, Ravenswood, Elgin Downs, Muttaburra. Forest Vale, Taroom. and Rocbhampton the ram was above normal; also above fj"°m Herberton northward to Coen. Rest of the State below the average. Octo ber was a good wet month, and above the average generally, except across the base of the Peninsula^ and be tween Blackall, Ada vale, and Foiest Vale; also over southern Maranoa and Peninsula between Coen, .*? crave and Cooktown. November w as a bad mouth generally, but the ram was above the average between Mut taburra, Taroom, and Mackay; also near Brisbane and on the extreme north of the Peninsula. Decenibei was a fairly, wet month; above noi mal north and welt of a line joining Cardwell, Gilbert River, Carandotta, Boulia, and just west of Birdsville; also between Townsville, Pe"u"Vd' Eeiu Downs, and Mackay, and ver> Ky south'of Tropic of Capricorn, and east from Charles ille. Below the average in most central and south-western districts The year summed up was a very bad one °nl> isolated patches were above the an nual average. The largest.areas above the normal were in the Gulf country from Burketown and eastward of Donnors Hill, and most of the Darling Downs. In the coast districts the following figuies for the six months (Decembei, 1S9G, to May, 1917) give some idea of the drv snell:-Inisfail was 69.08U1. oe Ifow normal; Mackay, 32.17i^; Rock hampton, 17.4Siu.; and Brlehane, 14.34in. __ So mucli for generalities, we wm have a look at some of the,records for the vear taken in the widely-dis SbS* centres, but that during the yeaT 1897 haa in creased from 502 to 504. Taking first Blackall as the central meteoro-oh sorvation station we find that during the year the total was only of which (all the following will he in points of 100 to the gauge inch), 370 points fell in January, June had 332, September 119, 0c^b,er December 100. No rain fell 'a April, May, and November; other mondis under an inch. Rain fell on 44 days. Taking the Central Highlands-Lo gan Downs had 1955 on 32 days, Alpha! 1656 on 48 days; BoganUn gan, 1893 on 57 days; c°met, 2325 on 52 days; Duaringa, 3112 on 60 days. Emerald, 2382 on 50 days. So that east of the Range the best rains fell. Northampton Downs measured 1" 15 on 51 days; Terrick Terrick ,208a ob 60 days. Centralj Lowlands -Alice Downs, 1374 on 27 days; Alice,1720 on 45 days; Aramac, 1343 on ZB days * Barcaldine, 1462 on 65 days; Barcaldine Station, 1545; Beacons fleld, 1154 on 21 days; Bowen Downs. 1100 on 30 days; Coreena, 1289 oii 33 days; Darr River Downs, 1545, Emmett Downs, 1485 on 33 days, Evesham, 1183 on 20 dayB; Evora, 1642 on 23 days; "^acomba had just commenced, and haft »2 in ember only on four days; Iais Downs, I 1270 on 31 days (no days for Octo ber); iBlsford, 1351 on 29 dayB; Jdricho, 2307 on 36 days; Kensing ton Downs, 1537 on 27 days; Long reach, 1306 on 26 days; Malvern Hills, 1416 on 43 'days; Maneroo, 990 on 23 days; Mount Cornish, 9086 on 39 days; Muttaburra, 1810 on 37 days; Portland Downs, 1209; Rockwood, 1136 on 31 days; Ruthven, 1555 on 29 days; Saltern, 910 on 23 days; Sal tern Creek, 1540; Stainburn, 1316 on 40 days'; Tangorin, 1274 on 33 days; Wellshot, 1673 on 22 days; West land, 839 on 21 days. Taking a few items from tlxe Upper and Lower Western we find Winton scored only 920 on 28 days; Boulia, 531 on 27 days; Currawilla, 478; Bimerah, 918 j on 16 days; Diamantlna Lakes, 674 ou 26 days; Jundali, 657 on 24 days; Glenorniiston (taken up by the late James Tyson as a cattle ranch), 337 ?on 9 days; Palparara, 445 on 17 days; Windorah, 505 on 28 days; Pne pah, 614 on 11 days, the heaviest fall being two inches in January, 120 in March, 155 in June; there were six dry months, including February; Charleville had 1882 on 32 days; Tambo, 1731, and St. George 1220. In my previous article I mentioned that 1SS6 was the year of extraor dinary rains and cyclonic disturb ances in the North. Wragge's pre dicted hurricane "Sigma" fell with full force ou Townsville and did very great damage. It would be interest ing to compare that year's rainfall with the present, 18#0" figures being in parenthesis:-Cairis (9424). 6651; Port Douglas (94E1), 5802; Towns ville (6670), 5024; Uowen <6507), 3523; Mackay (7138 >, 1662; liouk hampton (5981), 3150. It will be lioted the difCerenec is not eo great considering. As already pointed out drought con ditions prevailed in the earlier part of the year all over the State, the first five months being particularly dry. There had been a succession of dry months since Feb. 1896, except for partial rainfalls recorded dur ing the months of April, July, and November of that year. The condi tions over most of the southern half of the Stale were, however, relieved by good rains in June and September, 1897, but it was not "until December of that year that rain sufficiently heavy to break up the drought for the time being occurred over the Northern districts of the Gulf country. In May, 1897, the Official Observer in connection with the Meteorological Dept. obtained reports from many parts of the State. From these re ports it appears the Central-West was not in a really serious condition, but in the Northern hinterland the drought was being sorely felt. Itich mond Downs reported: Managers of neighboring stations ; assert that drought conditions not yet in evi dence, but grass and water becoming scarce much sooner than expected; heavy winter rains anxously looked for. Tarbrax reported that grass was more plentful than it was dur ing the previous year. Bedourie says: -"Driest season experienced for 14 years." Glenorraiston: - ''Drought compares favorably with that of 1892." Hammond Downs:-"Drought most severe and of long duration." In the Central Highlands Emerald Downs states:-"Existing drought worst ex perenced lor years." St. Helens made a similar report. .The general reports I from the Darling Downs were that the drought was the worst experienced since 1SS3. Stock iif good order, but grass very scarce; country in bad' position to face winter. Westbrook says:-"The most serious drought experienced during residence of 25 years." Of course so much dry weather in the earlier part of the year induced heat, and the glass soared fairly high on occasion. At Charters Towers it was reported that the thermometer on the 24th January marked 100 degs. at 10 p.m. Frosts were experi- enced from mid-June right up to the end of August. On the 26th and 27th the min. temperature at Stanthorpe was 28degs. The frosts appear to have been general over the Darling Downs and Logan districts; there were no abnormally cold days in the Central-West. On the 25th Jan. there was a cyclonic hailstorm at Bunda- berg; on the 25th Sept., a severe hailstorm at Maryborough; on the 1st November a severe storm with unprecedented hail, passed over Bris- bane. On the 8th March there was a grasshopper plague in the vicinity of Cairns and Georgetown. On the 8th July Bowen reported that ticks were numerous, and red water prevalent in the district. In July it was stated that ticks were prevalent at places here and there in the northern districts. On 28th Decem- ber an unusually violent storm pas- sed over Brisbane. On the 23rd July Toowoomba had a fall of snow; all the streets houses, fences, trees, &c., were covered with a white mantle. There had been a similar visitation some years previously. On the 16th June at Croombit (five miles from Cania, Gladstone district), a shock of earthquake was felt just before sun- rise, accompanied by a noise like two heavily-charged blasts, explod- ing, one after the other, at a great depth below the surface of the ground. The ground trembled, and the furniture in some of the houses moved. The motion appeared to come from the west. About ten minutes later a rumbling noise, like thunder far away to the eastward was heard. cjj  Meteorological Notes--14. 1896-A January Hurricane at Towns vllle-" Sigma." The ©utstading features of 1896 were a hurricane at TownsvSlle towards the end of January and severe frosts in the middle of the year. Although the rain over thfi greater part or the State was below thf- average (&lt;il.win. at Blackall), the average for the whole State was slightly above the normal. For nine months of th« year the rain was below normal over most of the State. Blackall being the centre of the western district had 24.76in. spread over 57 days. Only 102 points fell in January, but February caused biy Hoods in tli*> Barcoo for lJ.bbm.; Tambo had '...ilin. during the same peii,,d jundah 4^3. Windorah 134, with oniv lib.3 for li.c- year. Other dry areas were: Thai - .mindah, 307 for Febru ary'. with 11 TT for the year; Birdsvilie, 14 'with 1'iih t'3S for the year; Boulia. r.rr, with l &lt;'? t1 ? . for the year; and that drv station iust without the border, Oiiepah. 24 points, with 809 for the year. Half ot 11K- year's total for Blackall fill in the second month of til,, vcar, as already stated. Other falls' were 1 ~~ in April. 101 in Janu ary; no lair, fill during June, 1J4 was puu-&lt;*'&lt;l i" .Inly, and 369 made a k&lt;>&lt;»; liniih i ' tlu- year, the rain dur ing the |ifive months being under an ir-e.i. and the sixth month dry. Slav i.. .'isu-red 44 points. Other ivgistert ' .lit;lIIS w^re: -t entral Highlands--8*32 points, on C7 days. Northampton Uowsn, ^|t;I , ? t \'UI Till LiOW lands-Alif- -S4l*. on 48 days Aramac. I."'*-' on 4S days. Bar (..aldine, 17:'.". un 55 days: Bowen Dunns. "-S" cr. 2!&lt; days; Darr River Downs-. Evesham. 1465. on IB dilvs; Evi.r.% -076, on' 40 days; lsis foi'd 42 days; Longreach 268^! on 3:* days; Mount Cornish 2026," on St' days (no record for Janu ary) ; Muttaburra. 2259, on 46 days; Saltern Creek 23!>7 (six days recorded for August ar.'i the last three months onlv); Tangorin, 1544, on 34 days; Wcilshot, 304 on IS days (for last six months only1: Westland1, 428 on S days (for last five months only). Other localities-Winton, 1091, on 40 days; Diamantina Lakes. 740 , on 31 days, beaten only by Monkira and Windorah for drought, both places being under seven inches. Hughenden, 1920; Rich mond. 1412; Springsure, 2868; Eme rald, 2947; Clermont, 3427; St. George, 205S: Charleville, 2520. Very heavy rain fell in the north, especi ally in January and Februajrj*. at Townsvillf. during a hurricane (of which we will write later). In \iew of la§t week's cyclone in the north the figuree will 'read with interest. In January 21>57 points were registered, and in February, 220S, March 1098-11 feet of water in three months! Bowen had but little rain in March, but in January gauged 3635 points, and 2JS4 in February, 5S.29in. for two months -more feet of rain.-The heavy rain continued to work down the coast. Mackay had 2131 points in January. 3232 in February, a total of 53.63in. The hurricane petered out as Cape Capricorn was reached, Rockhampton measuring 27u0 in January, and 2044 in February, a total of 47.44in.; Glad stone had 3256 for the two months, while- at Brisbane the total for the iant period was 4497 (Cape Moreton 17GS). It will be interesting to com pare the January rainfalls for 1918 with these. We will have a look over notes on rain distribution for the year 1896, taking the State lis a whole. In Janu ary ti e rain was generally below the avora&f. inland and south of the paral lel of Bundabtrg, but above north and east of a line joining Bundaberg, Miles, Hughenden, and Gilbert River, also on the north coast and 1'eninsula. except inland between Fairview and Thornborougli: very heavy on coast district between Townsville and Tropic of Capricorn. February-Very wet and greatly above average generally, except in the extreme south-west, vrtiere below j.verage, IB inches above averatif. at Cape York, 12 inches above at Charleville. 10 inches above at Mut taburra. Elgin Downs. Blackall and Brisbane. March.-The whole of the State south from the parallel of Bowen, also around the Gulf and most Of the Peninsula was well below average Rain was abovP average north "and east of a !ine joining Char ters Towers, Gilbert River, and May town; also on extreme north of Penin sula and near St. George. April Greater part of State below average, but above west and south of a line joining Normanton, Boulia, Spring sure, and Cunnamulla; also above of! the East Darling Downs and all the Peninsula north of Card-well, and Mt. Surprise. Below average round Gulf between Normanton, Georgetown, and Musgrave. May.-Much below average generally, except on north coast be tween Cairns, Thornborough, Fair view, and Cooktown. June-Again very dry and below normal, except on central coast between Bowen and the "Eropic, where slightly sAiove the average. July-A good wet month above average generally, except over th« Warrego, far south-west, the south-eastern portion of the lower Western Division; also below in coast districts1 between Gympie and Bowen, and Ingham, and Cooktown. August.-Much below normal. Bain was above average on north coast and Peninsula; also between lines join ing Gladstone, Ieisford. Aramac, Gros venor Downs, and Rockhampton. September. - Again much below average generally, but slightly above at Cooktown. October-Another dry month, and totals were bel|>w the average everywhere, except at Gilbert River. November.-Good rain fell, specially in the south-east, including thP Dailing Downs and Maranoa. A large area west from a line joining Nebo and TSaroom to as tar west as Blackall and Hughenden, including the north coast and Peninsula, was below average. December-The last month of the year was generally be low normal, but it was above over the Maranoa, Darling Downs, and More ton districts; also in the Central West north of the meridian of Black all, and west from a line connecting Normanton and Blackall. The whole is summed up as the average for the year, being a trifle over normal con ditions. On the 26th and 27th January there was a hurricane at Townsville. Mr. C. S. Norris, who liad been keeping mete orological observations in Townsville for 17 years, gives the "Evening Star" of 30th January, 1896, a most interesting report He said that for some time previous to Saturday, the 25th January, the weather had been very unsettled with squalls from east and south-east, and on 25th Jan., there was a gal« blowing from E.S.E., with heavy rain. During the night the wind veered to the S.E. and de veloped into a heavy galfi and rain. > Th«» barometer fell rapidly, and went down to 29.262, which is the lowest reading recorded. The thermometer registered from SOdegs. to 82degs. during the hurricane. ThP force of the wind during Bom« of the squalls was from iid miles to 100 miles an hour. On Monday, the rain gauge, which holds twelve inches of rain, was over flowing. Mr. Norris gave no Informa tion as to damagp donP to the town. How history repeats itself! Twen ty-two years ago Townsville and south of it was visited by a hurricane, Cleveland Bay being the crux of the storm. Ther« were not the elaborate and delicate instruments for forecast ing as exists at the present day, but Mr. Clement Wragge, the then mete orologist. had as fine instruments as then existed in any part of the State, and accurately forecasted the "blow," Which hfi called "Sterna." My 1396 diary is particularly interesting for the first two months of the year. I read that on the 31st January details came to hand respecting the hurricane of a few days before: "The town appeared as though bombarded, and hundreds of people are homeless. The damage done was very great, and there was sottip loss of life." The storm worked down the coast, but no damage was reported. The rain was not particu larly heavy out west diiring January, but there was .extreme heat. On the 2lst the thermometer ? marked lOSdegs. and on the 23rd 107degs. On thfi 21et llfldegs. was the shade temperature in Sydney, and deaths -were recorded from heat apoplexy. Hockhampton appeared to have struck the tail of "Sigma," and the rain extended along the Central line. At thB end of Janu ary the train was delayed by wash aways, and the mail due Friday did not reach us until Sunday morning. On the 3rd February thp Dawson flats were ten miles under water, and pas sengers travelled over the break at their own risk. The train left Barcal dine at ft.50 a.m., and put in the night in Emerald, going on if practicable next morning. On the 4th February liarcaldine had a storm which regis tered SO points in 15 minutes; further rain at night and next «iay. On the 5 th railway reported five washaways on line. Hockhampton had ten inches of rain in 24 hours. The water was up to the decking or the Fitzroy bridge, and one foot in the Criterion Hotel. The down train got as far as Jericho, and the up'train was stuck at Anakie. On the 10th it was re parted "No vegetables in town except pumpkins; supplies short; rivers are going down." On the 12th "a train arrived with flour, thus staving oft a famine." On the 15th there was a through train, and a "rocky" trip it was. I was a passenger by it. The passengers boated and walked the tressle bridge from near Gracemer^ to Yeppen (three miles). The city was found to be surrounded by water. Ex tremely heavy weather on coast; the s.s. Burwah laid to for two days in Wide Bay. 18th-Floods continue to recede. Heavy rain fell in the west on the 26th at 9 a.m. Barcaldine gauging only 2.18in., but Ilfracombe had 9.36in. in 48 hours, which washed away the approaches to Kanp Creek bridge. On the 27th the tirains were hung up again for a few d^ys, there being nu merous washaways and the Nopoa bridge (low level in thosp days) seven feet under water. March opened fine and continued so for nearly the whole month. The temperature was very similar to that of the present month, not exceeding SO. June and July were recond months for cold. Nearly every morning hoar frosts lay on the downs, and ice was to be found on exposed vessels. Pumpkins and some varie ties of flowers were destroyed, but the cabbage was never before so sweet and tender and frep from aphis. Thp records are very ample in re spect to thp severely cold weather in May, June, July, and August. As early as May 12th pumpkins and potatoes were destroyed by frost in the Upper Logan. During June the frosts were verv severp even Upper Carpentaria divisions feeling the cold. Frosts were general over the Central and Southern districts, Alice marked 23degs. Simi lar conditions prevailed in July, and thp sugar cane on the Mary River was much damaged. Emerald reported on 11th July:-"Weather during past three or four weeks coldest ever ex perienced; Icicles depended from gal vanised iron roofs." The manager of the Acclimatization Society stated in a report tliat many of the plants were permanently damaged. On the 5th August there was thick ice a: Win ton. On the 6th August RocUhampion reported the winter was one of the (severest ever experienced in the dis trict; thermometer on grass below freezing point on past ten mornings min. 28degs. Other records for thp year were |On the 3rd January there was a fear ful hurricane at St. George; and some damage was done, especially to old buildings. On the 21st December therP was a heavy storm at Croydon. On the 3 st February Clermont ex perienced a heavy flood; on 6th Feb ruary there were floods at Rockhamp ton, and on 3rd March there was a great flood at Georgetown. On 2nd February Hughenden advised:-Five inches of rain; drought in district broken. On the 3rd Brisbane ^ad vised: Further splendid rains' in Queensland, and on the 27th heavy rain in and around Brisbane. Sea Hill advised that the total rainfall for February was 16.9Sin., being the high est recorded for nine years. In con nection with the unusual cold weather various falls of snow were reported. On 22nd June snow fell in many parts of the Stanthorpe district, and in July the region was covered with snow several inches deep. Toowoomba district had a like experience. Mr. Jos. Johnson, State School, Sugar loaf (seven miles from, and some 400 feet higher than Sthnthorpe), wrote to the Brisbane "Courier" on 25th July, 1896:-"Snow three inches deep on the ground. ..Only once in more than 20 years' acquaintance with the neighborhood have I found anything approaching the present severity, and that* was in-July last1 year, when more than two Inches of snow lay on the ground. I was informed, however, by a very old resident that some SO years ago he saw .anow lie on the ground lor tttren days." ^faere were some plagues among live stock in those days. TowMVillp reported oh 6th June, tick plague very virulent In Tully River district; one loet 460 cattle in three or four weeks. A letter from a firm in Townsville re ported great losses mi. the Burdejdn delta owing to tick fever. In one In stance a herd. of 3000 «attt» were reduced in twelve months to 700; in another 500 head - were lost on the roads, whilst almost the Whole of a milking herd of 900 died. MoBt of the dairy cattle in thp neighborhood suc cumbed. On the Upper Mary River (near Card well) the losses of cattle weiv> from 60f to '76 per cent.- The plague, appeared to have' been con fined to the north. ' Ob the 6th No vember -there w&s a heavy hailstorm at Roma. . cjj.  ? An advetlsement having appeared in Brisbane papers inviting the supply of iguana oil and living reptiles, the various Rabbit Boards are up in arms and taking: action to have such des truction of the reptiles as this would indicate immediately stopped. The in discriminate destruction 'of i&ulanas should cease because it is considered they are a prominent factor in the destruction of rabbits, and are also useful in minimising the blowfly pest. It is pretty well-known that onP of the remedies for minimising: the sub marine menace is to build wooden ships and plenty of them, and the in dustry is now in full swing in numer ous American, Canadian, and British Columbia yards. It is argued that wooden ships would not sink when torpedoed. would merely become winerlogged and float for days, while steel ships sink in minutes. Each vessel is about 6000 tons displace ment. capable of carrying 31200 Hiiif gross weight of cargo, and cost about £60,000 each. Not fast, of course, but about li' or 1- knots, and driven by engines -if 1500 horsepower, oil bein.j used a* furl. America hopes to be si.on turning out, oil an average, three wooden ships a day. and C.-t iuh'h } j ships a day. With the vessels already completed towards the end of last year, it is expected that il "leet of over 1400 woden ships will be ready for carrying cargo within a few mon ths. Three to four months is all 'bat is reciuired to complete a (Wooden ,«!,ip. Ill connection with the Kaiser's ofi repeated claim that he is closely re lated to the Almighty,, who highly ap proves of all that Germany has done, is doing, and yet intends to do, a London paper relates an amusing story that is being circulated among the Allied troops in France and else where. Bethmann-Hollweg had been delegated by the Kaiser with a spec ial mission to Heaven. He knocked at the gate, and when an angel opened it the delegate asked permission to speiil; to le bon Dieu. "Impossible," said the angel, "He is busy-very busy." The Ambasador of William H. expressed his disappointment. "How unfortunate," said be, "for 1 liave an announcement of the greatest im portance to communicate to the Al mighty from my master." "And what is rliat?" asked the angel. "Well," re plied the envoy, "My master, the Kaiser, has charged me to announce to the Alimighty that he has just con ferred noble rank upon Him, and that hereafter he can call Himself von i Gnu." 1 When shearers l.iu rouseabouts be- ? come tired of making good money at : their respective callings, coal-mining , otters some brilliant prospects-could I almost be correct!;, described as gold- ? mining when judged by the earnings ! of some of tliu.se engagc-d in it. At , Kandos. in the Lithgow district, two . coal miners drew £33/13/8 for Pi days 1 work, while one recei .'ed the extra- ; ordinary amount of £33/18/8 for 9? i ilaj.s. In the Maitland district two colliers working a« mates were the ; other Saturday to draw £51, this re- j presenting a fortnight's work. There i were ten working days in the fortnight [ therefore this represented over £2/10/ I a day. K.ght hours a day only were ' wi. Ned and under the bank to bank j siein. _ j li is believed Un&lt;t the Sinn Fein j movement in Ireland is petering out, ; the main 'snip- beinr the lack of ' sympathy from America. It was be- 1 lieved that the L'niied States would lie- i friend them at tlie Peace Conference, I instead of which the Irish-American i Committee sent :m address to the j leaders giving tliem good advice and j repudiating the Sinn Fein tactics in , Ireland. A com-i por-dent in Dublin j writing on this matter says:-"It is i hoped that 1he Irish farmers and their 1 sons, bcJivc now cunfiimtetd with this ] naked issue, will repent (heir desor- ; tion of tlv ikili> \ of r-onstitut ional re form." Viie Jri'li-American appesJ was also cxpected u> impress the | members of Hi,-. Irish-Convention more l than ever with "the magnitude of j their responsibilities and opporiuni- . tes at this mi>M &lt; ?itk.al moment in i the country's affairs." For some mysterious reason some newspapers and public speakers are. continually gibinp' at the State hotel at Babinda. But as tlie place is esta blished, and. was a good stroke of business because (so we were told) an offer was made for the place running into about twice as much as it cost the Government, one cannot help wondering why the matter cannot be allowed to rest. Perhaps on the prin ciple that any old stick is good enough to beat a dog wilh, nothing is too small to throw up against the State's one and only piibbery. A Cairns paper having discovered that although the crushing of cane has been com pleted at the sugar mill at Babinda, some of the machinery is to be kept going at night in order to provide the State hotel with electric light. The paper Is anxious to know who is go ing to pay this extra expense, and whether it will fall upon the hotel's customers, the beer imbibers in par ticular. General Foch has no fear in regard to the German threats as to what they are going to do in Prance, and is not impressed at all with the an nouncement that France was to be finally wiped off the map lor ever and ever, amen. He told aa interviewer that the Germans will not ',r®a15 through; they have tried ana failed before .and will fail tpaln. Th? French are stronger than ever in guns, muni tions, and aeroplanes, and their mor ale is better than ever, whereas the German troops have ueterioratod. lhe Germans will have no new gaseB, but ?will hav« tanks, yet the French can out-match them. The Teuton num bers do not make superiority; they had three to one in the Yser cam paign. when the French were almost without artillery and munitions; yet they failed. General Foch, believed the danger to Italy had passed, and that the army will hold its own. He did not seem to risk an opinion on the Russian mix-up-too difficult to form any sort of one probably. Tltf Goim&n ima.ginB.tUm, always very Keen, as witness the numerous communiques issued in Berlin, has been playing some cruel tricks on the troops on the western front, who be lieve that Britain and France have all sorts of new and dreadful contri vances with which to experiment with the unfortunate Huns as soon as the big attack commences. It is a good policy to deny nothing what the Ger mans imagine, but encourage tliem to belie\v all the more, hence when a re port reaches the Allies of som&lt;> new contrivance the Germans say they (the Allies) have Invented, nolioi takes the trouble to deny it. Gas is a. thine that greatly worries the Huns. Although they were so keen in first Dniiivr it themselves, they havP a very silicon- :iiul deep objection to their enemies doins no, and describe it as a contravention 'if all the rules of war fare. The Germans credit some most alarming stories they have heard in resa.nl to the Jititisli gas, and are quite certain ?. eight new varieties Slav,, been invented for their benefit, ami 110 one has taken pity on them and denied tin1 story! A Melbourne firm of shippers and con I merchants appear to have been seizins the opportunity to make hay while the sun was shining. No one know? how Jong the game has J>»en going 011, but a few days ago the firm wan bowled out by the Defence l t partnient. and a case In the lilstriet Court followed. The Department, it was stated, had ordered 10 tons 10 cwts. of coal, and when it was de livered somebody found tinif. to weigh it instead of simply trusting to the honesty of those who supplied the coal, the result being that the con signment was found to be two tons four &lt;;wt. short. This faulty weighing on the part of the firm cost them a fine of £500, the magistrate remarking that i the company deserved all the punish i nielli that could be inflicted upon it, j and everybody will agree with him. | They ale dreadfully particular down Brisbane way as to how the food of the peop)e is handled, and if any tradesman is found to use his bare hands, very speedily he strikes trouble. Don't know if the butchers, bakers, ice men and others wear kid gloves, or hand the goods over with a pair of tongs, because in these parts no one worries about such fads being adopted as prevail in some places on the coast. A man engaged in delivering ice in Brsbane forgot the regulation that he ??lust not do so with hi6 bare hands. oS* had left his apparatus (gloves, tongs, or whatever it was) at home, and had resolved to risk the nains and penalties. Of course he was reported trust the army of inspectors for that, and at the police court a finn of 15/ was imposed, to include costs. The National Labor party is a new institution that seems to be growing well down south, and during the last few months the party has been very active in Melbourne. The general policy of the National party includes , absolute freedom from Trades Hall domination, national ideals to im prove the political and industrial in- I terests of its members, to promote in- J il us trial peace by conciliation and I arbitration, and to induce harmoni- ' ous relations between employer and j employee. A vigorous plan of organi- 1 cation has been' decided upon. The so-called "official" Labor party do not like it, and cases of intimidation, or attempts at It, have been reported to the Natonal promoters; who now notify those attacked to have no fear of threats of boycott, because if such were put into effect the party as a whole would take action to protect and safeguard the industrial interests of every individual member. A goo(l many people hold the belief that the war is responsible for uls those destructive cyclones, especially up north; that the intense bombard ments with big guns have so distur bed the air currents that tliey con centrate with considerable force in quieter atmospheres, thus "ovei-load ing" the air currents that properly belonged to those places. Not caused so much by bombardment of the trenches, but by the anti-aircraft gunjs firing into the .'sky, and the shooting at eaq)i other by flying mac hines while thousands of feet above the earth. If a fan is vigorously used on a hot day without a breath of air, everybody fenows what a cool wind I can be thus produced; but there is a mighty difference between "my lady's fan" and one only of the big guns on the Western front, yet theTe are hun dreds of big guns and thousands of smaller ones constantly being -fired1 off. This idea may intensely amuse j the scientists who know all about air | currents and things; on the other1 hand there may be something in it. I Somebody ought to ask Mr. Wragge about it. There are some parents in Aus tralia whose names ought to occupy a very prominent place on the honor boards on account what they have done for tliP Umpire and Australia. A very keen patriot is Mr. William Kelly, who lives in the Bombala dls trct. He has been «narried three times and gave the Commonwealth 28 children, which in itself is a fiue ex ample of patriotism, but more than that, out of those 28 young Austral ians, nine sons are fighting at the front, the first enlisting when war broke out, and the last son about two years ;tgo. So far none of them have been either wounded or sick. "Has anybody here seen Kelly?" No; but we are all dashed proud to hear of him! The machinery has commenced to move in Victoria for securing the im position of a municipal tax on rate payers to provide for the maintenance of hospitals and benevolent asylums. It seems to be a rather good idea, as whereas . the ? charitably disposed may not have to pay as tales any more than they do at present volutarily (although they may nut like the idea of being compelled to pay), those who subscribe grudingly and not so much as they ought, would have to ©pen their purses a little wider and pay a more reasonable amount on account of charity-more reasonable, that is, when their usual subscriptions (If any)are compared with those obtain ed from the more open-handed. The Premier (Mr. Bowser) was charmed with the idea, and said the question was so important that it would occupy the attention of the Government next session. He added thfrt something of the sort must be done that the charitable institution^ miay still be carried on in a saisfaclor.v manner. During the course of a meeting at Toowoomba supporting the Nation alist cause, and Mr. Blair was refer ring to compensation, a "voice" in terjected: "Pity you didn't get a judgeship." Like a shot Mr. Blair re tor ted: "I .would- like to provide you with an airship, and vour own wind would carry you away." In another part of the address, a "voice" was in evidence again, and wished to know how many Bills the Council had thrown out, to which Mr. Blair re plied: "There is a Bill over there who ought to be thrown out." ^ It seems utterly impossible to teach residents of the country to be careful with their money when visit ing the big cities, and that it would be the safest plan to leave it at home, except for what may be required for mere expenses, otherwise they are merely taking it to Sydney or Mel bourne in order to make a present of a handsom^ sum to some city shark or sharp who has various cunning ways of getting hold of it. There was that resident of Tenterfleld -who the other day, when in Sydney, was green enough to hand over no less a sum than £460 (!) to two men in order to back a horse, of all things. Of course he never saw the men again, and the man from the country then went and complained to the police. If the police had told him straight that be ?was 999 kinds of a fool he would not have got more than he deserved. But such cases are hopeless, and a small army of sharper* will always wax fat and prosperous at the expense of the over-confident country dwellers. It Is usual to describe the Kaiser as being blasphemous when he makes his periodical speeches claiming that God is his personal friend and will not allow the German troops to be de feated, and will eventually give them victory; but blasphemy means words uttered impiously against God, and the Kaiser does not do that, unless by insinuation that the deeds of the Germans since lhe war commenced have Divine approval. Nobody but the Kaiser and his compatriots will believe that. The Kaiser said the other day that the successes in Rus sia were gained with God's help, and j that He would continue to aid him and his troops. Then the President of the Prussian Lower House, not to be out done by the ..Kaiser claimed that in the West the Gorman arms will be victorious-with God's help. It is a bad prospect for the poor Allies, who consider themselves as good Chris tians as tiie Germans any day, and naturally wonder in what way they have offended the Almighty, unless it be by setting out to defend their wo men and children, which is all they have been doing. The church is continually making unkind remarks about the liquor trade and all concerned therewith, and when some figures can be got hold of there is no one so happy as :he parson who has an array of them available, and the opportunity to in troduce them at a public meeting. But after all it is their business :heir business to fight against the iquor trade, especially the Methodists. .Vnd no one can deny that some "shocking examples" of the effects of the liquor trade can be seen any day. Speaking on the. English liquor and food problems a clergyman said in a Methodist Church down South that since the beginning of the war up to, the middle of April last year, alco holic beverages had consumed over four million tons of grain and 340,000 tons of sugar. The speaker said this was tlie equivalent of some milions of loaves of bread per week, while there was as rnucli as 160 million gallons of spirits bonded whtf'i voted to industrial /purposes. When a ship-load of sugar reached London from the Philippines it was seized for the brewers, although the sale of confectionery was restricted or for bidden ? altogether. This is the "wickedness" of all concerned in the liquor trade oriuged lonli into the light of day; still a good many peo ple would much rather consume sugar in a glass of beer than in a handful of sweets. Beer is such a charming liiiuor that poets have even composed songs about it-never heard of any of them thinking to do so about con fectionery. ' When a dance was given in the Litbgow district the other evening iTig-time dancing seems to have i>een included in the programme. Un fortunately for those who enj'>y this sort of dancing Father Casey", of Oberon, was present, and did not. ap prove of it, as he considered such dancing degrading to both sexes. Ho Htateri that he would not tolerate rag-' lime dancing in any of the halls con trolled by the Roman'Catholic authori ties in the Oberon parish. -u Some short time back M>\ Wragge, at present living in New Zealand, said that another -upheaval in the sun, about 12.UUU miles in diameter, is ap proaching the centre or sol:ir disc, and to these nbnormai conditions was cer tainly attributable the Chinese earth quake, the earth tremors in New Zea land, and the South African floods, so no doubt would describe this solar affair as the cause of the North Queensland cyclones. He said -.t must ever be remembered that the earth and the sun arc inseparably linked together by the all-pervading wire less ethnic waves. Such affect not only our atmosphere, but also indus trial affairs and the vagaries of human nature at this critical time, if that is so, apologies are dub all round-to the Germans for accusing them of starting the war; from Ger man}- to the Allies for declaring that they did; from all those who blamed the Unions for causing the recent big strike in New South Wiales, and so 011. tlie chief offender all the time be ing that wretched 12,000 miles up heaval in Old Sol. Toowoomba "Chronicle" feels rather hurt at that city, so well and favorably known all over Australia as the nearest approach to heaven one could possibly have, so far aa com fort is concerned in the middle of summer, not being better known in the United States, for" instance- A letter received by tbe Town Clerk from a city in America the other day displays a state of ignorance that is simply brobdingnagian. The letter contained a request that 11) contents be conveyed to "The Bank in Too woomba, if there be one; if not, to the nearest bank there is!" Consider - inf that the merest one-horse town ship in Australia has a bank of some sort, it is certainly very rough for anybody to express a doubt whether Toowoomba was important enough to have one. The inhabitants really ought 10 combine and send a few photos.' to that benighted heathen in the States, special prominence being given to the handsome banking pre mises in the city. i O 1 We may yet have the pleasure of obtaining in Australia all the petro leum and its products that we re quire, which may mean cheaper kero sene. and cheaper petrol for the motor cars. . Great hopes are expressed that something satisfactory will be even tually obtained from Roma, after all the expense and pounding away for .so long at the bowels of the earth in that locality; but the Penritch dis trict in New South Wales is more' promising, and drilling should be underway there now. The oil seems to be there alright, because during the great drought of 1906, a person who had been gathering soil for ferns in a dry bed at Glenbrook Liagoon, found upon returning home that the soil had a strong smell of kerosene, and upon applying a 'match the soil burned with a steady flame. As this happened in 1906, nobody bothered about it. apparently, uVitil the war and high prices about ten years later woke people up to the realisation of our own possibilities. Thus has the war done good once more, and when the talk-talk-talk about making our own paper comes to .something, that will be another valuable industry in spired by the war. Fred. R. Jam«>p.  .?.??????????????????????????????????. Speaking at the Chamber of Com merce at Toowoomba the other day, Mr. 11. Sinclair advocated a plan which he considered would do away witli the present ridiculous position in the Commonwealth Senate, and would tend to make the Senate less a party body and more a revising Cliainber. His idea is that the Senate should be elected by the State Parliaments, and that the majority should only bo allowed to elect two-thirds, and the minority would have its one-third. It was v business question, declared Mr. Sinclair, and it was a purely non-party &lt;juestion. The electorates weru so enormous that it was absolutely impossible for the candidates to get over the whole of the ground, but if they were elected by the State Parliaments, the State Parliaments would naturally call upon the member for each particular electorate, whose duty it would be to provide them with all local knowledge. "?O"* After his return to Sydney a few days ago liarl Grey said he confessed he stood, hat in hand, before the energy and enterprise of a people who, with little more lhau hall the j population of London, have been nble to accomplish what it has done in Australia. The undeveloped wealth of Australia was to liiin a profound revelation, lie had no idea the people had s.uch a beautiful country. lie quite agreed that the future of Australia rested not so much on the starched collar as the open shirt This means, of course, that it is the man who goes out into the country and develops tin- variety of wealth waiting to be garnered in the rural districts-and which the people outside Australia have no idea of, nor Win habitual dwellers iu the cities either-to which Australi i must knk for advancement, and not to those visa hang about the big towns wearing " starched collars"-two words that bave such a world of meaning ! Karl Grey gave a warning that unless good use was made of the land, a stronger people, who can make better use of it, will come and take it from us. -o In a paragraph ia this column re cently it was hinted as a bit of fun that the New'South Wales Government preferred to raise the railway rates instead of taxing motor cars and petrol, because perhaps too many members owned or wore inter»sted in motor cars. It is now stated that the Government owns 46 new motor cars which are intended for personal use, so what was merely meant as a joke, has a substantial foundation after all. All the same this scribe lays no claim to possessing the gift of second sight. -o The Hon. Joseph Cook was re cently visit.ng Son. Constable Uain, of Cowra, and no douut they had a great confabulation quite outside politics, as they have been close friends for 39 years (says a local paper), and for a long time worked together in the Lithgow mines. There must be something in mining, quite outside being the bloated proprietor of a healthy gold mine, which leads to high posi tions in the land, for Mr. Andy Fisher, who was Prime Minister before the Hon Joseph Cook, had worked in a mine also. It is added that when the present Prime Minister left the mines to try for a seat in Parliament he handed his mining" tools to Mr. Bain, on the under standing that they would work again together as mates if it happened that his services as a member were declined. " He went into Par liament and lie's thero yet," sail Mr. liain, proudly. There could not have beeu much talk about politics during the two hours the old mates spent together, as it is said most of the conversation began with the words : " Do you remember ." People who hate fresh air atid the free and open spaces of the country, crowd into the cities and herd together in surround ings which would drive n tesideut of the couutry to commit suicide iu a day or two or kill liiin in a week. But the city dwellers are only " enjoying"' what they prefer to, although press, public (who are better off), and pulpit are constantly referring to grasping landlords and the menace to health. This is what some families put up with in the city of the beauti ful harbor There is a house in Surrev Hills concaining seven rooms. In one is living a man and his wife and a 18-year-old daughter ; another room sheltered a married couple and five children ; in another a married couple and two children ; and in still another a man and liis wife and five children. The other two rooms are also occupied. Another house of Jive rooms sheltered fourteen adults and sevtn children. It i6 declared that with such a state of affairs existing it must mean moral degrada tion and physical deterioration, which one could easily believe; ani yet the country is crving out for occupation, and the land for settlement. Evidently it ia hopeless to expect slum dwellers to ever be convinced of the beauties of living in the country, else they would be only too glad to get cut of their miserable surroundings-apparently triUerablc, that is, to anybody elso but themselves. -o-. The president of the Toowootnba Chamber of Commerce is apparently not a ladies' man. While that body was seeking a wav to try and induce the Railway Depart ment to modify the charge for platform tickets so far as business people wero concerned, as they did considerable business with the rail ways, the president said the platform charge had been introduced largely to prevent gaping females from going on to the platform to meet the trains. It was not meant to hamper busi ness men.-There is no doubt the girls and voung women like to flock to the railway stations when important trains are due or going out, hut it is unusual to refer to this in the unkind way adopted by the Toowoomba gentleman : it i.&lt; more usual for a man in a hurry to say something under Jus breath when dodging about among the petticoats, and at the same timo keeping a wary eye open for protruding hatpins. The recent cyclone which passed over the Barling Downs knocked the roads about so badly that the Shire Councils are almost in despair as to where funds are to come from to effect necessary repairs. The Glengallan Shire has been particularly un fortunate, and one Councillor said at a recent meeting that if all the availablo revenue for the present vear was spent on the work that is required in No. 2 division, it would bo barely sufficient to meet the demands, and even then . the work would not be of a permanent character. One Councillor thereupon made the unusual admission that he believed lie was under-rated, and expressed himself as willing to pay more rates, as lio considered the i amount of work necessary in the district where be lived warranted his paying moro iu the matter of rating. It Is certainly very un common for a ratepayer to make such an offer; ina wore usual to growl at the amount, how ever small, but when it is raised a little-my word ! you should hear 'em then ! -o The Tasmaniau member of Parlia ment who was a nominal supporter of the Government, jvt caused its defeat on a ques tion relating "to potatoes, lias been gettiog a bad time at the hands of some of the Liberal newspapers for daring to put potatoes betore party ; but it is pointed out by gome who are not so hot-headed, that to the landholders of the north-west coast of Tasmania the potato is incomparably more important than any party. There is much pood money being made out of waste materials, so-called, when properly handled, and in sufficient quantity, 'fin; revenue last year from the Bradford (Eng land) Corporation grease factory, for instance, amounted to over £48.00,0. This sum repre sents what other people have thrown away, for the grease is extracted from waste products ot the wool industry. When the crude wool is washed at llradford some of its oat ira! fat is washed into the sewers. By collecting the " sludge" and extracting the fatty substance tli-' city is a tile to dispose of about 120 tons of Crease" per week -This item not only shows the gigantic size ol the Bradford wool industry when 120 tons of gtease per week is obtained from the " waste,"' but should give a wrinkle to our wonlsrours, which might consider whether it would he worth while to try and save the grease in these establishments. ?1 -0 One of the immigrants who re cently arrived in Sydney from England thinks the immigration boom "from Great Britain to Australia and New Zealand will go on lor years. Australia looms larger in England lately than any other 13ritisl> colony overseas. The liritish are tired of Canada ; there is no room for them in the I'nited States; they are not wanted in South Africa: and such good reports had been coining through from the Common wealth that that is the place tliey are now looking to. -o If anyone warns work Archbishop Kelly's advice is to pray to God for it, and He will send it; but no man has a right to say to another, "Give ine work."' Hut a man must make his work profitable to his employer. A man who would not give a fair day's wages for a fair day's work will stand in lawful judgment before God, ami a man wiio will not give a fair day's work for a fair 'lay's wages will alsn have to stain! lu-fore God in judgment.-It will he news t.i many that the Almighty taken an interest ju the labor problems of the day, and that thBfc> employers and employees who do not do the fair tiling will hear about it in the hereafter-some might even want to know how the enterprising Archbishop knows. -o According to the Federal Attorney Grneral (Mr. H'. |l. Irvine) preference to unionists was passed at the point ol the Labor bayonet. It constituted one of the worst blots on the Statute Hook of Australia. T/i!> law should not be able to say to any man that he should not hare a right to earn his bread. Was it not time that tiie veil of hyp-icri'-y was rent asunder with regard to the cry "Other things being eijual" in the preference to union ists principle. -o The cabicman recently sent out a mis.-iiug wnri puzzle. !n a certain new plav, it is stated, a great Australian adjective is iii rroduced and has to be spoken by the leading lady. With two exceptions the newspapers could no' screw up enough courage to put the word in type, but fell back upon the good old dash or asterisks. The censor did not prohibit the use of the word, and while some critics considered the application of the word was defensible, others were shocked at the author's alleged had taste. The audience themselves were so tabeu by surprise that they laughed uproariously when the word was first used, but its repetition was received almost in deadly silence. What; is the missing word-the "great Australian adjective ?" Can it be the word that rhymes with ruddy ? No hint is given by the cableman, -o Sir. Clement Wragge is not dis mayed or discouraged by all that has been said about the. absurdity of anyone claiming to bo able to forecast the weather for weeks ahead, let alone yeara, and comes up smiling with a forecast up to 1993. During 1914-15 tilings will be improving ; good seasons during 1917 20: a fal!ing-off in 1921-22; bad droughts in 1923-24; improving again in 1925-26; good seasons in 1927-30. Mr. Wragge adds that wo must be prepared for the bad srasons. A Government is wanttd strong enough to grap ple with the all-important problem of water conservation. Australia wants fewer laws, less politicians, and tower statesmen. ISy the conservation of water only can this great con tinent be saved from the ravages of drought. This last remark is not very complimentary to the Commonwealth electrician who claims to bo able to make it rain whenever he wants it i to, and by means of electricity, not by bom barding the sky with guns like Mr. Wraggo was experimenting with at one time-believe it was >lr. Wragge, but am not sure. It would not be ranch ubo quoting froin mining reports for this column, but it is always interesting in make extracts from the wool reports periodically issued by tho liig lirms which handle this commodity, which, after all. is much more valuable than anything obtained by mining, tioldsbrough, Mort re cord with much feeling of satisfaction that 1913 was another successful year which will add something like £32,C00,000 to Australia's wealth, all obtained from wool. Tho meat ex ports have also increased substantial^-, and compared with 1912 the exports of mutton and lainb show increases of almost 70 percent, and 31 per cent, respectively. Tho growth of thU trade means that such a large proportion of the sheep will bo wanted for the freezer that any increase in wool production can hanb'y be looked lor. Favorable seasons ha->e served to increase the figures, but the dry years, to which Australia is subject, will surely make inroads on quantities. Raring the season just ended the market has been buttressed mainly by the Continental section, Franco particularly having bought freely and continuously thinugh uut, while American purchases have been much augmented, -o A horBe breeder who races his own stock writes to the Toowoomba "Chronicle" complaining about the way race meetings are conducted in those parts, sod signs his name to his letter also. At the Christmas meeting liis horse. Don't Care, started in the Christmas Handicap, and the betting being out of reason about that horse the attention of the stewards Was drawn to it. After the race was run ttia rider was remonstrated with, when lie said, " Be will roinp home, to-morrow," which he did with the greatest case. The horse was entered for the Farewell on the same day, and when the owner of another horse sought to square matters with the owner of Don't Care and was met with a point blank refusal other means were used and Don't Care had no pos sible chance of winning unless the reins had broken. At Oakey a certain racing man went to the writer in reference to the Oakey Handi cap, and not being content with what he was told went to the rider and asked him to " stop" Dou'c Care, but the rider wasn't taking any and Don't Care won. Tile owner wanted action taken to keep 6uch " scoundrels" off the racecourses, as racing was becoming so de graded that all respectable racing men would have to stand clear. The letter concludes: .' No wonder the attendances at rac&lt;? meetings were falling off, as the public are not going to patronise races simply to bo " rooked" by such scoundrels as mentioned " -o They aeem to be enjoying more seasonable weather on the Darling Downs than we have been in these parts, and there is ap parently no occasion to think that the manager of the weather department had made a mistake and was thinking April was December, like we have been compelled to do. A Warwick paper mentions that three weeks after a big hailstorm had occurrcd nt a place called Mouatside hail stones were still to bo Been lying about. If this storm had happened in Karcaldine, say, a couple of hours would probably see the stones melud even it they were aa large as the pro verbial egg#-not "pigeon's though, but enju eggs. -o Although a good mauy people dwell ing in the cities become sentimental over the emu and the kangaroo and consider both should be piotected as valuable Australian assets, the pistoralist thinks differently, and small blame to him. U he has to pay rent for his country he would rather sheen used the grass than kan carons and emus. On the Darling Kiver, in N.S.W., ic is said the emus are swarming over large areas of country and doing a lot of dam age to t!ie green grass, while the kangaroos are breeding up very last and are promising to be come a serious pest. The kangaroos are pro tected ail the year round, and the emus are also protected, so an agitation is being renewed to have both protections removed. It is esti mated that same of the stations would carry thousands more sheep if there were no cinus. --o There are ways nf being slowly tortured to death in civilised countries, and without adopting any of the horrid schemes of red luuians or Chinese. It was reported from New Zealand the other day that a man who had been bathing in the surf at Tauranga, was carried out to sea by the current, but nu» ceeded in reaching a small island. When thu| report leit he had already been there 30 hours, stark naked, without feort, and in a bitterly cold wind, and it was not expected he could survive much longer. Attempts were made with a powerful launch to rescue him, but the sea was so rniiL'l: it was impossible to get any where near. 1'aney over thirty hours of such an experience, to say nothing of the hopes raised in the hreast of the unfortunate inan when the launch approached. and the succeed ing despair when the boat lailed to reach him. When tbo Home Secretary was in Adelaide and wanted to know the situation of t Inclines oi the Secretary of Agriculture and lri^ntion, he remembered the advice to " ask a policeman but to his surprise, although lie asked a sergeant and a constable, neither could inform yet the offices turned out to be only 200 yards away, Ic is said that Mr, Appel immediately determined there should be no eucli ignorance shown by tho Uri&baoe police, and the Commissioner was to have the men on duty in the metropolis instructed as to the location of public offices, &c. --o While tbe Hon. J. G. Appel (Home Secretary) was peregrinating about down south, and propelling his burly form into the various public offices belong to the other fellow, he paid much attention to the condition and rates of pay of the police farces in the various States. He was convinced that the Queensland men were better off than those in Soutli Australia and Victoria. Id Victoria the police supplied their own uniforms, did not receive any pension, and had to insure them selves-men joining since 1932 having to insure their lives for .£200. l"he police are brtter off in New South Wales than they are in Victoria, and the Commissioner of Police in Victoria is trying to have the conditions of the service brought up to tho level of the Northern States. -o Nothing seems to work out right in the pastoral industry, except the prices of wool md stock-the pests are particularly in dicated. Owiug to drought the number of rabbits had Hwn considerably reduced about Wilcannis. This would seem to show that the drought was a blessing in disguise, or an unmixed blessing; but it really appeared to be a mixed sort of blessing, as rabbite being scarcer the foxes, described as plentiful, were expected to %&lt;i for the early lambs, and the dingoes also, if they could not make a square meal out of rabbits, would certainly give un welcome attention to the lambs. -o It ecems that a hotel keeper is Dot allowed to have an interest in more than one license-in New South Wales, anyhow. The Licensing Court at Sydney was tho other day dealing with a case in which a Newtown hotel keeper was charged with also having a beneficial interest in a hotel in Sydney, cn every day between the lOtli and 23rd ol Janu ary. Although the defendant pleaded not guilty the Court, after considerable evidence had been taken on both aides, unanimously found that he was so, and fined him per day for the thirteen days (15 unlucky days ?) mentioned in the information. This totalled £65, while costs were £12 123. It is said to be unlucky to walk under a ladder ; it is also sometimes unlucky to go anywhere near one. While a lineman was Axing a telephone wire in the 6;iluhrri'is town of Murtrillumbah (suppose it is "salu brious." but the word is merely used to embellish the phrase), and usiug a ladder 50ft. in length, a couple of dogs had a fight.. and while struggling in the good old way ic is the nature of dogs to do on such excitable occa sion!), the ladder was knocked down. As nothing is Slid about anything serious happen ing to the man at the top. he probably held on to his wires; but in falling: the ladder struclr an old man on the head, and he was sufficiently injured to require the services of a Joctor. He evidently had a more tender skull than the negro failor who, when a big pulley block fell on his head from where some men were doing repairs at the top of a mast, merely glanced up aloft and called out, indignantly, " New then, who's that a' spittin' ?"  STOCK STATION CHAKFION OFFICE Friday, 4 p.m. Dhoughty conditions prevail, and without being pessimistic appearances indicate a dry time ahead. Mr. Clement Wragge, who some years ago was Queensland's weather prophet, and was untimely retrenched, adheres to his prognostication o! some years ago with a modi fication, and in another column we copy from Sydney " 8un" his wanting to pastoralists and -all others interested to conserve water, in view of a dry time ahead. He does not forecast anything like the 1902-5 drought, neither is he .an alarmist, but he gives a "little friendly ad vice," which, in any case, it would not be wise to overlook. Since the cyclonic storm on Sun day, mentioned elsewhere, the weather lias greatly modified in temperature, until now we ?can say quite pleasant conditions prevail, with cloudless skies. Of course this is ideal breather for shearing, and work is going on well at Saltern and other places mentioned in our reports. At HcLiaughtin's shearing will commence on Monday with P. Currie'e 7000 from Clover Hills; several other lots will follow. In scour ing Noondah Park has been completed, and the Tarcombe clip will be finished Monday. Bowen 'Downs and Braidwood clips are being scoured. The Barcaldine Co-Operative movable plant passed through on Tuesday for Bandon Grove, Arrilalah, where shearing will commence on Tuesday, weather permitting. The No. 2 team Is at Marchmont, and work is' progressing satisfactorily there. Tee following wool was despatched from 'hen during the week:-Kensington 186 bales, Bowen Downs 91, Moondah 63, Mt. Arthur 51, Lilydale 41, Weewondilla 12 ; total, 446 bales. The following were the stock passings this week:-Two mobs of eheep, 4000 c&ch, from .Clover Bills to McLaughlin's scour and return, P. Curry owner in cbaige; 4600 mixed sheep. 'Dunraven to Beta, J. McGuioness owner. T. Thompson in charge. Shearing is progressing splendidly at Saltern "Creek, also at Leicbhardt Farms. The following firms have been registered : 'Hoase & Welu, Qeteward, near Longreach, grasiers. Commenced business Sept. 30th. 1 Proprietors-John F. Hoase, Toowoomba, and Louis E. M. IVehl, Hereward. Registered at Brisbane, Sept, 50th. Scanlan & Sons, grazing1 farm 593, Winton district. Proprietors-Tim othy Scanlan, Sydney J. -Scanlan, and John .Scanlan jr. Reg. at C. P.S.. Winton, Sept 19th. Firm closed-A. SI. and J. J. Doyle (Alexander M. Doyle and John J. Doyle), Munro, via Win .dorah, graziers. Closed July IStb. Our Bowen Downs correspondent reports under date. 15th inst.:-We have had good ? shows for rain but no results here. On the 8th the body of cloud was to dense' that we momentarily expected a few inches to fall. We had a few heavy drops, and that w*S- alii From then to the llth it was fairly cool. Yes terday and to-day were quit# hot, but nary a cloud. It may mean storms sooner or later. The Middle Park lands, after five years de lay, are to be thrown open on 10th' November next, first as agricultural farms. The purchas ing price is 25n. an acre, and the rent, which will be counted as part of the purchasing -money, 7£d. The total improvements amount to &lt;£1025. The Beaconsfield bore, which has for some years been in charge of Mr. John Nee, is likely to be abandoned, the bole badly caving in and -the country being most unfavorable for striking a second supply at any further reasonable depth. The Messrs. Fairbairn have stuck to this hole well, and have spent several thou sands upon it. Only a first supply has been struck, some 100,000 gallons per day, but Die water is palatable and of great use, as it waters thousands of Bheep in what was oon . sidered otherwise dry country. r At 2483 feet ' it was decided to obtain some special tbols, and these have now been received by Mr. Nee, who leaves to-day for Ilfracombe. It the hole stands up, boring will be continued for some further distance, but the driller has but little 'hope of success, and he reckons he will shut .down during the week, and the plant be re moved to Daunton (Messrs. Beatty &Foalsbatn), -eight milw due east Mr. Rule . the new owner of Speculation, has Aurchfclw aA " fiolipse" boring plant. wlth «rh!bhtotest&lt;oHub4rteslan wateri qptot lation is one of the oldest " desert" holdings, and the last remaining hotel, known as " Springer's." on the old road between Ararnac and Clermont, was on the run. A. Jericho correspondent mentions that 142 Srime bullocks were trucked for Bedbank, team. J. Cook & Co. owners, and two truck loads of the same herd went to Rocbhampton. These cattle were from Wldgeman, and Mr. W. Mclvor was in charge. 1600 bullocks are to be removed from the McLaughlin Proprie tary's Mexico station to the Company's Raby Creek station, Duaringa. Mr. Elliott, of the Merriwa Shearing Co., is in charge of the Gar field shearing, now underway. 