 WEATHER CYCLES AND COMETS A resident of Bathurst writes as fol-&lt;*> lows:- Early in March Mr T. W. Keele gave an Interesting account of his tions oh weather cycles, and quoted from the Bible In support of his theory that "the 171-year cycle Jβ the ..true periodic ity." Hβ studied the Darling River and Lake George flood records, and from the latter says:-"It clearly shows a. period of 57 years." From "the annual inunela llone of the Nile as far bock an 1736 ana up to 1905. . ... it became evident that lt&lt;i period must be either 114 years or 171 years," _Then he quotes the lato Mi' Symous on British rainfall showing 07 yearn, and historical events from Wal lord's and other catalogues as allowing 17i yiMU-u as the "regular intervals." Concerning the 171 years cycle, I wrote some time-ago that life wan too short to worry over a. 171-years' cycle, and I ob servo that Mr-T. E. 'Willis is of tlie samo opinion. It is Interesting to ccc that Mr Keele admits that "there were evi dences that some mysterious Influence af fected the weather every 19 years." "When 1 uret read' of Mr Keele's 171 years' cycle, some months ago, I wondered whether he over thought of a peculiarity in. his ttndings. viz., that all his argu. ineirts support: the 19 years' cycle, so ably worked out for some time by the late Mr Russell, inasmuch as he names a 67 -ye&re' cycle, which U really three periods of 10 years, and his 171 years' cycle Is also three periods, but of 67 years, and nine of the IS years cycle. I always believe In looking at the bright aide of things; hence shortly after reading Mr Clement Wragge's alarming statement, published on September 11, 1908, that "the rainfall in Australia will now fall on", but the coming drought will probably be not so severe as the last," in January of 1909, when I had completed some investigations after several months of very dry weather, I wrote that good rains were not far off. Only a few days later excellent rains fell, January finish ing with 370 points at Bnthurst, and the year turning out one of the best for nine years, not only here, but all over the State. It ie now just 12 months since I wrote regretting that the Commonwealth Meteorology Department did not publish the valuable information that the lato Mr Russell used to give, and, as the people were complaining bitterly about the dry spell then prevailing, especially about Sydney and the South Coast, both being about one-third short, the Hunter and Manning one-quarter short, the cen tral west slopes the same short, the north coast one-tenth, and south table land onertwelfth short, I said that sonic of them might reasonably expect earlier relief. Every one of these had magnifi cent rains, and finished up the year 190'J with great increases. And since then greater rains have fallen, even to severo floods, in several parts, and waterspouts have been seen on the ocean. The important' question to now con sider is:—What Is probable after . tho fearful downpours in Europe, on the ocean, and some parts of Australia? The long dry spoils since March 12 last, when 114 points fell, and only 41 points on April 18, and U on April 24, together with severe frosts, and good threaten ings, but all going away, and signs, one is reluctantly compelled to.feel that some "mysteroius influence": is at work interfering with the 13 years' cycle, and that possibly Mr Clement "Wraege's drought haa commenced. " ' . ,i . ; The passing of the stars Venua, ana Jupiter brought nice .rains. The; Aurora Australia brought lovely rains. : The solar eclipse apparently did ' nothing. "It is Halley's comet that we' now-look to as the cause of the trouble. The "last: great comet that we remember was:: that of 18S1. The year 1880 was a drought, and this continued until 1880;. and thousands of live stock died in this State. ;an&lt;l Queensland. Creeks dried up, .about Bathurst and Orange that were .; never known dry.,. before. It has ; been sala that it Is 74 years' since Halley's comet appeared until now. That_takes us. back to 1830 (it appeared in 1835). /Asia boy "l well remember my lattf. grandfather often speak of the fearful-drought of 1838. It wa-s long and bad; and, as we usually speak of: them from the close, it is.most likely to have started about 1533. ; .As severe droughts followed the ap pearance, of the ? comets in 1835 and 1881, we fear It may be a. dry time during- the next two or three years, notwithstanding the fact that the great southern" anti cyclonic belt is in the rainy season. We have had"the assurance, of Mr Wragee that the' drought will not be so severe as. the. last; hence we can.rest assured that the country will survive it. "  A PROPHET'S PREDICTIONS. Heat Waves, Cyclones, and. 'Quakes. Anstrnb'ii.'i is in for a bad tunc- Past disasters will pale into insignificance if the predictions of tho latest prophet or even a minimum of them—come to pass. And there is always a chance that one may strike it right, and establish a re putation for accurate foresight. Many weather prophets have arisen m Australia of late years, but they have been content to stop at predicting for a year ahead. To Barmcdinan, however, belongs the honor of producing a prophet who has eclipsed the predictions of ill the names known to Australia. Egeson, Russell, Wragge, Hunt, and the man from Moree are not now in it. The new man is silent as to his system. It may be as simple and as convincing as aching corns in the act of foretelUng 'rain. But whatever it is, neither time nor distance checks its efficacy. Tsobaric pressure, high level stations, kites, baro metric observations, and the like, which are believed to figure largely in the ela boration of the forecast of a day or so, have been overshadowed. Even Zadkiel, Old Moore, and the other great prcdicters, have contented them selves with hazarding the doings of a day, but the Barmedman prophet's prs dictions are enough to iirnkc the boldest of Australia's citizens shiver in his shoes. Neither Mr nor Mr Wade, nor the Egyptian plagues, could promise greater disasters than Mr 11. Walsh, of Barmedman, who writes un der date. May 2, as follows: — "During the first part of 191S there will be great heat waves, causing many deaths cyclonic disturbances, causing towns'and shipping to be seriously af fected, and devastating floods, causing great loss of life and property. "Droughty conditions will rule more or less until 1918. Then there will be a return to a succession of good seasons. There will be an earthquake in New Zea land in the year 19U2; and an earthquake in Australia before 1917; and, owing to the great depression is about to af fect this country, free or assisted immi oration to Australia will cease in 1913. The great drought of 1912 will continue untirthc end of this year.—(Signed) H. Walsh, the Barmedman Weather Pro phet." 