 WEAG&E WEATHER. BEWAHE OF 'HECTOR.' The following special advice and fore east have been received from Mr. Clement Wragge, deted Macclesfield, June 2, 6 p.m.: — 'The Antarctic disturbance 'Aeneas' first mentioned in our advice of May : 11, when he was to the westward, of Kerguelen Island, ran the easting down -in high lati tudes, skirting the high pressures like an eddv on a back water of the Murray. Dur ing his passage he developed overlapping tongues of Antarctic vapors, which were condensed into coastal rain by the anti cyclonic isobars. After rounding Cape Pillar, and as1 was the case with 'Anehises,' his northern side became fused, with a little tropical isobaric loop, and cau=*d the climax that mainly produced a renewal of floods in New South- Wales (especially in the Monaro, Gwydir, Robertson, and Wer riwtt districts), thus interfering to an ex tent with election business, and fully veri fying our forecast issued on May 20 at : Broken Hill. If reader; will kindly refer j to our long advice published on May 13, . none can &ay but that it has been amply \ verified, especially with regard to the ; eastern States, and shipping will bear full testimony. The weather chart of May 31 is wrongly delineated over south-eastern Australia, end by no process of reasoning can the recent cold rains and wintry south east gale on the Victorian coast be termed 'nionsoonal,' ' especially as the sun is near ing the Tropic of Cancer. Looking now to the future the Antarctic disturbance named 'Hector' is over the forties south from the Great Bight. As soon as he rounds Tasmania and Gabo, and becomes free from the influence of the land 'Hector will most probably develop an extension in tongue-like form, down the New South Wales coast into lower latitudes. This i will produce a renewal of nasty south- ? westerly to .southerly weather with more rain foutli from Trial Bay, and strong westerlies at Brisbane. The 'Victorian and ! Tasmanian coasts may also expect another ?doing,' antHJur warning is given accord Triam' and 'Hecuba' will follow 'Hec- \ tor' in course, and we have reason to believe that ere June expires the inland : districts of South Australia will. expe- rience useful intervening rains that will mainly be caused by lunar tides impelling | the Antarctic disturbance. But time j 'proves all things, and we ehall see!- Hec tor' will 'affect New Zealand within twelve , days, and Wellington and Cook's Straits j especially will have cause to remember , him Thus the Dominion is '.hereby spe cially advised, and chipping cannot be too . careful/'  MR. WRAGGE OPTIMISTIC. Mr. Clement Wrogge lias supplied us with the following weather forecast, dated Mooista, July 8:— ' Our seasonal forecast issued in 1904 and again in 1906 to 'the effeat that inland Australia would experience under average rainfall in 1912 /and 1013 is coming only too true. We 'confidently expected that the Antarctic discurbonce. Queen Dido, would. lik*- Hennba... . liave caused corae intervening-- -rain, at least in South Aus tralja, inasmuch as she looked bo pro niisinc oil the Leeuwin. ? But she has rapidly swept away to the southward, only to eorai! up again, like her predecessors, along tho coasts of Gippslanid and New South Wales, and we most freely admit that she has belied our best calculations: A spell of further frosty weather will now be experienced, and the hopes of farmers must be centred on the next dis turbance, named Liisbeth, due ' about the middle ot July. As the sun's rioi'tihera declination .decreases the . blocking - anti cyclones o\w Central Australia must, by physical kw, give way,, so tihat farmera must not lose:- iidj)ie,: 'for thcjT will %vien yet be able to 'dance -the promfeed'iiorn pipe.' .'? ? i ;:v ?.?-'- . v..- ; . ~ it v-Vi'a. - */? ? ? ? 