 TWEATHER WARNBING STATRONS To the Editor. Sir,-Withl much surprise I read a?para graph in a Melbourne paper of the 17th. inst. to the effect that Senator slaughan lad re quested in the Senate that "a more efficient system of weather-warnnig stations should be established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast." He might have added, "and the northern coast of Wratern Australia." In this connection I would ask what has happened to the complete chain of observing stations that 1 equipped -with the very best instruments which London could produce when I was in charge cof the Queensland Meteoroloitcal service; and what about the stations from which I used to receiv' daily data between Gereidton and Pcrt Darwin. on the figures from which I used to notify the approach of "willie wil lic";' in the North-West, in the inter&es of the pearling fleet? I was the more sur prised on reading that Mr. Hunt has com pl1.ted arrangements which will make Bris bane an up-to-date meteorological station, equipped 1with instruments made specially to suit- ithe northern climate. For 16 years I was the head of the Queensland weather rervice. and during that time I estab'Wshed theire (as Mr. Robert. Philp, a former Pre mier, admitted) 'a treteorologirutL aid. wea ther-warning system second to none in the world." 'I11e Brisbane station was first class in evsry respect when I had charge. Storms were "warned" and forecasts issue:l by me that were verified to 95 per cent. in eccurney, andi not only was this done for Quccnsl'and, but for every part of Austfa ;asia. as the people will remember. A:nd all this on an annual vote of £1,500, as erainst the £22,010 (I believe) now expend ed by the Federal Weather Bureau. The Koombana went down, and so dikl the Yongala, and not a word of warning was given. Mr. Hunt talks of instruments spe cia'ly suited to the northern climate. Stand ard instruments such as I employed and fixed in pcsition over the whole of Queens land, including the Cape York Peninsula and the far West, are available all the world over, and the sooner the Minister in charge realises this the better it will be for the public and shipping.-Yours, etc., CLEMENT L. WPAGGE, Lately Government Meteorologist of Queenslaml. Aucki nd (N-Z.), September 22.  THE LOSS-OF T'HE EOOM1B4? A. To the Editor. Sir,-I take it as a very great compli ment, and one that I fully appreciate, that Captain C. H. Watson has thought it worth while to reply to my letter of the 4th ult. Captain Watson. from his training and also actual experience of the willy-willies of our North-West coast, is fully competent to gtoe a reasonable view of what really took place, causing the loss of the a.s. Koombana. I purposely refrained from any remarks as to the course the Koombana took, excepting the one item from Port Hiedland, that when last seen she was steaming right into the north-east gale, and from that I came to the safbe conclusion as Captain Watson, that she really ran right into the centre of the cyclone, and being subject to the terrific force of the convulsions of Nature was destroyed. The real point, to my mind, was that it was an error of judgment on the part of the captain, in leaving Port Hedland, with a low barometer. and with all the indica tions of a storm before him. But there is also this to be considered. If Captain Al len had remained at anchor at Port Hedland and the Koombana had been driven ashore there and wrecked, the probabilities are that.he would have lost his certificate, har ing acted against the Board of Trade regu lations or instructions, which, I believe, re quire a captain tuder certain circumstances to make with all speed for the open sea. Professionally and theoretically, I believe poor Captain Allen acted rightly, in putting to sea when he did. but practically it was all wrong, and here conmes in the folly of laying down hard and fast rules for navi gators, and penalising them if they act upon their own judgment, if that judgment bh contrary to rule, and does not succeed. Thu result in this case is that owing to circum stances over which he had no control, Cap tain Allen took the risk and lost his life, his certificate, as well as his ship, passengers, and crew. Personally, I do not approve of the system of, as it w.ere, terrorising mat ter mariners with the threat that if they lose their vessel, ipso facto, they also lose their certificate, and consequently with that. their means of livelihood. Such a tenor is apt to warp the judgment of the most quick witted and clearminded of men. I am glad to see that Captain Watson agrees with me that the barometer requires to be kept under constant observation. Now there is a point I should like to emphasise. and that is ib reference to the use of the mercurial in conjunction with the aneroid barometer. I consider these two baro meters should be plaeed together. the one acting as a check on the other. I consider of the two the aneroid is-the more usefat as it will frequently indicate a change 24 hours before the mercurial, but owing to its delicate mechanism the aneroid is apt to get out of order, while as a matter of fact the mercurial, though slowdr, is more reliable, owing to its struetre, and its chief utility is really in acting as a check against the aneroid. I arnm in accord wih .Captain Watson in his remarks-about Mr. Wragge's forec . I think our Government would be acting wisely and in the interest.of the shipping on our coast. if Mr. Wragge walappointed to take chae e of the Perth Obarvatory. I think this feeling-is-pretty general. Some times I have beard remarks dispaging Mr. Wragge's forecasts, but even supposing he is not always right, we must remoembe he is not infallible. All that he does i.. simply to deducefrom certain premises proh able-onseq. unes, in other words. forecasts from data obtained. That his fore casts hare proved valuable in the past, T think no one-can in truth dena. We could. therefore. reasonably expect tbht his war ings in tie future would he of service in savingnlfeantd psnenty.--VFnu. etc.. GuildfIord, July'S. P. A. GUGýI  EASTERN AUSTRALASIA. ITEMS BY NAIL. The Newcastle (N.S.W.) Hospital Com mittee has dpcided to recommend the abo lition of private wards ib the hospital. The Melbourne Harbour Trust intends to borrow considerably over £1,000,000 for de veloping the port. Mr. John' Thomson. M.H.R., one of the' Federal Government Whips, has been mar ried in Melbournd to Mrs. Elizabeth Jack. Owing to the dry weather, Dargoville (N.Z.) is short of water, which is being sold at a penny a: gallon. The Rev. Thomas Nosrhcott, M3ethodist minister stationed in Milton (N.S.W.), died suddenly in a private boarding-house in[ Nowrn (N.S.W.). As the result of the recent rain, which gave a rise of 7ft., there is now about 40fi. of water in the Cmberumberka reservoir, Broken Hill. Mr. John H. Reid has been appointed As sistant Governnment Geologist in Queens land. He is at present working in the Gee logical Survei- Office in Sydney. Remarkalle crop results have been ob tained in Eugcwra (N..W.) as a result of experiments in vitalising seed wheat by the use of electric currents. The dry weather in New Zealand has caus ed a serious shortage of water in Manawatu farms and in the sawmills main trunk line district. Some millers are carting water a considerable distance for boiler purposes. A cable nmessage has been received in Sydney announcing the death of . r. Richard George Evered, managing director of Erered and Co. Ltd., of London and Birminliham. Mrs. Peter Moran. of Mile-End (S.A.) pase.l away recently. She was born in Birmingham, England, 58 years ago. She has left a husbanid, five sons, three daugh ters, and four grandchildren. The foreign missions revenue for Victoria for 1913 in connection with the Methodist denonmiiation amounted to £9,458 12s. 11d. The aictual increase after making up the shortage in bequests and specials, is £587 12s. lid. At a meeting in Townaville (Q.) it was proposed to endeavour to raise sufficient tmoney to establish a meteorological, station for North Queensland during the cyclone mionths, and engage Mr. Clement L. Wragge. Mr. Eohraim Bushbv, an old resident of Sydney, and the senior deacon of the Harris street Baptist Church in that city, died sud denly at the age of 80 years. He collapsed while speaking at a prayer meeting in the church. Mr. Fitzpatrick (Chief Commissioner for Railwfys'.in l?ictoria), after investigations abroad, has recommended the adoption of the London systen of automatic signalling when the Melboirne suburban railways are Iclectrified. The Palmerston' North (N.Z.) Borough Council has taken a further step towards mdltiicipalising the gasworks, and it has been decided to approach the ratepayers with a loan proposal of £100,000, with a view to the works being purchased. The Auckland (n.Z.) Gas Company's pro fits for the year 1913 were £48.533. The direcfors recommend that the capital be in creased to £1,000,000. by the creation of 250,000 new shares at £1 each. Mr. J. . McCullouigh has been re-elected workers representative in the Arbitration Court in Wellington (N.Z.). and Mr. E. J. Carer.deputy representative, replacing M?r. W. T. Young, who was so prominent in the recent strike. Caiptain Wallack. lately chief officer of the steamer Levuka, and a son of Licut. Colonel Wallack, military staff command ant for New South Wales, has been ap pointed master of the'. Fiji Government yacht Ranadi. Rabbit trappers in Orange and Dubbo (N.S.W.) totalling 140, have gone on strike owing to their demands not having been acceded to. The secretary of the unioin says that the men are determined to stand firm. and that the strike will affect the whole of the'State. A Brisbane medical man has indicated td the Acting-Premier of Queensland that he has found what he believes to be an abso lute corn for consumption. He has appeal ed for assistance in order to prove its effi cacy. Some assistance will be necessary for tests in hospitals. From a paddock of 70 acres at Dairy Flat, I near Heathcote (Vic.) Mr. W. Watkins ob tained the excellent yield of 1,050 bags of Algerian oats, or 15 bags an acre. The crop, which was cut for threshing, was only 4ft. high, and the gr und was merely manured to the extent of 501b. to the acre. Mr Charles Hatdy, of Mount Albert (N.Z.). has died at the age of 82 years. He lived in England, France, Spain, Australia, and California, before he settled in Auck land (N.Z.) For some 30 years he was en gaged in the bulk timber trade in the Auck land Province. The Public Works Department of New South Wales has taken over the monier pipe works acquired recently for the sum of £50,000, together with all the plant, materihk and staff. By the installation of fresh ma chinery it is expected to double the present output of the works. Alderman O. A.Benjamin,wo died recent ly in Charters Towers (Q.), was a prominent member of local sporting bodies. For many years thedeceasedgentlemanwas con nected with commercial and mining business in the Charters Towers district. He leaves a wife and three daughters. Mr. Timothy Harnett, who for 30 years had been the licensee of the Tankerville Arms Hotel, Nicho'son and Johnston streets, Pitzroy (Melbourne) has passed away after a short illness. The deceased, who was in his 65th year, was" formerly chef at the Russell-st;reet police barracks in Melbouron The Labdur Conference in Sydney is in Sfavour of abolishing the Legislative Council as soon as possible, and a committee has been appointed to report on the best method of doing this. The opinion was expressed that only labour men should be appointed by the Government to that Chamber. The Wanganui (N.Z.) Education Board has arranged for Miss Alexander, head teacher of the central infant school, Wan e?an,?i toi orn S vainoer fnr a mendh at the end of the summer vacation to study the Montessori system of infant instruction, so that it may be introduced into the Wan ganui Board's primary school system. The delegate board of the New South Wales Colliery Employees' Federation met in .Newcastle (N.S.W.), and carried a motion affirming that legislative provision should be made to prevent men from workini more than eight hours of the 24 in a mine and that it be made an offence for anyone to work more than eight hours. The Karkarooc (Vic.) Shire Council is con vening a conference of shire councils to con sider the question of legislation to prevent fallowing in sandy country right up to roads. Drift sand is a constant source of expense in scooping, and it is believed that n, ordinary circumstances a break left on the road side of a paddock would catch most of the drift. The Acting Premier of Queensland, Mr. Barnes, has received a communication from the Premier of New South Wales, inquiring en to the most suitable date for holding the Premiers' Conference. Mr. Barnes replied that he would like the conference to meet early, and, for preference, in April. He also suggested that the conference be held in Brisbane. A consignment of spineless cactus plants was brought from America recently, and taken to the Rochester (Vie.) irrigation dis trict. to be grown as fodder; which it is said to produce. The Victorian Government officers have seized the plants, which were being propagated in tins. The importer de clares'that this type does not revert to the dangerous spine-bearing kind. Mr. W A. Grubb. of George-street North, Sydney, died in the Lewisham Hospital, Sydney. MJr. Grubb, who was a native of Fifeshire. Scotland. came to Australia over 30 years ago. and was from the first con nected with the butchering business. Some 14 years ago he established the business of W. A. Grubb and Co. which developed into the largest retail butchering business in the Mother State. The frequency of accidents on the Hobart. tramway system through the electric wires breaking away and endangering the lives of the drivers and passengers is causing much uneasiness in Hobart. On the official admission of the general manager there were ten such breakages last year. Since then there have been other-. On" the Sandy Bay line there have been far more breakages than anywhere else. Tasmania is passing through an unusually dry sea..on (sacs a Hobart correspondent). The injurious effects of the summer sun have been aggravated by the drying winds. In many districts the grain crops have been much below the average, and imless jrain fals within the next few weeks. the marketable value of the apple crop will be lessened. Fodder is becoming scarce, and Hobart. houeho'ders have been warnl by the corporation to economise as much as possible with the water supply. . Dr. Beattie, the superintendent of the Liverpool (i.S.W.) Asylum, was giving evi dence in the Wafer Police Court, Sydney, the other day. The question mas whether a defendant had gone under a different I name. Dr. Beattie was asked whether the old men ever came in under assumed names. "Yes," he replied, "very often. Some of them have different names every time they come along-and also different re ligions"m Lieutenant-Colonel James Sven Wigram died in Marrickville (Sydney) after a long . illness. The deceased in early life was con • nected with the Education Department. He rose from the post of teacher to that of Government Architect for Piblic Schools. Lieut;Col. Wigram took a keen interest in military affairs from the inception of the volunteer movement. He retired with the rank of lieutent-colonel from the Garrison Artillery, and soine years ago was awarded the long service medal - for meritorious work. Women delegates succeeded in getting the Labour Conference in Sydney to in struct the committee to inquire whether women were eligible for seats in the Legis lative Cohncil. The idea was that such appointees would have pledged themselves previously to vote the Upper House out of existence. afr. P. W. Henry, a student in the Haw kesbury Agricultural College, 'New South Wales, and Mr. Valentine Duff. of the Union Steam Shin Company's Dunedin staff, have been appointed by the Taran aki (N.Z.) Education hoard to the staff of the Technical College. The greater part of Mr. Henry's time will be spent in trave! ling through the district and giving advice to any farmer who wants it. and in conduct ing classes for farmers, and superintending i agricultural instructien in the primary schools. The Fitzroy-(Melbourne) Council has had under consideration a complaint that cer tain house agents had taken advantage of increased valuation to raise the rents of houses as soon as the valuations were made known. To stop this unfair practice, the finance committee recommended that when suelh cases were brought under the valuer's notice he be instructed to make a supplc mentary valuation of the premises in ques tion. At a meeting of the council, the re commendation of the committee was adopt ed. The aggregate railway revenue in Vie toria for the present financial year, wh:ch began on July 1 last, continues to show an increase over that for the same period of last year. In a statement supplied by the Commissioners it was shown to be £3,095. 039, as compared with £2,873,070 in 1913, the increase being £221.969. There has been an increase in. passenger receipts of £30,913; parcels, .£6,878: goods, £154,130; and live stock, £31,811: and the figures for the Brightpn electric tramway stand at £10,739, as against £9,057 last year. There has never previously been such a widespread and keen interest taken in fisth ing in these parts as this se_.on (writes the Trafalger corresnondent of a Melbourne coh temporary). The district rivers and creeks have been visited daily by many scores of people, who have been rewarded with good hauls. Black fish is the variety mostly caught, and some splendid specimens have been landed, the fish generally weighing from half a pound up to 61b. The Tarwis,. Tangil, and Latrobe rivers have been the most frequented. A party of four got 225 good fish at the Tarsin River in one day. A responsible business man in Wellington (N.Z.), who has had banking experience, has been expressing grave doubts as to the bene fits of cheap money. '"I can say unhesitat ingly," he remarked, "after long experience, that the facility fcr obtaining money at low rates is by no means an unmixed blessing. Cheap money has led over and over agam to unhealthy speculation, extravagance, and ruin. The industrial world is often in the healthiest condition when the banker, in his wisdom, not for any extra profit, but to ex ercise a steadying influence, tightens his hand and firms his grasp by putting up the value of what he has to give." An officer of the battle-cruiser New Zea land, writing to a friend in Auckland (N.Z.) mentions a rumour that the war ship may be employed to take the Prince of Wales to Canada in April, instead of joining the first battle-cruiser squadron, as was understood. The same correspondent mentions that so well has the ship borne the 45,000 miles cruise that when she conies to refit at Portsmouth the whole of the de fects in the engineers' department can he repaired in three days. A report from an other source credits the Admiralty with the intention of placing Captain Halsey in charge of the section of the Pacific Squad ron in these waters. A strange case of lunacy came under the notice of the Cairns (Q.) police. A man called at the police station with a bundle of clothes, and said to Sergeant Hawkes, "I want to hand you these clothes. They belong to a man named Wolff. I killed him at Chinaman's Bay, near Double Is land.' I gave him 25 years to live. I have been following him round for the last 19 years. The conditions were, that he was not to eat, sleep, or drink during that time. Yesterday he wanted to sleep and eat. I killed him. I killed his spirit. I ath his body."' Dr. Tyrie examined the man,) and declared his case to be hopeless. The magistrate ordered him to be com mitted to the asylum for the insane. At the wine-tasting at thde Royal Agri cultural Society's CGround, Sydney, Mr. C. C. Tucker placed before the wine-tasters a light Californian wine which, though commented upon favourably, was not considered quite equal to the N.S.W. wines shown. This was I the general opinion, though, of course, it was a severe test to bring into competition an ordinary stock wine with the pick of Australia. Mr. Tucker, as a result of his 1 observations on his recent tour, considers that Australia offers magnificent possibilities to the Italian, French, German, and Swiss peasantry to come.here to settle on the land and engage in viticultural oursuits. "Yet," he says. "I have never heard of any special effort being made to attract this desirable class of immigrant to our shores." A practical outcome of the activities con nected with the Hands Across the Sea Club is the exchange between three teachers front Canada and three front New Zealand (re marks a Wellington, .N.Z... contemporary). The latter left the sister Dominion in the Makura. having come from schools in the South Canterbury Education District. The Canadian teachers arrived recently in the steamer Marama. The two vessels passed in the Pacific Ocean, and thnus was the ideal of "hands'across-the: sea" exemplified. The Canadian teachers are bright roung women, irith a taste for:educatioial adventure, andi they are proud of being identified with the first exchange' effected between any of the oversea Dominions. By arrangement with the club, they will teach under the auspices of the South Canterbury Education Board for a year, when they will return to the place whence they eame-Brandon, Malni tOLs  CHEATING , THE CYCLONE. A SURVIVORS GRAPHIC NARRATIVE. Told at first hand the overwhelming fury of the great Nor'-West cyclone can be more vividly realised. Amongst the many vessels which experienced the full force of the storm and ultimately drifted ashore was the Whim Creek Co.', lighter Steady, which was wreck ed on Depuch Island, but from which all hands were saved. One of her complement Mr. Chas. Turner, of Claisebrook-roade East Perth, has just arrived in the city, and to a representative of the "West Australian" yesterday he gave the following graphic de scription of his experiences: "We started out from Balls Balla," began Mr. Turner, "onthe afternoon of March 19, having aboard seven passengers and a crow of three. There was a light breeze blow inn, and we made a good passage out to the Crown of England, for which ship we were carrying stores. After leaving her side we proceeded to the, anchorage off Depnch Island to await the arrival of the Bullarra, which was due that night. Towards day light a breeze sprang up from the north east, which became stronger at sunrise and increased in' strength as the morning ad. vanced. We noticed three boats coming in towards us. Thesi, turned out to be three luggers belonging to the pearling fleet. They ran inside where we were lying and dropped anchor. After some time, however, they mov ed around to the south-east end of the island near Moore Island, where, as we learned afterwards, they lost one lugger and two men. Two other men (both Japanese) swam to the mainland, a distance of two miles, and arrived at Balla Balls naked four days afterwards. When.the wind increased our skipper thought it advisable to make a move towards Balls Balla. We accordingly be gan to beat in. When we attempted to go about on our first tack the boat missed stays, and while in irons drifted well down towards the rocks. We got away, however, but on making a second attempt we again missed stays and drifted down so close to the Clio (another of the company's lighters which had been trying to unload upon the Concordia,'but had been prevented by the rough weather), that we were obliged to drop anchor once more. The Clio. which was only a stone's.throw from the Steady, and ourselves then settled down to BATTLE OUT THE STORM -such a storm as none of us had ever experi enced or ever will again, I hope. The wind had now risen and we all realised that we were in for a bad time. A heavy sea was running, and to crown everything rain began to fall. The lighter had no hatches, and we therefore had no place in which to shelter. The copper which we carried was loaded on the deck. and there was only a small hatchway down the fore peak which we had to nail up in order to keep the water out. We tried many times to fasten the mainsail over the deck but as often as we did so the force of the wind broke it adrift again. The rain soon drenched us to the skin. Through the storm we could sea the two ships, Concordia and Crown of England, being tossed hither and thither much as we were ourselves. We next discoverey that the Steady was dragging her anchor, so we dropped another, which .held her again. Still the wind increased, and the raging seas continually broke over the vessel's bows, and wet us again and again. There were on board only sufficient provisions for one day, with the result that on the second day we had only one tin of salmon and oge potato each. During the afternoon we had a chance of getting ashore in daylight, for if we had let go the anchors the wind and tide would have taken us in. But the skipper thought he could save the boat, so we held on. With the rain came a thick mist, and it was only at intervals that we could see even the Clio. About 6 o'clock the motor launch heaved in sight, and pre sently anchored almost opposite us. She brought with her Messrs. Hill, Maguiness, and Thomson, who had come out to meet the Bullarra. Leaving them on board the Clio, the launch put off again for Ball Bila. which she reached safely after a stoniy pas sage. Night brought down with it an inky darkness. I do not think one soul on board will ever forget it. All the while the storm was gathering in fury. Very few words were spoken except when a wave wpuld sweep over the deck and nearly swamp us. The cold was intense. There was no galley on the ship, and all we had was a firepot, to light a fire in which was impossible. So we spent the night. Just after daylight the gale appeared to lessen, but the next moment it was blowing harder than ever. We could hear the cables straining against the boat, and feared every moment they would carry away. There was one thing to be thankful for; WE HAD NO CROAKERS ON BOARD. The morning of the third day broke, bring ing with it still more intense gold, ard every gust that came sweeping along seemed strong enough to lirL us out of the sea. About 6 o'clock that morning we noticed that the Crown of England was beginning to drift shorewards. If her anchors failed to hold we knew that nothing short of a miracle could save her. Then someone on board the Steady shouted, 'we are drifting.' It was only too true, for every minute we were leaving the Clio further behind. Oyt went the third anchor, and again we lay to. We had to keep the pumps going in order to prevent the boat from swamping. About midday the Crown of England had drifted above the rocks, and' when the tide went down we knew she must settls down 'pon them. As we rose to a gigantic w e-e we could distinguish her plainly, and when we sank into the trough only the top of her mrstas would be visibht. About this time the liglter Enteroris-., which was anchored about a mile nearer Balks Balls thin we were disappeared round the sonth-east side of the'aland. We anscer tained subsequently that dlie becsme a total wreck, hbut that' all hands, even Ihe sir cheep, reached shore safely. She had a crew of Greaks, ant an Englishman and aii Afghan as la.sengers. ' Of the eight Greeks employed cn the ligbtero only one was drowncd. Night set in again without there being any sign of the storn: abating. If possible the wind was ever. more fierce. It fairly hiow;ed throgh the rigging, and for two or three hours we were so tossed about that we made sure we should all go 'to the bottom. Somewhere about 9 b clock we heard a snap. One of the cables had car ried away. To add to cur troubles we found that the boat was THREE-FARTS FULL OF WATER. We had now been wet, without sleep, and almost without food for 62 hours. Mean wh'lo the boat drifted on-no one knew where, except that it was towards the shore. The question was: Would chance take :s upon some small patch of sr nd or upon the hard cruel rockg upon which we m.tst in evitably have been dashed to pieces? The Savits were now continuously washing over the boat. We kept the lead going, and the first few soundiogs gave sand. The craft was of course drifting stern on, and we all gathered together there prepared to jump for our lives when the crash came. All at once the lead gave rock. Then for the first time I felt my heart sink. But only for a moment. I remembered that some of the ithars could not swim, whereas I could, so I began to thick that after all matters might have been worse for me. We drifted on, passed over the rocky zone, and in a trice grounded on the sand. The en suing wave shot us up ;o within 10 yards of the beu:hr, and the next within a few feet of dry lami. More than one of us' said, 'Thank God.' We were not long in scrambling ashore, .hough the back wash came very close to sweeping us off o:ur feet. Ashore we had another difficulty to face. The flying sand and shell tra velled .vith such speed through the air as to almost bt ry themselves in our flesh. We climbed over the sand ricge with difficulty, and with some wet blankets over us lay down to await the dawn. It seemed' an eternity before daylight appeared. Somewhere about 3 in the morning I heard voices calling out, but could not tell from which direction the sounds came. All through the night we could hear the Crown of England breaking up on the rocks. It reminded one of some big foundry and steam hammers at work upon steel plates. At .daybreak I got up. Around me were small mounds of sand, each mound marking the spot where lay one of my mates still asleep. Climbing to the top of the sand ridge I could see the remains of the boats. Th' Steady was high and dry where we had left her. The Clio was 100 yards out under water, and her sails were torn to ribbons. The Concordia was aground near by, but as the tide rose again she swung round towards the rocks. The Crown of England lay on the rocks A COMPLETE WRECK. Going down to the Steady I saw on the Clio what, appeared to be a piece of sail, but which afterwards turned out to be two men clinging to the rigging. With the help of the crew of the Steady we were able to get the men ashore, and we then started off for the wreck to see if we could be of any use there. We had not gone far before we came across the first body, that of the only Englishman on board, who had a life belt on. A little further on we found an other body, also fully dressed and with a lifebelt. Further on again we picked up what was left of the unfortunae cabin boy. Then ve came to a pile of rocks on which were huddled together the captain and the remainder of his crew. They presented a pitiable sight, and had been very roughly handled by the waves land rocks. They had another body with them on some timber just below where they were sitting. We walked down- to where the ship lay, and the tide being out we obtained a good view of her. Her hull was in three pieces, while other portions of her were scattered about the shore. The bodies were -removed above'high water mark, and we set about-collecting some of the pro visions which had been washed m. Resurmng to camp we had our fikat good meal for four days.We had not known that tinned dog could be so appetising. After a brief speo we renewed the search for bodies, and found those of Messrs. Macguiness and Hill, and the steward and second mate 'of the Crown of England. The last two named had evi dently come ashore on two hatches, which were lying beside them. Mr. Hill, a fine specimen of manhood, had only his boots on. He mnest have put up a game fight. Some Greeks I spoke to told me that Messrs. Mac gwuess, mu, ara itnomoon nsa slung on to the rigging for some time, but that they had then determined to make for the shore. Mr. Hill had shouted 'Good-bye,' and that was the last they had seen of them. A lug ger had now arrived from Balls Balla "n charge of Captain Erickson, of the Concor dia. k After a consultation it was thought advisable to bury most of the bodies on the island. A spot for THE ISLAND GRAVES was selected on the highest part of the sand ridge under a hill of rock, and with shovels taken from the Steady a number of us soon hadan extensive grave dug. The bodies were then carried up the hill, and placed side by side, the two skippers reading the burial service n Norwersan. As the bodies were being placed in the grave I noticed that that of the Englishman seemed almost to clasp hands with that of the Norwegian next to it. The thought flashed through my mind, 'Brothers 'n death.' The grave was then filled in, and a door from one of the ship's cabins was erected to mark the spot. It was an awesome sight to see those poor mangled bodies lying side by side. I shall. never forget the scene, neither I think will any of the others.' It was not until the morning after that the Folice launch came across from Cossack and took us into Balla Balla. I am sure none of us was sorry to get away from Depuch Island and all its ter-ible associations." MR. WRAGGES VIEW. To the Editor. Sir,-Just allow me to ay, in simple jus tice, that if the Central Weather Bureau, Brisbane, had been in existence-the annual vote for which did not exceed £1500 per annum--thres days' warning at least would have ben given of the recent cyclone off the North-West coast of Australia.-Yoars, etc., CLEMENT L. WRAGGE. Chiltern, Victoria, March 29. 