 PUBLISHED DAILY. ECHUCA : SATUBBAY, SEFTIUHIKK 17, 1910. WEATHER PROPHECIES. Jin. Ci.kmen't Wi!.\c;tir. has some of tlio ways of the inimitable showman, though nothing of that kind is ordinarily looked for, from n person wko has occupied the position of astronomer alid meteorologist. He is on p. lengthy lecturing tour, nnel lie manages in one way or another to keep his name well bofone; the public; Doubt less if huwero " still . a Government meteorologist lio would content himself with giving effect to dignified humor in some of his weather reports, such for in stance as one of :those prophecies with1 which the Delphian oracle of old Vas able to please all classes of His devotees and which might be construed into any - par-.: ticular meaning that the devotee de sired. Mr.. AVragge has gone into the .prophesying business, but as ho does it? on a large and generous scale without: fee or remuneration, excopt the adver tising it gives him, lie. is not likely, to be interviewed by representatives'of the lawr in tlie interests of pubile welfare, and ? general. .pencti; Mr. Wragge's weathor J 'forecasts are regarded with .rt certain amount of .respect 1 rom the ordinary .','man-in-tlie-street" because: he gained a. reputation, rightly or wrongly, . somo .years ago, when meteorologist to the Queensland Government, for weather pre dictions. The .most successful of tlieso wero tlio impending changes which might' bo expected within a lew days and tlio coming prevalence of gales and cyclonic,' disturbances;' IIo then gained the sou briquet of "Wet 'Wragge." No doubt sea captains and tlioso whose business it was to go down "011 the deep" were studying weather: and forecasts, and par ticularly indications of- "bad weather," to such an extent that it became some what of a monomania with'tliein, and Mr. Wragge'a . vaticinations .regarding "wot and ?'stormy" affected their minds much more than his other predictions of "line weather," which was probably of more interest to the pleasure seeker on land who failed utterly!.to regard it with the importance that it deserved. . Mr. Wragge has either undergone a chango in liis meteorological proclivities or his prophecies are gaining more noto riety for iheir leanings in the opposite direction to which they wero formerly in clined by reasoii of tlio different class of people who are tlie nioro immediately' affected. Mr. Wragge from being called the "Wet Wragge" is now likely to earn the title of the "Dry Wragge," sinco what lie has. t6 lorecast in regard to the weather appears to bo nothing but fore bodings "of drought* and disaster- to our" inlands instead of cyclones and disaster to shipping. Probably l»s reiterated statements during lecture tours concern ing the-dry conditions which lio-tells us are api>roaching liavo had much to do' with creating the feeling ol unrest which, is reported to exist amongst thu farmers, who, in many instances, are refraining' from buying stock because'of the lear of such a drought. For the last two or threo years wo have had floods, and the' question of cycles of weather ? hits been"* so drilled into the farmer's head by cqn stant assertion refurding it that withW few seasons' good weather lie naturally begins to look , tor bad weatlior. Com munities, liko individuals, are often car lied away by strong impressions, which may be right or which, may be wrong, but of which it is at times impossible to dispossess. As a rule publio opinion knows what is best for itself, and often is swayed by n prophetic instinct , as to tlio proper course to!'take, which in an individual might be regarded as uncanny and tinged with supernatural powers. All experi ence and common sense tell us that to predict meteorological conditions for 0110 or two or tlii'30 years ahoad is an impos sibility, relying upon existing rules, or that our information is either sufficient or reliablo enough to enablo us to say whether predictions may be based upon the sun spot theory, moon cycles, or planetary influenco. Still, the farmers cling to Mr. Wraggo's predictions of dry weather, and they apparently refrain from buying stock. If they were impelled by his predictions to take advantage of i existing good seasons and grow fodder for storage against such dry seasons there I would bo some practical gain from such I predictions, and Mr. Wragge might then [ be looked upon in the light of a public benefactor, however little he sought such a distinction. Tim RIVERS. - Yesterday tho Murray river had-fallen to 21ft. lin., being a drop of two inches since the previous day. Another rise is reported to have taken plnco in tho Goulburn, but this is not likely to materially affect the Murray. The Campaspe is again well within its banks, and unless further heavy rain Tails 119 apprehension of rl flood need bo feared in that;direction. ECJIUCA Snow.-Intending exhibitors at tho Eehuca show, to be held next Wed nesday, nre reminded that entries close 'to-night at 10 o'clock at tho office of the secretary (Mr. D. Sinclair), High-street. It is notified that on show day the business places in the town will close at noon. " EtGni HOURS' SPOUTS Cr.nn.-A meet ing of the Eight Hours' Sports Club was held at tho All Nations dining rooms last evening. There wore present Messrs. J. Chadwick fin the chair), F! Hutt and G. Davoy. (Butchers' Union), H. Ander son (Bajtors' Union), It. O'Brien, W. Findlay, and. H. Gelardie (sawmillers). ?Mr. Chad wick", a* one of the committee' appointed. to organise the meeting. and to secure tho attendance of representa tives of tho different trades, stated that good support had been promised. Mr. Findlay also reported that tho various trades of the town were talcing an inte rest in the club. The election of officers for the ensuing twelve months took place: -President, Mr. J. Chadwick; vice president, Mr. F. Hutt; treasurer, Mr. J. J3eers; secretary, Mr. \V. Findlay; committee, Messrs. 11. Amlei'son (bakers), G. Davey (butchers), It. O'Brien (Eight Hours), G. Douglas (painters), J. Ousley (blacksmiths), J. Cugley and II. Gelardio (woodworkers), W. Anderson (carpenters), and G. Anderson (flour mills). The officers returned thanks for their election. It was decided to open an account at the Commercial Bank. A committee consist ing of tho president, vice-president, and secretary was appointed to issue mem bers' tickets. The president, vice-presi dent, secretary, and Messrs. H. Gelardie and G. Davey were appointed a committee to draw up rules for tho club. FISHING IN THE MURRAY. - Tli^ Mel bourne "Leader" is responsible for the following, which will be of much interest to anglers:--Considerable satisfaction is expressed by anglers at the proposed modification of the regulations governing fishing in tho Murray rivor during close season, which riins from tho 1st October to the 30th November. Tho Fisheries I Board has decided to permit fishing with ; one ]me to which not more than two hooks are attached : during the period mentioned. "This will give the anglers the .best months of the year for fishing. This conclusion lias been frequently i argued by tho Corowa. Anglers' Club, but it- was only, after .recent investigations made i by ..Messrs; Farnell and Stead, of the- Fisheries department, that the re quest' was .thought reasonable. MOAMA BAZAAR.-Hie Roman Catholic Church bazaar at the Moama School of Arts is being continued to-day. The fail will bo; open this afternoon, and tins availing, a sale of fancy work will be held? No ,&lt; charge...willbo. made for admission. Next week tho bazaar 'will- be open on Tuesday, and .will conclndo; on Wednes day. , .THE ? WEATHER.-Rain fell: yesterday at intervals, but it was not heavy, only 28 points boing recorded' at the polico station }ip to 8 o'clock last night. The barometer is rising, showing a tendency to fair wealhori BAND TUSKER. - In our report of (ho ECIIUCH Agricultural Society in yostorday's issuo it was inadvertently stated that the tondor of the Fedotal Band lmd been ac cepted for the supply of music in connection .Willi-.til© sliow."It "should- lmvc been tlio Hangers' Band, who offered to cancel their second night's carnival .and to play -in' front of the Temperance 1-Iall in con nection with tho society's dramatic enter tainment on the night following tlio show. ?The tender was accepted on these con dition#. INF.IIIIIF.TY.-A young man named Charles Abbott was charged by Constable M'Pheo at the Echuca Court of Potty Sessions yestorday morning with having been drunk and disorderly in a public place the previous night. The constable statod ho arrested tho accused in Hare-street, .vhere he found him in a very drunken state. In answer to Mr. -A. J. Mo«re, J.P., who occupied,the.Boncli, tho aecused said ho had "no excuse what ever " to oiler for his ofl'eneo. As tlio young nam was unknown to tho polico, he was dis° charged upon his piomising to pay 2s for tin hire of a-.cab , which . was, .smployad .te. convoy him to the lock-up on (he previous night. SCIENTIFIC LEQTURES.-OnSunday, the Rev. Mi-. Fieliler, 'of Melbourne, will preach in Christ Gliurch at both morning and evening services.. At 3 o'clock on Sunday afternoon-fiie? reverend gentleman will deliver a special illustrated lecture to men on the question whether or not there be a conflict between religion and sciouce. Thejsubjeet sho«ld be eminently interesting to all ? thinkers on the deeper" questions of religion. Gontlumen who desire to attend at Christ Church to hear the lecture will be welcome. Oil Monday Mr. Fielder will , deliver mi illustrated lecture oil. "The natural history of an egg" in the school hall at 8 o'clock in the evening. -'Admission will be n silver' coin. f DENILIQUIN' ELECTION.-Mr. II. J. F. Peters, M;L.A., who has entered upon his election campaign, was to have spoken at Moama last ? evening. Owing to the School of Arts being otherwise engaged, Mr. Peters-had arranged to deliver his address from the'balcony of the Riverina hotel. In consequence of the inelomency of .the weather it was decided to postpone the -meeting until to-night, Mr. Peters Will speak from tho balcony of the hotel at 8 o'clock. NKW .TEI.BPHOSE SUBSCRIBERS.-No. 148, -Captain .F. (). - Wallip, . Watson-street, EeHucii; No. 150, John F. ltyan, Boun dary-road, Eolutca; No. 151, W. Fergu son, Darling-street, Echuca. , Piioi'osKD RAILWAY.-A meeting of the Corop Railway League was held on Tues day last. On the motion of Mr. E. Down, seconded by Mr. C. Miles, Messrs. W. J. M'Carthy and R. Williams were appoin ted to wait on the Minister of Railways on September 20. .The deputation from Corop will be supported by representa tives from Colhinahbin, Carng Carag, Timiuering, and Kynbrani. They will ad vocate a lino from Heathcote north to Corop and terminate at Ky.ibram. This lino will go through tho contre of tho Colbinabbin estate. BuNUAiioiiiiA.-1The subdivisional sale of Bundnburra and Bnreonong, in tho Forbes district, N.S.W., on Saturday, October loth, is causing considerable in terest. As an illustration of tho fertility of the soil on tho subdivision it may bo mentioned, that from a singlo head grain of wheat sown on tho estate last year the extraordinary number of 203 per feetly-shuped wheut-hends grew and ri pened to perfection-truly an example of multiplying: and making many,. The subdivision is being held on exceptionally easy terms, extending over "a period of 10 years, and those who kuow or have inspected the subdivision speak highly of ife qualities. FOOTBALL PROTEST.-The protest lodged by the_ Shepparto'n Football Club against M,mieliisoh being awarded the match played at Tatura on Wednesday, 7th inst., on the ground that Murchisoii played William Gillfim iii contravention to the rules of the association, the said William Gillam having played in the Elmore Dis trict Association after the commencement of matches under the Goulburn Valley District Football Association, was to. have .come before the association, at Tatura last night. At a late hour tile meeting was still in progress, and-no news as to tlio decision arrived at came to hand. SHOW NIGHT ENTERTAINMENT.-A treat is in storo for the public next Wednes day evoning (show night), when a grand varied entertainment will be held at the Temperance Hall in aid of the funds of the Eehuoa Agricultural and Pastoral Society. Tlio first part of the programme will con sist of the sparkling and mirth-provoking comedy "Hook and Eye," which has the reputation of being one of the funniest comedies ovor written. Tho cast of cha racters is as follows:-Joshua Gedling .(formerly sergeant in tJie 23rd regiment), Mi- J. C. Burgess; Harry Selbourne (squire of "Dudley Grange"), Mr. Ivor Evans; Edward Fairleigh (a young artist), Mr. Bert Cowley; Sylvia Sel bourno (Harry's sister), Mrs. Birch. The second part of tho entertainment will take the form of a minstrel entertain ment. Something particularly good is being prepared by the performers in the minstrel troupe, whose programme is as follows: - Opening chorus, "Funiculi Funicnia," Mr. F. C. Mueller and com pany; Song, "Do you ever sit and dream," Mr. J. C. Burgess; song and chorus, "Colleen Bawn," Mr. H. Lewis; song, "Hear dem Bells," Mr. Georgo Douglas; song, "Longing for you," Mr. F. C. Mueller; song, "Dixie," Mr. W. Wright; topical items, Mr. R. Greville; song, "Mill Wheel," Mr. W. Ponsford; song, "Eileen," Mr. B. R. Wilson; i :omic song, "Why I wore tlio ICilts," Mr. Harry Hamilton. On the following night (Thurs day) another first-class entertainment will lie given, including tho comedy "Dream Faces," and a performance by the mins trel company. The cast of characters for the comedy 011 Thursday night is:-Philip, Mr. Will Wright; Robert, Mr. J. C. Burgass; Margaret, Miss Ayton; Lucy, Mrs. Birch; Alice, Miss Ida Chambers. As tho popular price of 2s. and Is. will bo charged for admission each night there should be crowded houses. » ? Rivnn SHIPPING.-The river traffic con iinues brisk. OH Thursday night the steamer Trafalgar arrived from the Dar ling river with 5)00 bains of wool, and the Alert arrived yesterday from the Mur rumbidgee with 800 bales. The Edwards also arrived yesterday, from Barmali, with 50 tons of sawn timber. ANY shape, shade, size, make or pric« in hats can be had from D. A. M'Nally, the hat Itinc.-Advt. APPOINTMENT OF BANDMASTER. - At a meeting of the committee of tho Ararat Town Band on Monday night, nine applications were received for tho position of bandmaster in succession to Mr. M. C. Nuttall (formerly bnndmaster of tho Fcliuca Hangers' Band), who goes to Cobar (N.S.W.). The choice fell on Mr Thomas Young, at present con ductor of tho Denilicjuiil Town Bind. Mr Young is a musician #f marked ability, and has mot with much success in contest work. Mr Young has been granted six weeks' leave of absenco (sayR tho Deniliquin "Indepen dent") to take charge of tho Ararat band for the Ballarat competitions. Tho Doniliquin band entered for tlio contest, but owing to many unforscen difficulties, are unable to take part. READEUS, have you seen Ising's- lovely new goods ? _ If not, call at Ising's, you will be welcome.* BAND RECITAL.-The Federal Band will render a programme of Sacl'ed music in the park to-morrow afternoon, when the Ballarat contest pieces will bo played. A collection will be taken, at the gates. SKATING CAHNIYAI, - On Wednesday night next the Hangars'-Band will hold a fancy dress carnival, and gymkhana in the Orderly-foom. Prizes are being offered for the best fancy dress, best sus tained or original character, advertising display, and best pair, of skaters. .As a special attraction, the committee have .secured.tho services of Kelvos, Australia's champion trick skater, late of Richards'" Opera House.. ICelvos will give an exhi bition of skating, comprising the follow ing difficult and brilliant feats:-Pivot spin, figure eight on 011a toe, wine-glass maize, Maltese cross, trick bicycle riding ou. skates, toe skates, etc. This accom plished skating artist issued a challenge to skato Bendrodt and Irving, of America, lor £50, but which was not accepted. In addition to the above, musical chairs and other, items will be provided. Only com petitors 111 costume will bo allowed 011 the lloor. Admission will be Is. to all parts of the hall, children Gd. GAUDEN FETE.-A successful garden fete was opened in Mr. W. T. Webb's grounds, at Rochester, on Wednesday,' by the Bishop , of Bendigo, in aid oftile funds of Holy Trinity Church, Rochester. There were large' numbers of stalls, on which all sorts of things, ftiom pot plants to kitchen utensils, could be purchased. Motor-car rides in cars kiiidly supplied by Drs. Lease and Littlewood, Sheffield Handicap, and a complete sports pro gramme, gave patrons a good afternoon's amusement. The Rochester Brass Band rendered seleetions. In tile evening a concert was held in the Shire Ilall, which was crowded. Besides vocal and instru mental items, an electric bioscope, showed a number of excellent pictures, including the King's funeral. The proceeds of the fete should considerably augment the funds of the church. . Numerous prizes were donated by ladies interested for various exhibits, such as cakes, etc. GLACE ItiJ welted sole boots, in four distinct shapes, 12s. Gd., at D. A. M'Nally's, High-street. Telephone 136. CHEAP EXCOHSION.-O11 Friday, 7th October, a cheap excursion train will run to Melbourne from Eclmea and stations to Bendigo inclusive. Particulars "may bo learned at tho local railway station. SKATING. - Tho Orderly-room will be open lor skating this evening. HOSPITAL SUPPLIES.-Tho secretary of the Echuea District Hospital (Mr, D. Sinclair) invites tenders for tho supply of meat and groceries to tho institution for tho months of October, November, and December. Tenders close 011 Thurs day ne«jt, tile 22nd inst. Tnii Tailor makes the man. Try Kaighin, for your new spring suit.-Advt. VISITING OCULIST.-Mr. 51. Hamburger, oculist, of Bendigo, announces that he intends to visit Ecliuca monthly, and that | lie may be consulted at Mr. J. J. Cun liingham's pharmacy 011 the 2-lth inst. I WE can. honestly recommend anyone I wanting a now cliester or .waterproof to ! BOO D. A M'Nally's stock. Tho men's clothier.-Advt-. | TUB PEA-RIELE AGAIN.-William ivliddlo ton, a middlo-agod man, was shot through tho foot near tlio great too on Thursday. He was walking on Gnnbower Island, near Cohuna, when a pea-rillo bullet hit him. The shootor is unknown yet. Tho suflbror was convoyed to Cohuna and attended by I Dr. Pa.- - BONNINGTON'S^ 