 OFFICIAL WARNINGS. Without commenting upon the prediction of Mr.Wragge in New Zealand that there wiould be a renewal of cyclonic disturbances in Queenlsland before 1st April, the officials of. the Commonwealth Meteorological B-a reau point out that no prophetic instinct was necessary to render such a general prediction possible.' For years past the publicattions of the bureau had shown by maps and bulletins that the thdrricane sea son for the north-east coast of Queensland extends from January to April, and that the rain and storm periods for practically all parts of the Commonwealth have been ascertained as thce result of many years' experience and the collection of data by thousands of observers. Forecasts in vague general terms were of little value to mari ners and the mercantile community. What the people of North Queensland and. the traders and mariners needed were specific warnings. The burea. used every effort to supl)ly 'these, together witih implicit in structions to shipping. Four days' notice had been given of the Mackay storm, and a waring concerning the cyclone reported in "The Age" of Tuesday had been issued on Friday last 'his latter warning also had been supplemented by detailed instructions on Sunday.  MR. \WRAGGE'S PREDICTION. RENEWAL OF CYCLONE FORETOLD. In Auckland on 3rd ,February Mr. Cle ment Wragge, the well-known Australian meteorologist, predicted that further atmospheric disturbances would occur in the southern tropics, including the north ern portion of New Zealand. "Atmospheric conditions," Mr. Wragge said, "are very perturbed within lower lati tu(des than that of Auckland, cspecially over all North Carpe, the Kermadecs, Tonga, Fiji, New Caledonia, Norfolk Island, and the coasts of. Queensland and New South Wales. A close watch should be kept on barometer. The disastrous storms in Queensland, coupled with the floods, are sufficient indication of the general type of weather, and in various parts of the east ern half of Australia there may, and-pro bably will, be a renewal of such before Ist April, hence every precaution should be taken. As stated in Jinunary, the coast of W? estern .mAustralia, north from Sharlk Bay, may. be affected by winds of the hurricaine type, and the pearling fleets should be on the alert. I am confirmed in the opinion that the southern edges of the tropical dis turblances will pass further south than usual, and their penmbrnae may even ex tend to the Bay of Plenty and Hawke's Bay-, N.Z., under curren t, from between south-east, east, north-east and north, I shifting westerly, blow ing strong, and with a very considerable rainfall, before two mouths have elapsed. These conditions "are 'imainly . due ' to abnormal sorar: in. fluienee."  [?] THE. totals of the Referendum polls are ; .gradually reaching finality. There is no alteration in tlie practical resulti liut the "No" majority increaseis, aiid thd verdict, of the country is riiade' more uhinidtakubly evi- denti The attitude asBumed " -by; — Labor MiniBtera ia indicative ."'.'of a, iniiid. con founded by a sudden collision with the un expected. According to temperament some are angry and irritated, "disnoscd' like Mr. Hughes, to .relieve their feelinga by, indul gence in abuse. Others of more placid de meanor refuse -to believe that they can really; have been; wrong, in their' apprecia tion of the national mandate, and bestow « pitying regard on the temporary abcrra- tion which has overtaken the Community. Thus the Priiiie Minister in hie attempt -to recover from the wireless shock, comforts himself- with the conviction that the coun try ia only, awaiting the opportunity td" re deem its error. "At" the general /election in 1913 the people's will," . gays Mr. Fisher, "must inevitably' triumph ' over all ob stacles." It may be suggested that in the recent vote the people's will has triumphed. If. the same proposals are repeated a year or two henie we. do not doubt that a simi lar answer will be given, with. the differ ence in Consequence that the Labor. Minis- tiy will" no longer be able to -retain its position. The intimation given of an in tention to renew the struggle should serve as a guidance to the Liberal 'party, and enforce the necessity of maintaining and improving the methods of organisation Which secured' the recent victory. Liberal policy " should be presented in a . definite form and made, clearly apparent to the people as synonymous- with progress and prosperity. THE Acting Prime Minister is taking his beating .badly, lie is i|iu:i;u. oiis in complaint and trivial in. explanation. Pirst of all he was inclined to attribute the defeat of Labor desires to universiil brb- ery, an insult so futi-le and .foundation-less as to ; cover its author with .scornful ridi cule. Then he resorted to" imputations of falsehood and misrepresentation, .'forgetful of the fact 'that he was the least. entitled to make insinuations of - this kind. ' Before the outcome could be anticipated Mr. Hughes's harlequin agility as a ' platform 'brator was the occasion' of general jest. Hjs next move was to ' discover "electoral irregularities, and on the slender basis ot a canvassing card or two being left in a polling booth' he built lip a wide-reaching " charge against the honesty'nhd.'impaitiality of those' entrusted with the electoral ar rangements. Mr. Hughes's barrenness of resource under defeat .was further illustra ted in his fretful declaration that as the country -would not allow him to overturn the constitution there should be no more Federal legislation. He has since thought, better of this stupidity, and has acknow ledged a wide scope for Feder'al" activity. Mr. Hughes threatens another referendum, to be taken at the time of the next general election. It is well that the. people should be forewarned of this resolve to pervert its decision. In voting "No" the coumryj r"lfj?gw what it meant, arid meant what it -fdVLt is not likely td alter its determin ation, jvth in a yeiir or so, and if iabor 'rfefudes.tp learn the lesson -which has been given;- the next rebuff may be of a more rffl&lt;«nature. Its majority was obtained Liberal support at the last elec tion." Its abandonment of Liberal policy will 'lead to a withdrawal, . and then the surprises of the next election may be as great as those of the last. TnOSE who have followed the course of the harvesters', strike, and Wit nessed its conclusion, will wonder why it ever was begun. Tlie men haw lost 'three months' wages, the employers have suf fered from the interruption to business, and there is no gain of, any kind to be placed iii the opposite balance. The ad vance. in wages which the men obtain was offered at the very beginning of the struggle, and when tlie demand- for a unionist monopoly was withdrawn, or at least practically surrendered, "there was no reason, except the dislike to the accept ance of defeat, why the men shopld not have returned to work. The obstinacy dis- ' played inay have served as' a magnificent testimony to the fidelity of the men to their interpretation of unionist principles, but it was hot an illustratipri' of their common sense. Now that the strike is over, and the men are going back to their ' "employment, it Will be wise policy to. let "bygones be' bygones. Both side's have agreed, to bury the hatchet. The unionists may have learnt the lesson that considera tion is '"due" to others as well; as to 'them selves; 'and that.' the community is not pre pared to approve the .' dictatorial assump tion that the right to labor is to be con fined to those willing ' to pronounce the unionist t shibboleth. There have been some regrettable actions in connection with the -strike, notably, the tendency to ah, use anil tlie failure on tlie part of labor leaders to denounce with whole-hearted sympathy the incentive given to acts of violence and the occasional committal, of outrages. Unionism,- which represents th« highest deyclbpment of labor, ; cannot af- 'ford Any association -with crime. . . k. USTRALIA'S ncc-ds are; aptly pre- sOL -'seated' in the two words-zpopulation arid peace/' ' We 'require to largely ;11r»Wreajse. the-nuiriher bf-- oiir pcople, in order- that Ave may " redder more "substantial the -fourida . tion on which; the security of the nation must rest. . We want to enlarge the num ber of producere, so that the resources of the. country may receive adequate develop ment. An. energetic .policy- -of iinmigration is essential to the attainment of this end. So also is it desirable that there should be a concentration of energy in extending .the opportunities of productive enterprise. Labor and capital should work together in pursuance of this purpose. Unfortunately, there is exhibited a strong disposition to antagonism, and Labor policy seems to be designed with the intention of stirring up strife instead of giving encouragement to every process of amelioration. Industrial progress cannot he made while the two essential factors in the combination are busily engaged in fighting nach other. The. wages board system in Victoria .assures to labor a fair possibility of reasonable wages, and conditions 'of work. Tlie methods of agitation, which have been adopted, pro mote" industrial unrest, which interferes with development and prevents the expan sion' which otherwise might '-'take, place. "Workers suffer by their possibilities of employment being thus restricted. Mr, Hogg, the retiring president of the cham ber of manufactures, declares that it is the uncertainty of conditions in regard to labor which has crippled the manufactur ers' initiative, arid has. driven out of. the country niueh of the work that ipight have been done therein. B Y a slow and arduous ..process . .the Arbitration Court is formulating the principles on which industrial action, will proceed. In the dispute recently before. Mr. Justice Higgins several important points were raised. Claims were advanced on behalf of tlie Engine Drivers and Fire men's Union, not only for an increase of wages, for the determination of liolidays and the regulation of overtime, but for tlie endorsement of -tlie demand - that, prefer ence should be given to unionists. In the matter of wages the. Court was disposed to accept the proposition that any increase in the cost of liviug must influence the deter mination of a "living wage." and. there fore, where prices advanced a demand might reasonably be made that more should be given. Of course conditions might differ between one place and an other, and what would be fair in one set of circumstances would be insufficient in another. On tlie. question of overtime the feeling of the Court was that the practice should be discouraged, as overwork . meant overstrain, a deterioration' of physique, and, perhaps, a shortening of life. Prefer ence to unionists, however, was the vital issue. On this point Mr. Justice Higgins declared himself loth to do -anything that was not necessary to interfere with the dis cretionary power of the eriiployer in the choice of his men. The whole strength of the minimum wage position was that it enabled the employer to pick his men. Yet he was of opinion that .the quickest road to industrial peace was to facilitate and encourage organisations of representa, tive bodies of employers and employes, and the submission of industrial disputes to, the court by organisations. While it might, not be advisable to make any award which should restrict the .discretion of the em-, ployer unless it was absolutely necessary for the preservation of industrial peace, he indicated clearly enough that if the enir ployers acted unfairly or with prejudice in the rejection of unionists, he would not hesitate to Jxereise his power of declaring preference. STlilATES.. -Tike prophecies, ae apt J to go wofully wring. Mr. Hughes is finding some little comfort . in his afflic tion in rioting the mistakes of his oppon ents. When the 'Federal Land Tax. was being bitterly opposed as arbitrary, unjust arid unnecessary, the objection was also raised that it would prove excessive. Mr. Fisher acknowledged that he was quite in the dark as to what it would produce, bur those who were crying out mo.-t loudly in anticipation did not hesitate to declare that tliis tax would produce over £3,000,001. The official view advancc-d was that about £1,000,000 -would be obtained from this source. Results have shown -that -alarm was an unwise guide; and that the uopre.-- judiced expectation of the department wa- based on surer ground. ' The returns re ceived show that 12,511 land owners' will' be liable to the land tax, which ..applies only to estates ' of not, less than £5000 unimproved value. Three- fourths of the assessments have already been made, and on this basis it may sa'ely he. concluded that t'he tax will return little. . if any, more than a million. From the early outcome it was: assumed that V.'ciorii would feel the burden more heavily than New South Wales, but this is not so. It is now certain that New South Wales will pay the more, a conclusion which appears natural in view of tlie enormous difference -im area. Then, are still misconceptions to lie cleared away in -regard to the work rig of '.the Federal land -tax. Private calcula tions do not always agree with the official declaration, and it is evident that someone lias blundered in the interpretation of the law. The department occupies the advan tageous position of being its own judge until at least an appeal is riiade to legal tribunals. So its ruling has to be accepted. The difficulties of joint ownership have given rise to ii great deal of difference, arid the department has found it necessary to issue an official explanation. . A LTHOUGH the census has been taken, XX we must wait in patience the tabula- ... tipn .of results.- ; Meanwhile, however, the Commonwealth statistician stifles the hun- ger for information, which the .counting of the people mav provide by .issuing his, ;.year, book.. True. the figures supplied are a-year or riiorcokL and do riot possess the exacti tude which we may' look for in' the census records, but they offer a foundation for sound inference arid profitable conclusion.- A general survey, of the. results recorded justifies the ' most sanguine confidence in Australia's possibilities. What has been accomplished is a guarantee for the greater development of .the future, when our states men are w:se enough to realise the supreme' importance of riiultiplying our' population, and Labor abaudctpri, its ignorant' and selfish objection to a policy for the encouragement, of imiriigration. How far the opportunity exists in this direction may be vaguely gathered from the contrast which Australia offers in tbe'magnitude of her area and 'the sm'all . number of her people. Tlie density,' of Australian population is ridiculous'y minute, and, compared with the teeming hordes cf Asia, offers' an indication of national danger in the yritirs to come "if the warning be reg'eefce'd. Our'riches, on whi;h we fondly dwell in, illustration of our enter prise and progress, -may -furnish the induce cent to envious design unjess we take the precaution :0.f bqilding, up 'the. nation on a stable and adequate foundation. It is satis factory -.to know that the area under crop is increasing, and the average yield per acve. as high in the case of wheat as 13 73 bushels, ;s proof of good seasons. But our farmers are far ' from having exhausted potent alities, for in- other countries an ave rage yield iias been obtained of three time's the amount. The Commonwealth. Year Book yields an abundance of interesting food for thought. We may discover therein much matter on which to ponder. - BEFORE the next State election takes place the new rolls will be in opera- tion. The more .exact method, of .compila tion introduced nas made a wond rful change. Tne bouse to ' house canvass adopted by the police, together with the greater- care exercised in filling- up tlie re-, turns, has resulted in' hundreds Of: names being added to the rolls .in- -every district.' Indeed, ..in so far ag the' metropolitan area is concerned, with the single exception of tlie . city, it would be no exaggeration to say. that the additions have been by the thousand. St. Kikla has over 8000 incr. ase,' and the other districts range from 3000 to 6000, save in the case of the Melbourne electorate, where the difference is only 864; Altogether, in the seventeen metropolitan electorates., there has been an increase of £6,000. The country; constituencies, as a rule; are very much smaller than those in' tli'e metropolis, but the additions in many- instances run well into the "thousands., Mornington. for example, has over, .5000, Dairies added, -to its roll, Lowan 3735; Dan- denong 3381, and South Gippsland 3078. There are still some 20 districts to be dealt ri it-li, so that it is not possible to arrive at an accurate conception concerning the to ai addition to the l'ol's. But on tlie b-.sri of increase already" noted there should be at least 150,000 new names recorded. The Government Printer has a heavy task be fore hini in the printing, of 'the .lists, but it is expected that the rolls will, be rcadv in ample lime before the next- appeal to the country. Tt is possible that this will take place in Novetnbpr, as tlie session may be a short ore, arid the convenience of farmers- will be consulted in the avoidance' of liar- vest time. -How the amplification of the rolls will affect results is a problem which the future must determine. WbATHElt prophets are not immune from error,, but trie science of me teorology is based on definite principles, and tlie predictions, when ma'de, on a suffi ciency of data, may he accepted With a reasonable faitli iu their . fulfilment. Mr. Hunt, the Commonwealth - Meteorologist,1 doe.-; not aspire to the mantle of Mr. Cle- . ment Wragge, and foretells the. possibilities with the acknowledgment of his liability to mistake. J.ha variations of depressions are not always to be declared with accuracy. But "Mr. Hunt is courageous enough to form theories of his own . While discarding ... ... nr_ . position, he is inclined to believe that there- may be some association between hurri canes and the break up of a drought. He. lias discovered that, marked cyclonic dis turbances have not infrequently preceded excellent seasons on the North Queensland coast. In 1903 the - break up bf the drought in New South Wales was marked by a .hur ricane in the Pacific in the early part of the season . His explanation is that the. hurricanes may give just the impulse of oscillation to the atmospheric stream which produces the rain. The idea, if there is anything in it, may be of some importance, .since as the hurricanes .occur .in the early part of the year, the interpretation of their siguifieafice meteorologically may give an indication that the subsequent nine months- will be a good season. "Mr. Hunt does some thing to dissipate the dread of droughts, lie does not say tliey will not .come but , b? thick-' we »!arm ourselves foolishly be forehand by the acceptance of unstable theories. Neither cycles nor sun spots are now accounted of service in weather pre diction. In no national meteorological ser vice is any attempt being made to use the cycle theory for the purpose of anticipating the probabilities of tlie criming seasons. HOWEVER unsatisfactory is. the im portation of locomotives which might have been made within the State, it is' ne cessary to remember the predominating condition that consideration /must be giVen to the. general requirements oP/the. commu- nity. The Railway department fe unable to supply the proper facilities of traffic. It Has broken down badly- under the strain of a prosperous season, arid the producing in-' terest-s have been made subject thereby' to; much inconvenience and loss. . A repetition: of this' disaster next year counot "be ;ac-, cepted with resignation, and the Comiriis-. sioners tell us that the' only way out of the- difficulty "is ' to iinport: tlie rolling . stock which cannot be manufactured" here."' Pri vate enterprise ' in locomotive building is extinct. There .was a tiriie when there yvere foundries able to "do this /work, but, they were killed -v when Newport" established a- moriopolyj.and no orders were- procurable to' keep (. the niaqliinCry ,emiployed.' ; " So ' the' Phctriix . Foundry at ' ' Ballarat was dis- ' mantled, and Melbourne firms sought other, avenues of. trade; - Newport is; unequal to. any increase of the demand made upon 'it, - so that withd rit locomotives being obtained elsewhere we might/.be faced with/a replica., of rilie present deplorable failure. It viri on the faith of this -presentation of ' tlie position that authority has -been' given with -the concurrence but against tlie will of /pro tectionists, for the ordering of 40 eftgines , from English firms. -Yet tliere is good reason for the feeling of 'resentment against this departure from protectionist policy. The.Railway. Commissioners' are chiefly to' blaine through their, neglect of prescience iu, their estimate of /future", requirements.. They should have judged more nearly what, their wants - would he, and have made, ade quate provision. It is doubtful, indeed,' vyhetlier,:tlicy yet. realise their full respon sibility in this respect. The community will not . pardon easilj' another . breakdown in protectionist policy. HE. proposals , for tlie re-orgariisation' JL of. the. Working Men's College are of- a drastic nature, The 'committee of in- quiry lias come, to- the .conclusion that-tlie present 'methods of management' imder 'an elective erimniittee' are radically bad, and that . the only way of irriproveinerit is to reform . them altogether. - rThere has been dissension instead of unity among the- coun cil, and tlie staff has been /permitted to- gel out of hand. Adverse cliques' have been' formed, working against ea.cli, .other, and more intent on. their own grievances than , concerned in promoting the interests of the institution. Tlie very great services ren dered by the director are fully recognised; but he has suffered, in the want of support-' given to him by the governing, body, -with: the result that' there has been a want- of. .coherent' organisation:' "Mr. Fink and his colleagues propose that the institution 'shall 1 be taken- over by the .State, /run by the Education- department, and -the name- changed to tlie Melbourne .Technical Col-- lege. It is a serious matter to suggest that an, undertaking which owes its/ incaption to individual generosity shall :be. thus absorbed, but 'the argument may be used that in this maririer 'the 'original purpose o£ Mr.-Ormond- will be more faithfully carried out". Be sides, the .State has /always occupied / tile position of what may . be called, the predo-. m'inaiit' partner." It was the donor of the land on which the institution has been established, and has. sustained the -largest share in the cost of maintenance.. Its right of interference therefore cannot be dis puted . But the strongest . argument - to be advanced is that the change will lead to more effective teaching. Technical instruc tion is a: matter of' so much importance .to, the' eommunity that nothing below the very , best efforts can be approved. SOME ' little disturbance of public opinion has" been created by tlie re- assertion of Roman Catholic dogma in re lation to mixed marriages. There is mis understanding on this question. The Church has asserted its privilege of deter mining its own ecclesiastical position, but it cannot interfere witli the operation of the civil law. It has no vestige of autho rity over any but its own adherents, and in their case only as far as they are pre pared to act in accordance with its de crees. Mixed marriages do take place, in spite of priestly discouragement, and the conditions which the church, impose have no validity beyond the range of personal acceptance. The "Ne Temere" decree, re cently pronounced on Papal : authority does nothing more than assert the official view which the church takeB on this sub- iect. Witli tlie purpose of preserving its 'nfluence over its own people, it requires hat/ where a member of the church mar ries one of , another. . faith, their marriage must be celebrated under, the conditions imposed by the eburch. It cannot enforce tliis requirement in ''any other way' tlian by ecclesiastical penalty. Tlie declaration that. otherwise tlie rimrriage is invalid and the children iilegitiinate is a mere brutum ' fuimen, . having no influence beyond the. sphere of ecclesiastical authority. In the M'Cann case no doubt a grave injustice was done , to the mother , deprived of lier children and if . the husband liad not fled away . to another country he might have been brought under the operation of the civil , law. Outraged Protestant feeling finds satisfaction in . the declaration that Roman Catholic Interpretation , of its own doctrine is an outrageous interference with, civil rights, and an intolerable insult to the marriage institution" according to English and Australian law. Is it considered de sirable, then, that the State shall liaye the power of - interference witbin the ecclesias tical sphere? If so, some Very thorny, diffi culties, not confined to one particular cliurch, may be anticipated. . .  THE DRY SEASON. ABUNDANT RAINS FOLLOW DROUGHT. Mr. Clement Wragge- has prophesied seven years of drought. Mr. H. A. Hunt, Commonwealth? Meterologist, is content with one -year. On Wednesday he was par ticularly emphatic in pointing out that the season following a drought, and partiuu larly a severe drought, has been marked by abundant rains. In support of this view he quoted the drought of 1888, wvhich was followed, by a very wet year. In Victoria, during. 1888, the average rainfall was 19.7 inches. In 1889 it was 32.71 inches. The 1902 average of 18.55 inches preceded 27.45 inches in 1'03. This was just as marked in New South Wales: Mr. Hunt's explanation of this was tihat when the interior of Australia was very dry the solar summer radiation became intense, causing an inflow of moist winds from the tropics. The serious condition of Victorian. crops was chiefly due to the failure of the winter rains in the last two years. Victoria relied on winter rains for subsoil water, and the failure of the spring rains had. left nothing in reserve. Vic toria, Mr. Hunt stated, had three distinct sources of rain-(1) southern storms, which also benefited South Australia and south ern Western Australia,. though their pre dominance. made Queensland and New South Wales suffer from lack of rain; (2) tropical depressions, whose predomi nance, as was ithe case this year benefited Queensland and north-eastern New South Wales, to the detriment of southern areas; (3) anti-cyclonic conditions, which benefited solely the eastern littoral of Australia. This season the southern storms have failed. 