 FROIVI VARIOUS SOURCES Running a country newspaDer is not ill sunshine. A rural editor gives the following hlnt:-"The fellow who can play billiards, smoke cigars, have six penny drinks, shout for others, trip it to Sydney, go to the races, etc., saould not overlook the fact that he owes us a couple or quid." "D'yer see that there old cove com n' outer Jones' Dub?" remarked tha .rvay-back leg-puller to a new arrival. 'Well. 'e's the champoun boozsr or ,his locality. lIe's been drunk fur a luarter or a century, an' if 'e won ter wsake up some mornln' an' find 'Imself sober I do believe the shock would kill 'lm Twelve months ago 'e wos bitten by a tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too." 'Did the man die?" the new chum wIked. "No," replied the bushman, 'but the snake got blind paralytic Irunk." Beauty is only skin deep, but curves is curves. "The Secret of Smart Dress," runs a headline in a contemDorary. Some of the costumes we have seen recently had nothing secret about them at all. "Johanna" toells this one in the "Bul letin"-An exalted military gentleman in Mlelbourne found himself beset by mn untidy young woman of about 25 in a suburban street the other morn ing. "You're---, ain't you? Well, 3i11 can't .o to the war." "My good womaon, I-" "I tell yeh straight Bill can't go to the war, an' 'e won't, so there. Bill's engaged t' me; then he goes and enlists t' light the Gor mans. Well, he won't go. see. Ho's said he'll marry me, 'n' he ain't goin' t' get off so easy. I give you my word." Can't you picture Bill in a snow-flled trench, with a bullet In his neck, getting olf easy? All men are born free and equal, but the majority of them marry later on. Of troubles connubial, jars and di vorce. This, we believe, is. the, fruitfullest source;. A.man falls In.love wlth a dimple, or curl, Then foolishly marrieathe entire girL There was a man in our town And he was wondrous small Re-boughta big barometer And put It in the hall. And when the mercury went down Because of wind and rain, Ele climbed on the umbrella stand And shoved. it up again. If everybody on earth spoke the truth and nothing but the- truth for twenty-four hours, we should find our selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution the world has ever known. Last week (writes "Gossip," of the "Stock and Station Journal") I had two schoolboys staying with.me, who were on their way from Bedale's School, In PetersflIeld, Hants. to Scot land. I took them to.all the things we had time for, including the "White City," and the play of "Grumpy," at the New Theatre. They had the time of their lives. We visited the Tower of London, and they saw the "Traftor's ,Gate," the site of the scaffold where people used to be shortened, the idle soldiers, the-ancient "Beefeaters," and all the armor and the guns and swords and. crossbows, and weapons, of mur der. They were-greatly interested, and when we came out' I said, "Now, boys, what interested you most about the Tower? What is the strongest Im pression that .you bring away from the old place?" The bigger. and older of the two (nearly-15) sald:--"Well, my strongest impression, after seeing all the armor:andrthe weapons of war is that the people of those times were feools." Before-I had time to express my-views, the younger one said. "WellI we're bigger fools now." "Amen," said:I to that, and.then we talked! "Northerner" writes:- Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects-of- the rain which promises that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. WVhy It should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past A happy monsoon struck the north nlast week, and it was to the.extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing. to talk about In those climes where duringthe monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers Itself In the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean antf cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers atThursday Island and DarwIn have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means-a plactd summer, and when they have a placId one we have a wet one. We cau do with IL 