 FROM VARIOUS SOURoES Running a country'newspaper is not all sunshine. A rural editor gives the following hint:-"The fellow . who can play billiards, smoke cigars, have six penny drinks, shout !or others, trip it to Sydney, go to the races, etc., should not overlook the fact that he owes us a couple of quid." "D'yer see that there old cove corn in' outer Jones' Dub?" remarked the way-back leg-puller to a new arrival, "Well, 'e's the champeun boozer ov this locality. He's been drunk fur a quarter ov a century, an' if 'e wos ter wake up some mornin' an' find 'imself sober I do believe the shock would kill 'imr Twelve months ago 'e wos bitten by a tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too." "Did the man die?" the new chum asked. "No," replied the bushman, "but the snake got blind paralytic drunk." Beauty is only skin deep, but curves is curves. ."The Secret of Smart Dress," runs a headline in a contemporary. Some of the costumes we have seen recently had nothing secret about them at all. "Johanna" tells this one in the "Bul letin"-An exalted military gentleman in Melbourne found himself beset by an untidy young woman of about 25 in a suburban street the other morn ing. "Yon're-, ain't you? Well, Bill can't go to the war." "My good woman, I- " "I tell yeh straight. Bill can't go to 'the war, an' 'e won't, so there. Bill's engaged t' me; then he goes and enlists t' fight the Ger mans. Well, he won't go, see. He's said he'll marry me, 'n' he ain't goin' t' get off so easy. I give you my word." Can't' you picture Bill in a snow-filled trench, with a bullet in his neck, getting off easy? All men are born free and equal, I but the majority of them marry later on. Of troubles connubial, Jars and di vorce, This, we believe, is the fruitfullest source; A man falls in love with a dimple or curl, Then foolishly marries the entire girl. There was a man in our town And he was wondrous small. He bought a big barometer And put it in the hall. And when the mercury went down Because of wind and rain, ile climbed on the umbrella stand And shoved it up again. If everybody on earth spoke the truth and nothing but the truth for twenty-four hours, we should find our selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution the world has ever known. Last week (writes "Gossip," of the "Stock and Station Journal") I had two schoolboys staying with me, who were on their way from Bedale's School, in Petersfield Hants, to Scot land. I took them to all the things we had time for, ificluding the "White City," and the play of "Grumpy," at the New Theatre. They had the time of their lives. We visited the Tower of London, and they saw the "Traitor's Gate," the site of the scaffold where people used to be shortened, the idle soldiers, the ancient "Beefeaters," and all the armor and the guns and swords and crossbows, and weapons, of mur der. They were greatly interested, and when we came out I said, "Now, boys, what interested you most about the Tower? What is the strongest im pression that you bring away from the old place?" The bigger and older ef the two (nearly 15) said:-"Well, my strongest impression, after seeing all the armor and the weapons of war is that the people of those times were fools." Before I bad time to express my views, the younger one said. "Well, we're bigger fools now." "Amen," said I-to that, and then we talked! "Northerner" writes:-Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of.the rain which promises that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it.  The Weather. MR. WRAGGE AND THE SUN SPOTS. In these days when those once honored prophets of the weather- the corns aid gouty limbs ot our elders-have given place to scientific forecast, the farming community hangs with bated breath upon the utterance of the experts. The Auckland (N.Z.) 'Star' in- terviewed Mr. Clement Wragge, F.R.G.S.-the one-time Queensland Government meteorologist, and the foreteller of the disastrous Aus- tralian droughts-at his home at Birkenhead the other day. Mr. Wragge willingly acquiesced when asked if he could venture a forecast. The celebrated weather Prophet lives in intimate communion with thle weathler portents. An odd- looking barometer was at his elbow in his queer, workshop-like study; shelves of meteoro!ogical tomes lined the room. Outside was a box like structure which, to the uninitilated, might have been a meat safe or a bird cage. It was, in fact, a mini- ture observatory, in which clock work and electrical instrunents re- gistered thle vagaries of the atmo- sphere, or turned turtle, by an alarm arrangement, to tell the state of the temperature at a given time o' night. The Elusivc Sunspot. Thie meteorologist fetched a huge telescope, formidable as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting rays of the sun, and allowed a bright half-crown of light from the lens- the photograph of the sun-to play on a white blotting pad. "No sunspots and no rain just yet," -was the ruefull verdict "I've been expecting one just lately. It should appear shortly on the edge of the sun, and when it works to the centre conditions will be favorble to rain." The prophet next gave the bar- ometer a :professional rap, jotted down a figure, and dubiously said "Umph." Producing a chart of the Australasian regions, he went outside to test the direction of the wind and to find the lay of the low at- -mospheric pressure region and then commernces to rapidly draw wavy "isobars" on the chart. Looking Ahead. Mr. Wragge has computed fore- casts for the seasons of Australia up till, 1930, and these he says, are applicable to New Zealand, with slight modifications owing to the physical and goegraphical reasons. During 1914 and part of 1915, he says, the rainfall, taking Austral- asia as a whole will be under the average. This by no means implies that there will be no rain. On the contrary, good intervening rains will occur, and the last part of this period will be better than the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards the rainfall will markedly increase, and froim 1916 to 19220, inclusive, the seasons will be distinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to steadily fall off, and the worst part of the next great "under ave- age" period will be 1923 and 1924. Australians will be justified in call- ing that a drought. In 1925 mat- ters will begin to improve, and good seasons will prevail from 1926 to 1930. These forecasts, explained Mr. Wragge, are mainly based on the physical conditions of the sun wiith respect of its maxima and minima moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we are nearing the end of the solar minimum-or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we on earth have no conception, were least violent. The maximum period would com- mence at the end ol 1915, and until then, although he did not expect the seasons to be so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must not be anticipated. Intervening rains in New Zealand should give a heavier fall than in Australia. In the droughts he predicted, New Zealand would not suffer to the same extent as Australia, owing to its climate being insular, whereas that of the latter was continental. 