 Now every little city- clerk Delights to wear from dawn till dark The ribbon of some decent club (the little cub), For which he is not a member. Now that the totalisator commission is threading its way through the various States of the Commonwealth, it is safe to predict that the machine wiil be given a fair trial in New South 'Wlales. The principal factor in favour of the totalisator is that the whole concern is in the hands of the clu'bs and invest ors, who are not investing their money on a blind market, as it were. The public make the favourite, not the book makers. Nowadays the leather-lunged fraternityf always select their own favourites. According to an exchange the noted jockey, W. H. Smith, is very wealthy and owner of a terrace of houses jn Auburn, Sydney. Smith started his successful career in Ne»w South Wales when Nerboolas made his deb-ut on the Southern racecourses. Apropos of W. H. Smith, when poor Tommy Clayton, rtider of Posiedon, was injured fatally his last words were "I want to tell you one thing, and that is 'give my motor car to 'Billy' Smith." W. II. still runs round Auburn in the beautiful car. J. E. Brewer, the erstwhile crack jockey, who recently returned from England, states that in twelve months the Wootton family will leave Great Britain for Australia a :d settle on the land. Ivo,r Xjawson, who came all the way frpm America to compete in the six days* cycle event n Sydney, failed to hand the big prize at the critical moment. , L'awson has a unique record in, America, and 'his admirers were very much .disappointed at his failure in Sydney. The McVea-Johnson contest appears to be on aw uneven balance. First Johnson would fight in New South Wales, then Paris. The chances are Johnson will not fight at all. However, if even the pair do meet Sam McVe>a will not dis grace himself, Hartford imay ye$ hSave a sav tin the settlement of affairs in respect to the world's championship. When in Brisbane McVea said, "It's a matter of great difficulty to Inock Ijamgford out, and I am sure our fight on Boxing Bay will go twenty rounds ! " And McVea was right too. From American files it is gleaned thai the Australian yacht Pandora recently left Boston for G-ibraltar, en route to Australia. It will be remembered that the PattdOi^a left Perth (W, A. )some two years ago on a cruise round the world. / All going well the Brisbane contingent of sailing men will leave for Sydney next week with the dingies Com monwealth, Waratah, and the eighteen-footer Pastime. As regards the Commonwealth the tfn-footer is a Inmost certain to catch a race or two, and in the event of a blow Wara tah and Pastime may succeed. Arthur Ptastle, who is to mteet" "Donaldson for the world'4 sprint championship, is in great form, and judging! by his recent trials a Victorian exchange state# that Donaldson will require ;:to be at his very tjest to, defeat the .Queens lander. . . . . . -1. . Writing from the Parranmtta the old tUne ' ctiatrLpion Peter Kemp, of sculling fame, states that he is in the boat 'building line, and...would be pleased to construct ja. few boats for the. Brisbane rowing .clubs. Peter Kemp is alboat builtier- ,by trade, s« he oueht to know the ropes. It was .quite amusing- to -hear the weather prophets (.and. they iare many) predicting a cyclone last week, giving .the shipping the hint for nothing. When the Yong'ala went down there wasn't a word abQ t»t that cyclone, except one given by Wragge-the only Wragge. During .the first week in February, Burt's windo w will exhibit the autumn and winter material? »>r ladies. >. ? i ! ? ! . i GH ARl/rON-AGNEW.-A very interesting wedding tool* place at Dunwich last Wednesday, when Miss, Philip pa* Apr new was married to Mr. Raymond Charlton. The bride walked from her home to the church on her fathe *s arm. He later cn gave her away. She wore a graceful gown o$ ivory pailette, the trained*,.skirt draped with beau tiful Limerick lace, raght with sprays of orange blossom. The bodice! was made with yoke of spotted net studded with pearls and finish, d with sprays of orange blossom She wore a wreath of orange blossom, from which fell her veil. This wias lent, by a cousin of her father's, Mrs. Brown. The bridegroom's cousin, Mr. Lewis Day, was best man. *. The bride's brother, Mr. Garnet Agnaw, was groomsman. There were two bridesmaids, Miss Frances 'Charlton, sister of the bridegroom, and little Miss Viola Yaldwyn, the bride's 'niece. . Miss Charlton ware a charming frock of white musl'n with a sipot, trimmed with Embroidery Anglaise, and finished1 with a girdle of pale blue silk. Hep' white tagel hat was trimmed with ] ate blue silk and posies . of flowers. TUie ilittle maid wai , a1 so .in hailstone muslin, threaded' withf \pale ,'to'lue^ and &lt;a Juliet cap of 'd!uU -gold with a cluster of English daisies. Both maids carried posies of water lilies and roses antl wore £old'ban|gles, the bridegroom's gift. To his bride he gave an e^qqruis'ite neck lct of tourmalines and diamonds. The bride gave her * hus . and a pocket book. Archdeacon Le Fanti, assisted by the Rev. R; Hi. Green, performed the ceremony. The tiny church was decorated with Stradbroke ferns. Mrs* Le Fanu played the wedding inairch and hymn. Very great in terest. was centred in the wedding by the inmates of the institution, and the return of the bridal party was eagerly watched for by them. Tho stea'mer Otter, lent by the Htfme Secretary, to convey the -guests to Stradbroke, was hung from stem to stern with bunting, and he also arranged for the erection of the marquee on the lawn, where the wed ding blneaVfast took place. Later in the day the couple left b&lt;vl motor &lt;boait; for Cleveland, wherei they irotored to Brisbane, and caught the train for Maryborough, en route to Pialba Mrs. Charlton travelled in a coat and skirt of grey striped taffeta with, cuffs, and collar of black satin piped with vierjx rose, and flat hat. of &lt;?rey satin trimmed with FrencT\obsies» Messrs. Finney, Isles and Co. were responsible for' the bridal gown., travelling costume^ trousseau, and ^gown worn bjr the mother of the bride. The London-American Florists supplied the bouquets* 