 WESTERN AUSTRALIA. PERTH, April fl. ïn connexion with the loss of the Koom- bana. Mr. Clement Wraggc has written to a Perth paper to the effect that if a Cen- tral Weather Bureau in Brisbane had been in existence, three days' warning at least vyould bave_ been given of the recent cyclone, which caused the disaster.  A STORMY NIGHT SHIPPING DISASTERS. ANOTHER SHIP AGROUND Port Victoria, March 13. Last night was the roughest night ex- perienced here for years. A strong south-west gale was blowing all night, and ships had a very anxious &nbsp; time. The schooner Black Albatross dis- appeared a few minutes after the crew &nbsp; were rescued last night. Only the mast and bowsprit are visible. A ship's boat from the General de Sonis has just come ashore. The second mate reports that the ship dragged her anchors last night during the gale, and touched bottom at 8 o'clock. She is now fast on a sandy bottom, but making no water. She is within 700 yards of Port Victoria jetty. A tug will be required to refloat her, and she may have to lighten part of her cargo. She has 35,920 bags of wheat aboard, shipped by Messrs. Dreyfus and Co., for the Channel. She completed loading last Saturday. She is a ship drawing 21 ft. aft, and she is lying in 19 ft. 6 in. of water, with a good tide, on an even keel, and upright. The captain is in Adelaide. &nbsp; WRECKAGE WASHED ASHORE. POSITION OF VESSEL UNCHANGED. Port Victoria March 13 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; A considerable quantity of 'wreckage from the schooner Black Albatross was &nbsp; washed up on the beach to-day. The masts and the deck carried away, and the re &nbsp; &nbsp; maining portion of the hull is totally submerged. &nbsp; &nbsp; There is every probability of having to &nbsp; lighter a large quantity of the cargo &nbsp; from General De Sonis before it will be &nbsp; possible to refloat her. The vessel is in &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; the same position. There is 17ft. of water &nbsp; forward and the vessel has a list to port. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; The Jean Bart's position is unaltered. The &nbsp; &nbsp; Mcintyre, Capella, John Lewis, Yatala and Lucknow. weathered the storm success fully &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; SHIP MAY BE REFLOATED On 'Thursday morning, the president of &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; The Marine Board (Mr. A.Searcy) was advised by the, harbormaster at Port &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Victoria that the General de Sonis had &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; dragged her anchor during Wednesday night, and was aground in 19 ft. of'water. The vessel is a French barque, of, 1,913 &nbsp; tons net register, and is fully laden with &nbsp; wheat. Her master. Captain de Flaud came to Port Adelaide from Port Victoria on Wednesday evening, in compány with Captain le Flock, of the Jean Bart, the &nbsp; other French barque which has met with misfortune at Port Victoria. As soon as Captain Flaud had transacted necessary &nbsp; business with his agents in Adelaide he &nbsp; left the city by motor car for his vessel, which it was understood,was on the bot- tom astern. The spot at which she was touching was of a sandy character. A mes- &nbsp; sage from the ship agent at Port Victoria stated that the vessel was making no water. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Messrs. L. Dreyfus & Co, of Wàymouth street, stated on Thursday morning that &nbsp; they had received advice concerning the grounding of the General de Sonis. They were informed that the vessel was lying on a sandy bottom, and was in no danger. It was expected that lightering operations would soon enable the ship to be refloated BARQUE DRAGS ITS ANCHORS The agents for the barque William Mit- &nbsp; chell (Messrs. Dreyfus & Co.) received in- formation on Thursday morning, that dur ing Wednesday night's storm in the gulf the vessel dragged her anchors while Iying &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; near the Wallaroo jetty. No damage was . done, but some delay will be caused in connection with the loading operations THE BLACK ALBATROSS &nbsp; Confirmatory news relative to the wreck &nbsp; of the Black Albatross has been received &nbsp; &nbsp; by the Marine Board. The Harbormaster &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; at Port Victoria telegraphed &nbsp; &nbsp; on Thursday that this vessel was wrecked close to the beacon and had broken up, All hands were saved, said the message.. &nbsp; There are two vessels named the Albatross &nbsp; &nbsp; trading in and out of Port Adelaide. One is painted white and the other black. The latter, is the one that is wrecked. She is known as the Black Albatross. Her owners are, Messrs R Fricker and D.Deex, Port Adelaide. The vessel which is about 80 tons net &nbsp; &nbsp; register, is partly insured in the &nbsp; &nbsp; South British Insurance Company. When she was aground she was on a voyage from. Port Adelaide to PortVictoria with a cargo of 100 tons of superphosphate She left Port Adelaide on March 6, in charge of Captain C. Anderson, who had &nbsp; three seamen with him. It is understood that the vessel,which was valued as £1,ooo, is a total wreck. She was built in New Zealand. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; DAMAGE AT GLENELG. VALUABLE YACHTS WRECKED. The storm did considerable damage at SIenclg, where one of the highest tides .ver known there was registered. - During the night two boats, which were moored on the south side of the jetty; broke from their moorings and were car ned. through the jetty and smashed against the 'piles of the baths. Messrs. Jenkinson ¿D3 Tomlmson's valuable 18-ffc. boat, the Bpbby, was broken completely in halves, and the Kiandra, which 'belongs to Mr, K. G Smith (eecrctary of -the' Glene'g Sailing Club) was smashed to pieces. The Bobby was worth about £80 and the Kiandra not less than £50. Both are damaged beyond repair. The .Perseverance, the Koo Aoo, and several dinghys went ashore, but were not damaged. Some 20 ft. of the shop veran- dah adjoining the Jetty Hotel was blown down, and several fences were levelled by the force of the wind. A WARNING TO SHIPPING 'HIGH OPERA" ROUND THE COASTS WHEN "DIMON" COMES ALONG. &nbsp; Mr Clement L. Wragge has further ter- rors in store for the people of South Aus- tralia when his fearsome storm "Pluto" has passed quite away. Late last night he issued the following picturesque forecast of the weather for the next week or so: "The energetic disturbance 'Pluto' will now affect the entire region between Syd ney, Gabo Island, Tasmania, and New Zea- land, and Adelaide will have finer weather under the gradual approach of relatively higher pressure. Yet 'Agamemnon' is looming up over oceanic areas south-west from the Leeuwin, and will surely affect this fair State later on, as already advised. An ugly-looking monsoonal depression, named 'Dimon' is hanging off the north- west coast north from Shark Bay, and we would. earnestly caution shipping in that locality to be on the alert. He will pro bably affect also the Northern Territory &nbsp; with rain and generally enervating con &nbsp; ditions, and may later send a tongue or &nbsp; extension into central Australia. If Agamemnon' and 'Dimon' ultimately &nbsp; coaleace, as seems,not improbable, electric &nbsp; disturbance is sure to result. In fact ere a fortnight has elapsed we expect that high opera will be. in progress around the sides and segments of the anti-cyclonic and &nbsp; cyclonic systems. Some people imagine that meteorology is a study dry as dust. &nbsp; It is nothing of the sort, it is all music from bass to treble, as the winds sweep in &nbsp; rhythm round the .contouring and gra- &nbsp; dients of the isobars. More anon." , WEATHER OFFICE REPORTS. ' The Weather Office reported at noon, on Thursday:-"The Antarctic disturbance winch was noted on yesterday's weather chart covering tbe whole of South Aus- tralia and centred to the south of Kan- garoo Island, has, during the past 24 hours, considerably increased in energy. Strong north-westerly winds were experi- enced at first, but as the depression moved to the eastward the winds veered to very strong and squally south-westerlies, and &nbsp; showery ' weather- set in over, the settled areas. This morning's bulletin shows &nbsp; that the falls were chiefly light in the upper north, but over the lower north, and southern districts the amounts were heavier. A number of stations regis- tered more than half an inch, while over the eastern side of the Mount Lofty &nbsp; Ranges several places gauged over an inch. The highest fall was 133 points at &nbsp; Mount .Barker. The disturbance is now centred to the east of Tasmania, and barometers in this State were rapidly rising under the influence of an approaching high-pressure, system. - Fresh and squally south-westerly s winds 'and some passing showers may be expected at- first, chiefly in the south and south-east, but weather condition's will quickly moderate and be come fine, generally." ' &lt; &nbsp; J'Tbe »"p^ji, report.etated:f-"Althougb at ripmee.-to-day. the^ndftidns wet*e Üihrea tèn^ .(ing^no rain fell," and except .at a few places ¡iç^the storth, rwhçrervery light rain fell, similar/weather -was,experienced through ? oat the- State! TThe cool winds blowing" from the southern quarter kept the tem- peratures, low,J._he ' Adelaide maximum. .readingjWas-68.2. degrees and the,minimum ~~AJS$ "degrees. "The Antarctic"' disturbancer situated south of thi«'State on yesterday's map, as'shown centred over the-southern side"-of Tasmania on th» morning's' chart, 'its energy having greatly increased, bring- ing' very unsettled weather to those paris and also influencing -the -conditions'.in this State.' To the iwestward, hovrever, a high pressure'system,is shown, which during the ' day'has advanced towards'this State, our barometers rising under its influence. 'With these conditions further clearing showers are likely, chiefly-in'the south and south , east. Otherwise the weather -will be fine."  ANCHISES AND HIS SON.I MR. WRAGGE PROMISES RAIN. ! Writing from Morgan on Sunday 'even- ing, Mt. Clement L. W-rasge bays: "Briefly surveying meteorological aftairs to-night, we find that disturbance Tro- jan' (finît warned on April 28), having fiddled properly off the coasts of ttie eastern Sta.es, and played havoc with the steamers St. Albans and Burwah, is still carousing over the Tasman Sea. and very seriously threatening New Zea- land. Lord Howe Island will long re- member him. In fact the Dominion, as we write, will be under the influence ot his' sinister umbra. It is as if old Troy were making a big stand against» the, le- gions of the crafty Greek; aud old Father Anchases, still awaiting bis opportunity off the Leeuwin, means to have a good finger in the pie. He will be followed by the dougbty ißneas which, basing oar calculations on rhytlimie and har- monic law, should now be running the easting down in the neighborhood at Kerguelen Island. But ¡people are more immediately concerned with Anchise*. Weil, he is coming-make no mistake about it-and fudging from the contour- ing of the anti-cyclonic or high pres- sure isobars, he looks more prorndsmg with respect to rain than when we first gave notice of ^bis existence five days ago. Captain*; bound west wiD. have to face the music to a dead certainty, and will encounter heavy northeriieR to westerlies, especially in higher latitudes, and thereafter the winds will shift to south-Tvest and south and blow, great guns, particulariv south from the for- tieth parallel. Now mark-and we very urgently advise the eastern States-the conditions just intimated wiD especially affect Melbourne and Southern Victoria, the whole of Tasmania, Sydney, and the entire coast of New South Wales. Brisbane will get heavy westerlies. Not only so, but a renewal of heavy weather is as sure as God made apples over the Tasman Sea and New Zealand, and all tins before May expires. It only re- mains for the present wall of / high pressure to gire way-as yield it must and then look out for squalls and the prowess of Anchises. More rain will probaibry fall in South Australia than was at first expected, and 'the eastern States.wiH have enough of it ere the time limit expires. Lunar tides impell- ing Ancniises wiH be a prominent fac- tor, yet all this notwithstanding the pre- sent year should show an under average rainfall, especially in inland parts, in accordance with our published seasonal forecasts, but' not ao bad as 1912. The public will please remember that these advices are based on our own isolated observations and travelling instruments, comlbmed with long experience in meteo- rological diagnosis, and on a survey ot the -daily weather chart« which have* fre- quently an 'erroneous contouring and winch have_ to be corrected. Had we the data and mptruments possessed by" the present Weather Bureau, ninety-nine out of every hundred daily forecasts would be correct, and at lesss than half the pre- sent official cast. Such is a fact."  MR. WRAGGE'S FORECASTS. To the Editor. Sir-Kindly grant me space to reply to an article that appeared in "The Adver- tiser" of May 23, under the heading of" "Weather Forecasts-Experts Differ." In that article Mr. Hunt-tbe Federal Go- vernment Meteorologist-is credited with saying that Mr. Wr.igge'a recent forecast of the storm that caused so much damage toNew South Wales, Victoria, and coastal shipping, gave an erroni ous origin, and was j unscientific and misleading, anil t'iat such ' irresponsible forecasts should not be taken j seriously. Now what does this imply? i Does Mr. Hunt wish the public lo believe that Mr. Wraggc is a novice, and does no'; thoroughly understand the subject he is 'dealing with' That Mr. Wragge. after 45 | years' study of solar physics andastionoTii cal research, cannot b» taken «eriouslv when he makes a forecast? In "The Ad- , vertiser" of May 13 we have Mr. Wrasge's i I forecast under the heading of "Ancnises and Hi« Son.'' Here are a few sentences of i I Mr, Wragge's own words:-"But .people j aie more immediately concerned with Au ehi=es. Well, lie is coming-make no mis- | -take about it-and judging from the .con- touring of the anti-cyclône or high-pressure '&lt; isobars, he looks more promising with rw- j epect to rain than when 'we first pa''c notice of his existence five days ago. Cap- j tams bound west will bave to fare the J music to a dead eertamty, -and will encoun- ter heavy northerlics to westerlies, espe- cially in higher latitudes, and thereafter ' the winds will shift to south-west anti f-outh,' and blow great guns, particularly south, from the fortieth'parallel. Now niark-nnd we very urgently advise the ! eastern States-the conditions just inti- I mared, will specially affect Melbourne, all southern Victoria, the whole of Tasmania, j Sydney, and the entire coast of New South Wales. Brisbane will get heavy wc«tcr"ies. I Not only so, b"t a renewal of henry wei- ther over the Tasman Sea and New Zea- land is as sure as God made apple«, and all this before May expirfs." A week later ^the pnss gave us a f.ill account of the dumfge done bv floods in the Maitland district. and_ the general effect of the storm in New" South Wales.' Victoria, and lo .eruppinj along the const and over the Tv«man Se«.. ' \\ hat- more i&lt;- required ' Mr. Wrajge was first in the field with tine wargin» to «Hp- ; Íiing, and other« interested, and all the amen Kations of Mr. Hunt cannot, depriv e him of the honor. Apparently Mr. Wragje's j recent for»>ca«ts and casual mention of the ' occasional erroneous eoritonrind; of the iso ! ba.ru OB the is eather v;hart hive had aa ai'nosing and dsprejuring effect on Mr. j Hunfs atmosphere. As to Mr. Wragje's j oth-r rpcent forerast», Adelaide folk can. 1 supply proof of their accuracy; for in- stanT«, "Pluto." aleo "Agamemnon" and i "Dimon." predicted to arrive about Easter Mondav last. For proaf of that in South ' Austral'*, n>k the folk that went t« the Onkaparinga race^. when half of them . ! were nearly drowned. When we get a ' forecast from Mr. Wraege it is genet a'ly from S to 14 days prior to the arrival of the disturbance, and not 24 hoars. But suf- , fife to say, that all Mr. Hunt's protests , will not deprive Mr. ^Vaggc of what is ' due to him. As for those mythological names, well, tiley are peculiarly Wragge's, and the Australian press were conversant with them long before ever Mr. Punt carne over the horizon into public view. -I am. &x., RALPH NAT TRASS.  GENERAL »EWS. TENDERS FOR RAILWAY STOCK. The Railways Commissioner received ten- ders on Tuesday for the construction of 50 broatl gauge sheep vans, class Bb, also for 40 class Mm sheep vans, nar- row gauge. ? Six tenders were IC ceived for both class of vehicles, that of Messrs. J. S. Bagshaw Í: Sons be the lowest in both cases. Tenders were also received foi- loading, unloading, aud stacking coal and firewood at Petersburg. RECORD RAILWAY TRAFFIC. The output from the Broken Hill mine« has during tliis year been bigger than over before, and last week 24,800 ton» of ore were forwarded, which is a record. Over half a million tons of ore and coal have passed through Cockburn during 1914. The quantity of artificial manures carried by rail for the season to June 6, 1914, was 76,862 tons, au increase of 2,987 tons over the corresponding period of last year. THE MUNICIPAL TRAMWAYS TRUST AND MOTORBUSES. At the meeting of the Municipal Tram- ways Trust on Tuesday afternoon, it was decided to advertise for tenders for a large quantity of motorbuses. The advertise- ment will appear on Thursday morning. EXHIBITS AT THE MUSEUM. A new system, which will be greatly appreciated by visitors to the Adelaide Museum, has been introduced> at that in- stitution bj- the Director (Mr. Edgar K. Waite) in respect to the display of - the latest additions to the collection of ex- hibit«. Instead of placing these in their classified positions as soon as received, a special case has been provided on the ground floor for their accommoekition during the fiist week or so. By this means regular visitors to the Museum will be enabled to see at a glance what has been added most recently. Last week the case was occupied by a fine collec- tion which included some wonderful speci- mens of work done by natives of the Hanover Bay distinct of North-Western Australia. These were spear-heads made from stone and class bottles, beautifully formed and worked into a scries of fine points extending .right, round the hoad«. The excellence of the flaking is wonderfid when it is remembered that the crude tools used were made by the natives from human and kangaroo bones. Some of these are displayed with the finished articles. A skull of a Zulu from Isan (lihana, NataL presented by Professor Watsons nvakes an interesting addition to last week's collection, and. some iron throwing knives of curions shapes, and having blades and edges projecting in different directions, with handles covered with tanned skins, were shown, being the work of natives of Western Africa. Another exhibit which attracted attention -«ras a tomahawk made in stone by natives of the SontWEast of flris State. Tho Director?presented a weH-esecirted model of Ore ""Honorable Hoddy" nugget of gold which was found a few years ago m the West Coast district of New ZealaniL This splendid nugget, which was given to the King, was valued -at S4O0, and is still the "argestfoumd in the -Danrniion. Tlie Director also presented a fine case of eggs of birds which he collected during his recent cruise with Dr. Mawson's ex- pedition. These embrace eggs of the wandering albatross, the Boyal albatross, the moUymawk, and others, some of which are new to the collection. This week's showcase contains a very beauti- ful assortment of butterflies from Coram mid New- Guinea; and some remarkable beetles from the " Coen River. North Queensland, taken bv the Museum col- lector (.Mr. W. D. Dodd). In addition there are; a large number of British bird.V skins recently . acquired by the, board. These arc additionally interesting, 'because they represent varieties from which many Australian species have derived their names. A comparison can be made, for instance, between the local magpie, wag- tail, thrush, or wren, and the British birds bearing these names. PRAISE FOR THE MURRAY BRIDGE ROWING EIGHT. The S.A.R.A. committee, at its meeting on Tuesday evening, received a letter from Mr. E. Kenny (bon. secretary of the Vic- torian Association), in reference to the recent oight-oar race in Melbourne, as fol- lows:-"At the last, meeting of my com- mittee I was directed to convey to you the hearty congratulations of oin« members on the fine race put up by your represen- tatives in the recent eight-oared cham- pionship. Although the crew did not win wo feel that the members are deserving of the highest praise for their fine exhibi- tion and plucky race, and the spectators whose good fortune it was to witness this magnificent contest owe a debt of grati- tude to your crew, who played such a prominent part in it. I shall be grate- ful if you will kindly convey to the mem- bers of the crew the congratulations of Victorian oarsmen on their line effort." The.letter was. much appreciated. The secretary of the association intimated to the meeting that he had forwarded a let- ter of_ congratulation to the Tasmanian As- sociation, whose eight had won the race. It was resolved to convey to the Murray Bridge Club the hearty appreciation of the association of their performance. LITIGATION OVER A RIFLE MATCH. It is a rare thing for a lawsuit to aiise in connection with. rifle shooting, but a serious dispute, which arose as far back as 1911, between the »South Australian Rifle Association and one of its members is lo be decided in the Adelaide Local Court. The case is set down for hearing to-day. At the annual matches of the association at Port Aelelaide in September, 1911, the score of Mr. J. T. Lake, the well-known marksman, w.'is disallowed in the second stage of the King's match. It was com- plained by the range officer that Mr. Lake, when asked to take his turn at the firing mound, delayed his shooting for 10 minutes and declined to fire when requested to elo so. It is understood that Mr- lake's ob- jection was that the marking was bad at the -time. The executive committee of the association decided to disallow the score, and Mr. Lake was thus prevented from re- ceiving prize-money amounting to about £20 and a silver medal. Legal action has been instituted by Mr. Lake for the re- covery of the prize withhelel from lum. Mr. N. A. Webb, a member of the. council of tlie association, has agreed to bo named as tile elefendant on behalf of the associa- tion, as otherwise it would have been necessary, it is stated, for every member of the association to have been proceeded against. TWO INTERESTING PICTURES. Invitations are extended by the board of the Public Library, Museum, and Art Gallery to the public to inspect two large watercolor groups which are 'hanging in the vestibule of the administrative offices in the eastern wing of the museum buildings.' These pic- tures, painted in 1874 by Mr. Alfred Clint, show a number of gentlemen who were prominent citizens in the carry seventies. They were executed to the order of Mr. W. R. Morton, at that time licensee of the Southern Cross Hotel, and one of them has that bmlding for its background, while the other shows the King William-street eleva- tion of the General Post-Office, with the old police-station, where the Telegraph Office now stands. Amongst those who may be easily recognised are the Governor of the day (Sir Anthony Mus- grave! and Lady Musgrave, Dean Russell, Archdeacon (afterwards Dean) Marryat, the Hon. T. Reynolds. Inspector Searcy (of tlie police department), the Hon. Ebenezer Ward, Mr. Justice Boucaut, and many other gentlemen well known in the public and commercial life of the State. A list is in course of preparation'." in which it is hoped that the names of all the members of the group will be included, and the board of governors would be -glad to have the assistance of the public in identifying any of the figures whose names are at present unknown to them. I CYCLISTS ON FOOTPATHS. Cyclists who ride on footpaths must know that they are breaking the law and that they render themselves liable to a substantial penalty. Nevertheless the of- fence is constantly committed, and pedes- trians are subjected to a danger that ought not to exist. A number of cyclists have recently been riding on the footpaths in Payneham, and on Monday several were taken before the chairman of the Payne- ham District Council (Mr. F. 0. Siek mann) and were fined various amounis. ABORIGINAL ART. A number of native drawings on bark, which are exceedingly interesting, have been secured by Professor Baldwin Spencer from the Alligator River, in the Northern Territory. It appears to be t'he mistoni of the natives _to decorate the bark huts in which they "live, and also the surfaces of their rocky shelters in tliis manner. The drawings are extremely realistic anti true to life. 'Piiey oexmny a board 40 ft. long and 7 ft. iiigh, and a very large number of ob- jects is included. _ These represent mythi- cal .spirits and animals of various kinds on which the natives hve. A strange eltarac tcristic of tbe.drawings is that the internal anatomy of the animals is usually given just a* though they were transparent. In addition, although only one side is repre- sented, two eyes are put in. The drawings are in red and yellow ochre, white pipeclay, and charcoal. They are considered to be the most 'highly developed of any drawings by aboriginals yet found in Australia. SCHOOL FOR PHYSICAL TRAINING. In connection with the Commonwealth Defence scheme, one of the most important ..satures is that of training the junior ca- dets, boys between tlie ages of 12 and li. lins work k left largely in the liands of the school teachers. To make sure that only the best methods of instruction are u«ed, schools for the physical training of teachers are being held throughout the various States. South Australia is par- ticularly fortunate in having as controllers of_ the movements such able officers as Cap- tain Kinnish and Lieutenant Woolley, men who have . had long experience not only a= military officers, but as instructors of young folk. Peters- burg, being one of the most ?important places in the north, was chosen as a centre for a school, and 37 teachers including tlie staff of the local high school, assembled in the school grounds on Mon- day, May 31, and for a fortnight with whole- hearted enthusiasm entered.' into the spirit of the training. Schools as far north as Amyton and as far south as Farrcll's .Flat were represeuted- The school closed with an examination on-Friday'and Satur- day last. Physical exercises, including marching drill anil properly organised 'games, were practically and theoretically dealt with, and the principles of first-aid also received close attention. Tlie work is stremious and exacting. Still the teachers recognised that it was quite im- possible for their schools to be kept closed for longer than a fortnight, and were grate- ful for Hie opportunity of making them- selves conversant with a work which is bound to be "recognised more fully as the years pass. The demands of the work left little time for relaxation, but the teachers found a few minutes daily for e-ricket, jumping, football, baseball, roun- ders, tennis, &c. Most of the candidates passed the test, some gaining honors, lrat all have.gone back to their work better fitted to- carry on this - highly important branch of child training. The teachers arc grateful for the help given by Cap- tain-Kinnish and Lieutenant Woolley, and «lso for the work done by Lieutenant No dan and Sergoant-31ajor Morrell. The offi- cers and teachers are loud in their praises of the hospitality of the Petersburg folk. Thev are especially grateful to the Mill and Methodist Tennis Clubs for the use of their courts, and the'institutc committee for the use of the members' reading room. The people generally gare " them a warm wel- come. GK)VIî**r?O^BXv-E>n5RAL AS HOST. Evidently Sir Ronald Munro Ferguson, the Governor-General, ia not a man who stands on ceremony. After haying received an address from representatívea of tlie Melbourne and Metropolitan Board of Works his Excellency entered into informal conversations with his visitors and placed them thorougldy at their ease. Municipal matters greatly interest the Goventor General, and he discussed tliese in a free and easy manner with His visitors .(say» the Melbourne "Herald"). Sir Ronald Munro Ferguson has been associated with several municipalities in Scotland, and he spoke of the crowding of population into Glasgow. He said that he would be in- terest«! in watching developments in re- gard to thcmovcmcnt of population in Mel- bourne. His own exrpcriencc had been that the question of water supply was the most important in connection with municipal ad- ministration. Afterwards the Governor General took the members of the board to inspect the Raeburn, portraits which he had brought out with him. and gave them some interesting information about the pictures. STREET CAR COURTESY. The departure of Minneapolis schools in giving lessons in street car courtesy is at- tracting wide and favorable notice (says the ."Milwaukee Journal"). The training consists of arranging chairs to represent «eats in a street car. Pupils then occupy all the chairs and presently girls enter the lisle. Of "course, the boys are taught to give up their seats to the ladies. "If this training impresses the boys with the".value "of courtesy for its own sake, it is much to be commended. The question of street car courtesy is much debated. " The' right of the person who occupies a seat to hold it cannot be denied. But a great force is created for the comfort and happiness of society as a whole when the individual learns the value of sometimes giving up a right to which he is entitled for the good of other members of society. The boy who regards it as a privilege to be cour- teous to ladies has 'learned an important lesson in the solving of our human prob- lems, -which are clueflv questions, not of who shall obtain the largest share of liis right«; but of who shall acquire the wish to serve others." SOUTH-EASTERN RAILWAY SYSTEM. An influential deputation is.being organ i?ed to wait upon the Commissioner of Pub- lic Works (Sir Richard Butler) on July T, and urge the Government to convert ¿he railway system in the South-East to the broad gauge, THE WEATHER. The Government Meteorologist icportctl on Tuesday night:-Cloudy to dull and cold weather has been experienced over all but the far western parts of the State to-day. Temperatures have been, on the whole, well under (K1 cleg., and only reached a maximum of 48 dcg. at «Stilling West. At Adelaide the highest reading was 57.1 d«^;., reached from a minimum of 39.2 deg. No further min was re- ported up to 3 p.m., but for the 24 hours ended 8.30 a.m. light and scattered showers had been recorded south from the Jjuira, the highest being 30 points at Meadows South, and 21 points each "at Millicent and Mount Gambier. During the same period also no rain had been refolded in Western Australia, but light j to moderate falls had been íegistered throughout Victoria, with the exception of the north-wettei n quarter, where the falls were more scattered. In Tasmania scatteied light to heavy falls were gauged, and also over the coastal parts of New «South Wales. Light to heavy rain had al«-o fallen in the south-eastern corner of Queensland, and Brisbane íe ported a further fall of 30 points up to 3 p.m., associated with a thunderstorm. Tuesday's weather chart indicrates that a very laige anti-cyclone covers the whole of the continent, with its centre over the southern patts of this «State and extend- ing over the Bight, the highest isobar reading 30.0 in. As is usual with a large winter anti-cyclone, we may expect the cloudy and cold weather to continue, particularly over the southern areas, with a shower or two over the Mount Lofty Ranges and in the South-East. and .vari- able wind». Frosts are likely in the north. The Marmora left Melbourne at 3 p.m. on Tuodav. and is expected to arrive at the Outer "Harbor at 7 aan. on Thursday. This vessel . will leave for London at 0 p.m. Particulars of the train service for passengers embarking aie advertised. There has been a change of dates in the Diocesan Social Serviee lectures, as^ adver- tised elsewhere in our columns. The lec- ture by Mr. W. Wragge on "Reformatorv methocls" will be given to-night, instead of next week. On Tuesday next the annual Home for Incurables ball will be held at Unley H io Excellency the Goveinor0and Lady Galway will attend. Tickets may be had from members of the_ committee, of which* the Mavor of Unley is president and Mr. G. T. Powlesland secretary. The Trade Commissioner in, London tele- graphed on June do to the Government: .'Wheat market quiet. Liverpool market steadily held, but not active." CROOKS & BROOKER, LIMITED, .eil best furniture at reasonable prices, and guarantee satisfaction. Our beautt ful catalogue posted free.4 Terms to suit ill clients. Address-Rundle-street. *44e JEAN, LTD., have just opened some pretty Novelty Millinery «suitable for pre- sent wear.. Address, Netter Buildings, Bjndley-streei. *S5:S4 In the race for Boot Supremacy, Ezy i -walkin is thousands of feet ahead. *76zc "Sonia" Liquid Paraffin, the new remedy for habitual constipation, 1/ and 2/ pet bottle. All cliemists. *45wai224 Gramapbejiies.-Cokimbia, His Master's Voice; Pathepbone Machines and Records. AH records tried over.-E. T. Eddy, 48, Gawier-place, 2 doora from. Rundle-st. T136wai224 To-day.-Lunch at the Adelaide Tea- rooms, Basement, Alfred Chambers, Cur ric-strect. Comodious rooms, an efficient ?staff, and cuisine unsurpassed. | Tl36wi224A2/4  USEFUL RAINS. HEAVY SHOWERS IN ADELAIDE. Since Saturday night the Adelaide plains have been favored by some heavy showers, I and if the agricultural areas have been l benefited to the same estent the fall» will I do much good by giving the wheat crops a chance to make headway. The general rains of a week or two ago were sufficient to set the wheat moving, but the falls were rather light as compared with what was hoped for, and the fanners are anxiously looking for a copious downpour. The oflicial report issued on Sunday night was not of a promising nature. It made no reference to rain having fallen in the country, bur private advices indicated that in at least some of the northern agricul- tural districts good rains had been esperi enced. It was stated that Petersburg and Terowie had had about 60 points. Burra j 75 points, and Jamestown a most welcome downpour, though Port Augusta had had only a few points. In Adelaide the heavy driving showers were accompanied by hail, and the weather turned very cold on Sun- day. The Vt»eather Bureau reported at 9 p.m. ' on Sunday:-"Showery weather has been | experienced over South Australia during the p_t two days, with strong westerly I winds. The 3 p.m. reports for Saturday I showed that showers had fallen over the ' settled areas, while at Adelaide up to 9 p.m., Sunday, 20 points" had been regis tered. 1 he disturbance causing this un- settled'weather is a very energetic one. On I Friday morning its centre was south from ' Albany. By Saturday morning it had , moveei very rapidly to a position off the ' west coast of T_inaniaf, and barometers ' in that State and in our South-Eaat feil very low, the reading at Cape Northum- berland being 29.19. During Saturday it increased still further in energy, the baro- meter at Hobart falling to 28.94 by 3 p.m. ' This accounts for the squally conditions that have prevailed over the whole of southern and south-eastern Australia. The atmospheric prerSMire has been ' rising ¡ rapidly over this State since Saturday, due | to the approach from the Weat of a mode-1 rate anti-cyclone, which to-day was centred over the goldfields. Accordingly, with an ] energetic low over Tasmania and a high i approaching from the West, unsettled and showery weather will prevail to-morrow over the settitid areas, but will gradually contract to the south and south-east." "On Comes Ursus." Mi-. Clement Wragge supplied us with the following special advice, dated Kingston, August 2:-"The disturbance ursus will prove a terror. The end is not yet. It is all the one storm, and in very fact he stretches from Cape Leeuwin right to the Tasman Sea, while nestling as on*, the folds of his ample mantle, lies little Lygia, shy and coy. East from Hobart the gales and electric ten- sion of Ursus -will long be remembered, and so will his bénéficient rains, which, as stated some days ago, -should insure the salvation of the South Australian harvest. We are writing . at 3.30 a.m., and. the ticking barograph is beside us. Down goes the , instrument and on comes Ursus in terrific onslaught, like the original going for the bull. Shipping will undoubtedly have a bad time under the; north-westerly to westerly and sou- therly gales, and especially when the baro- meter begins to rise again; and we cons.der it our sacred duty to warn the eastern States and especially'New Zealand. Heed or not, my. masters, we hereby discharge the obligations of our'trust. . Now, iar mers, remember that Ursus is a good name for. infant boys. Jump, dance, and take the hint." HEAVY SHOWERS _î THE SOUTH. Mount Gambier, August 3. J last night a thunderstorm passed "over the r town, accompanied by heavy rain.i To-day the'weather was very cold, and, rthere were heavy Éhdwersr. .'?,-. .&lt;> A'DUSTY DAY ON THE BARRIER. ' - * - Broken «Hill, August 3. Saturday was the most-dusty day expe- rienced 'here for many years. " It was like one of the days of years gone by, ?when Broken Hill was famous'as "the dust city." The »city -was enveloped in a thick cloud of suffocating, catting sand. " Traffic and business' was seriously affected. The ex- press' train had a bad time and arrived one hour and-ten minutes'late. The dust lay inches deep in the carriages. > -  USEFUL RAIN. MORE EXPECTED SHORTLY. "The Government Meteorologist reported on \ifc. tóday morning:-"Further raia was recorded over the agricultural areas during the past 24 hours, but with few exceptions the amounts received have been only light and under a quarter of an inch. In the upper north, with, the exception of 53 points at Melrose, the falls were very «mattered and under 10 pointe. In the lower north a few places recorded over 30 points, otherwise they were exceedingly light. On the Mount Lofty rangea and the lower South-East the following stations received about half an inch:-Stirling Wef-t, 54 point?; Mount Gambier, 47 points; àarracoorte, 43 pointe; Lucin- I dale, 43 points; while Uraidla registered I the highest individual total, namely, 83 points. Elsewhere over the southern coastal districts the rains are chiefly lieht, but with the falls recorded the pre- vious day the totals* represent a useful precipitation. Adelaide during the past 48 boura received 28 points. This morning's weather chart bhows that the disturbance which produced the recent rain now lies to the west of Tasmania, and a moderate anti-cyclone covers the greatest part of . this State and the interior. Another Ant «rtcic disturbance, however, is advancing along the ocean towards this State, and i-honTd bring more unsettled weather with rain." The 9 p.m. report stated:-"The new 'Antarctic disturbance has by this after- noon's reports advanced eastward, the barometer over our western districts fall- ing under its influence. We may, there- fore, expect unsettled weather and ram »gain by the end of the week." "LET FARMERS REJOICE." Mr. Clement Wragge writes:-''There is fio 'new' disturbance at present in the ¿Australasian region. It is all sweet "Lisbeth.' The 'g'ri' covers, as it were, the Southern Ocean horizontally, her head over Tasmania, her skirts over the Bight, and ber legs off Cape Leeuwin. She had not yet done with South Australia by any means, and farmers can rejoice and jubi- late to their hearts' content." . BAIN* ON KANGAROO ISLAND. Lieutenant-Colonel Castine, who had been on a visit to Kanearoo Island, re- j turned to Adelaide on ThursSay evening. ile stated that bountiful rains had fallen on portions of the island. At the Springs, where the Government experimental plots are situated, about l8 miles from Kir»" ecote. th e rainfall from July 10 to 16 amounted to 1.04 in., and the experimental plots were looking extremely wall. A" DREARY PROSPECT. Eudunda. July 16. The continued absence of rain is causing the gravest anxiety. In most casos where the land Las been examined the grain, where it has not grown, is still in the ground. In dozens of cases farmers had re»own their land in June, because they j could fee where the wheat had started to ¡ grow, but there was not enough moisture j to drive the plant through the top soil. 1 In many paddocks, where apparently there waa no moisture in the ground,whatever, the wheat is through and looking healthy and strong. There are farmers who pos Bev crops that are through splendidly, .whilst other portions of their holdings have -come up patchily. If the (trains still in the ground do'not malt with the-- first rains they will grow. Last year a far- mer on the Anlaby Blocks found that in one of his paddocks wheat came up as late as September, and he burned bis cattle on to the wheat and fed it off. The re- fait was an even-grown crop. This parti- cular paddock turned out best of all he had, 27 bushels being the average off about 60 acres. . Along the road to Anlaby Blocks their is some nice, wheat, but most pad- docks are patchy. Where the eoil is sandy the wheat has 'come through, but not where the red clay soil predominates. "Fanners in the scrub believe most of tneir fefd has perished, and even should rain fall s*»on and conditions be favorable, they do not hope for even a fair harvest. Al- though the outlook is so bad in the scrub, the best piece of wheat between Morgan ran be &lt;?een in the heart of the scrub. Dur- ing the March floods Mr. R. KKtecher, of Bower, had about 100 acres of fallow ground nnder water for hours, so that it was thoroughly saturated. At fir«t he intended to sow the lot, but. unfortunately, put in only 25 acres. This piece ¿as been fed off twice, ' and the wheat is a foot high again. ,4Mr. Kilitssher bfclicve3 erhonld no more rain faD till harvest that there is enough moisture in the ground to bring this wheat to a head. On ground sown alongside this flat he thinks the prospect hojéeles«.  GENERAL NEWS. FINE AND COOL. There was a gradual cooling down of thf weather dirring the week-end. and last night was chilly. In the city the highest shade tcmpei-atures were 81.7 deg. on Satur- day- and 79.8 deg. on Sunday. The thun dcrshowers that fell on Friday were light lo heavy, but. as is usual with thunder- storms, the falls were of a patchy nature. The heaviest official registration was 1.44 in. at Kapunda. Meadows registered 1.4 in., Wolseley 1.2 in., Gawler 1.15 in., and Macclesfield 1.07 in. Further useful rains were recorded in New South Wales on Satnrday morning, the whole State partici- pating, except the far weston and southern border districts. Light to moderate rain, with thunderstorms, also occurred at many stations in Victoria. The Government Meteorologist stated last night:-"An anti- cyclone has occasioned the cooler breezes that blew during Sunday afternoon, and their direction and the rapid 'rise in the Adelaide barometer show that the system is passing eastward rather quickly. Under the influence of this high the weather may be expected to remain fine over the central State with cool to moderate temperatures."' WELCOME TO DR. MAWSON. A special congregation of the Adelaide University will be held to-day at the Elder H-all at 2.15 p.m. to welcome Dr. Mawson. Graduates are asked to wear academic dress and to .issemble in the concert hail at 2 p.m. The Chancellor (Sir Samuel Way) and the "members of the council and senate and. professorial staff will march in pro- cession to their seats. The Chancellor will be accompanied by the Preni'er (Hon. A H. Peake). So soon as thev are seated the Governor-General (Lord Denman) and the Minister of Customs (Mr. Groom) will be conducted to the platform by the Vice Chancellor (Dr. Barlow) and Mr. Justice Murray. The Chancellor will extend a welcome lo the Governor-General, who will deliver an address, and the Premier and the Minister of Customs will also speak. Then the Chancellor will confer the degree of doctor of science (ad eundem) on Professor Orme Masson, who is acting chairman of the Mawson expedition committee > and president of the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science. Professor Masson will deliver an address, after which Dr. Mawson and Captain Davis, of the Aurora will speak. Presidents of societies and other bodies participating in the wel- come ?will be accommodated with seats on the platform. As the Governoi>Gerieral is to leave for Melbourne bv the afternoon's express train it is expected that the pro- ceedings will be concluded by 4 o'clock. SHOW WEEK.« The Autumn Show of the Royal Agricul- tural Society is likely to attract the usual crovvds to the city. To-dav the steady flow of country visitors will begin in ear- nest, and before the end of the week the hotels and boardine-houses will probably all be well filled. The show will be opened on Thursday, and will be continued on Fri- day and Saturday. THE POPULATION' OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The Government Statist, Mr. L'. H. Sholl, has issued a tabulated statement showing the estimated population of South Australia on December 31, 1913. The total popula- tion at the beginning of the year 1913 was' 430,090, made up of 218,613 males and 211,477 females, and the table shows the total to have increased to 440,044, made up of 221.G"2 males and 218,442 females. The births dur- ing the year numbered 12.627 (6,505 males and 6,122 females), and the deaths 4,tS)3 (2,563 males and.2,130 females). The total number of arrivals during the 12 months was 115,461, of whom 8,337 were from over- sea, and the total number of departures 113,441. The increase by migration is thus 2,020, made np of a loss of 953 males and a gain of 2,973 females. The natural increase has been 7,934 (3,942 males and 3,992 fe- males). It is estimated that 6,040 persons have arrived from the United Kingdom and British possessions during the year ami 2,652 have departed for the same countries, making a gain for South Australia in this direction of 3,988. The total of foreign arrivals is 1,697, and of departures to foreign countries 1.002, making an increase in population of 695. The figures showing inter-State migration are of exceptional in- terest. From New South Wales 37,901 per Cl"." I,. sons have arrived and that State lias claimed 39,607 South Australians, with the reFult that this State loses to the extent of 1,610. In the exchange with Victoria the loss is nearlv as great, there having been 59,559 arrivals from and 60,835 depai tures to that State. Queensland has claimed 197 South Australians, and only responded with 75 Qucenslanders: but the exchange with Western Australia has been more satisfactory. 9,476 persons having arrived from and 9,148 departed for the West. There have been 23 arrivals from Tasmania. and no South Australians have gone to that island to take their places. The total inter-State loss is 2,663. In the two pre- vious years the population of South Aus- tralia increased to a greater extent by im- migration than in 1913: in 1911 to the ex- tent of 4,285, and in 1912 to the extent ot 4,175. In 1913. as has already been pointed out, th&lt;? increase was only 2.020. -.« «,,m^"T,T,T,' rmr»r-iTT-nrr-n» THE BUTUHJSK& J-líDUU-i-.. ""There is no new development in the local butchers' trouble," said the Hou. A. W. Styles, when asked how the matter «tood on Sunday. He went on to state that nothing further would be known con- cerning the position till to-night, when a meeting of the board of management repre- senting the employes wiQ be held. The employers will also meet to-day. Mr. Styles, however, expressed Idmself as exceedingly hopeftd that a satisfactory arrangement wonfcl be concluded. "I doirt think there w31 be any difficulty," ho added. A LEGISLATOR IN A FEX. On Friday Mr. A. W. lobinsón, of Balak- lava, a vice-president of the Liberal Union; Mr. G. Wiesner, pre-dent of the Eudunda branch; and Mr. O. H. Dal13t, ALP., started from Eudunda in a motor car with tho object of addressing a meeting of the union at Robertstown. The rain was falling heavily, and when the party reached Point Pass they found that it waa impossible to go farther along the ma road, as the creeks were running so high. The schoolmaster at Point Pass (Mr. P.T3. Paech) landry lent them a pair of ponies and a vehide, in which they travelled along the back road. They had not gone more than 1} miles, however, when the ponies in attempting to cross a creek, which is one oí the tributaries of the Brady River, sank np to their bellies in mud,- and the y_ócíci;becaine. eo bogged that it was impossible to move it. The I edges of the creek, which runs through a fallowed field, had washed away. Messrs. Robinson and Wiesner at once jumped out .sinking in mud up to their knees, but Mr. Duhst was more cautious, and he first removed his boots, socks, and trousers» Clothed in a long overcoat he waded ashore carrying the other garments in his arms. The efforts of the party did not avail, to move the vehicle, and assistance liad to be sought from a neighboring farmer. That gentleman brought out a heavy draught boree and a supply of shovels and other implements with which to dig the vehicle loose. Then after working for 11 'hours tlia draught horse hauled it and tile ponies out of the creek. "Unfortunately there was no camera with which to get a snapshot of the legislator with an overcoat clinging, to his len ces, and his companions, like him- self, dreiiehedwith rain and thickly splashed with mud. The party continued their jour- ney till they came to the Brady, which was running several chains wide on its way to join the Julia. There they decided that discretion was the better part of valor, and thej- abandoned their con- templated journey and returned to Point Para. They then learned of- the drown- ing of Messrs. Rcuther and Richter in the Julia, which they would have had to cross at night if they had-gone on as was intended from Robertstown to Auburn, to be present at a meeting concerning the guarantee poll in connection with the Riverton to Spalding railway. They learnt that copious rains had fallen at Marrabel, and all through the other parts of the country as far as Kapunda, and tfiat there had been a slight washaway on the rail w-ay line at Fords, where a locomotive en ginediiver was drowned as the result of the great floods last March. The farmers were kind to Mi-. Duhst and his comrades, whom they assisted in every possible way even to the extent of washing their feet and cleansing their clothes. The party re- turned to Eudunda at about 4 o'clock. A NEW COASTAL STEAMER. On January 24 a new steel steamer, tie Kapara, was launched at the yard of. Messrs. John Crown & Sons, Sunderland.' . Our London coi respondent writes:-She was built to the order''of the Adelaide Steam Tug Company, and is of the following di menáoDs:-Length, 195 ft.; breadth, 32 ft.; moulded depth, 13 it. 9 in. She baa been constructed to tho highest class Lloyds under their special survey, and und&lt;r the ?versonal superintendence of -Mr. James Stewart, C.E., of Newcastle-on-Tyne. She is 1.100 tons d.w. all told, and has engines supplied by Messrs. McColl & Pollock, of Sunderland, to steam 8 knots. The stea> mer is intended for the coastal trade oí South Australia. Messrs. Elder. Smith, and Co., of London, have acted as business agents for the owners, and the boat was christened with a bottle of Australian wine by Mrs. H. M. Orr, wife of one of the managers. THE ENGLISH MALL. On Friday the commander of the P. &, O. liner Medina advised by wireness his pros- pective arrival at the Outer Harbor at 9-30 a.m. on Saturday. At that hour the steamer was swinging opposite her berth. The voyage out was quite of the ordinary, type, except that communication was estab- lished with Cocos Island, and the staff of the Eastern Telegraph Company was pro- vided with reading matter sent ashore in a barrel. Prompt attention was given to the mails for Adelaide and the eastern States, the latter being forwarded by the after- noon express. ' The Medina left for Mel- bourne at about 4.30 p.m. DISTRICT TRAINED NURSING SOCIETY. Previously the method adopted by the Hindmarsh branch of the District Trained Nurses' Society for raising funds was by means of continentals, fairs, and visiting the residents in their homes, but on Friday evening a departure from this procedure was made, in the shape of a street collec- tion. * Lady assistants^ elad in neat white costumes, were at every street corner and at the railway-station and the tram ter- minus, and their courteous appeals could not be resisted. The result was very gratifying to the committee. Misa Scriven is the secretary and Mr. G. E. Freeman, | assistant secretary. ' CENTENARY OF AUSTRALIAN METHODISM. The representative session of the Metho- dist Conference will resume its work this morning at 10 o'clock, and in the after- noon will pay its annual visit to Prince Alfred College, The evening will be de- voted to the inaugural demonstration in connection, with the centenary of the Church's History' in tlie southern world. On August 10, 1815, the Rev. Samuel Leigh arrived from England and organised the fir^t church of the "people called Methexlists" in Sydney with some 20 membeis, and so great has been the ex- pansion that there are now over 1.200 ministers, and the church membership reaches 163,000. Fittingly to celebrate the occasion, the Conference has decided upon a bold poKcv of advance, both in the direction of still further increasing its membership and by raising funds for im- portant connexional interests. The Cele- brations will extend over two years at least, during which time representatives of the Church in all parts of the world will vjgic Australia, bringing fraternal 'greetings from 'the Conferences to which they belong. The "mother church" in England-tlie British Wesleyan Confe- rence-has already appointed the Rev*. Luke Wiseman, B.A., its delegate for 1915, and the" MetLodißt, Church in Canada, the Methodist Episcopal Church of thei United states, and others will in due time announce their selections. Under these circumstances the demon- stration of this evening is one of unusual interest, and will no doubt be largely attended. tll/LUllUCU. SCARCITY OF VEGETABLES. Owing to the hot, dry season the supply of vegetables for the Adelaide market has fallen far below the demand for some weeks past, and the shortage is becoming more seriously felt as the summer advances. On Saturday morning Mr. H. J. Bishop, of the firm of Silbert, Sharp, & Bishop, stated that there had not been such a shortage as existed at present at any time during the last bix or eight years. This was due to the dry season and the ravages of blight of one kind and another. As a consequence prices were unusually high. Cabbages, for instance, were selling at 5/ a dozen, and bunched vegetables, such as parsnips, car- rots, and turnips, 2/ a dozen bunches. These prices were higher than he had known them for at least five years. The quality in all varieties of produce was also considerably below the average. Beans were realising from 4d. to 6d. per pound, and unless there should be a good downfall of rain to set the early crops going he could see na prospect of an improvement for some time to come. Large quantities of melons, pumpkins, and tomatoes had been sacrificed, as growers could not get suf- ficient water to bring them to maturity, even when they were in a well-advanced stage of development. THE ARMY AND THE Y.M.CA. The following letter has been received by the general secretary of the Y.M.C.A. from Lieutenant-Colonel Miell, officer in com- mand of the recent Light Horse military camp held at Jamestown:-"I wish to ten- der your excellent association my sincerest thanks for the splendid work done by your worthy representatives at my regimental camp held at Jamestown during the last eight days. After 21 years of peace and war service I have no hesitation in saying that your work is the most beneficent and elevating influence that has been brought into the service during my career. Our defence forces do not compare numerically with the countlees millions of our possible enemies; it is therefore essential that our troops should be mentally, morally, and physically, far superior to their foes. We are aiming for a high moral for the army, and your organisation is a very powerful influence for good in raising the standard of the manly fellows in the forces/' MR. (^«EMENT WRAGGF/S PRO- PHECIES. Mr. Clement Wragge, the well-known meteorologist, is in Tasmania, and thence he sends us the following extract from a lecture he delivered at Port Cygnet .last wreck:-He forecasted in 1904, and re- peated it in 1906, that the rainfall in Aus- tralia as a whole in 1912 and 1913 would be under average; in other -words, there would bo drought. He did not say that the nnder-avenige would be as bad as it was in 1902, because the moon has been and is 8tDl gcdug towards the sun, -which musr, cause bitcTvening rain; but that interven- ing rain notrwithstaiiding, the rainfall generally has been under the average. Com- ing to rho present time, he said that 11)1-4 will still be marked by what Australians call drought; but the dipught so called of this - year should not be so bad a-~t 1913. Conditions were rmpToíing, and in 1915 would still be improving. By the end of 1915 the rainfall should be up to the average. In 1916 and on to 1920 he forecasted good seasons; 1321 and 1922, falling off; 1923 and 1924, bad drought; 1925-6, improv- ing; 1£E7 .to 1930, .good,, seasons.  GENEBAI NEWS. THE BUDGET". I Tln.-> alternóos in the House of AsHeiribly \he "Treasurer (Hon. Ç.. Vamrhtin) will de- liver his &econd financial statement pince 'talrine office in the \'errau Government. | The Estimates of expenditure, the state- ment of Ways and Means, and -the appen- dices will bo laid upon the table prior lo the House going into Supply, which will be the first business on the paper. It i»¡ ?not likelv that there will lie any airing of I Grievances on the motion to go into coru | mittee. as- it is a sort of convention in Parliament that a Treasurer with a finan- cial statement to deliver shall not be sub ' jected to any unnecessary »delays. Mr. | Vaughan expects to occupy from an hour and a half to two hours_ in his compre- hensive survey of the position. _ Although | the _ present season is not without its anxieties owing to the lack of rain in cer ! tain parts of the State, the story to be told j by Mr. Vaughan will for_ the most part be of a cheerful and an exhilaratinc eharac I ter. The revenue from taxation has I been even better than was expected, and I the income cenerallv has been large. After j ziving it review of the operations of the past vear the Treasurer will supply fleures j concernine the various heads of revenue. [ such as railwavs, land, income, and stamp taxes, as well as nrobate and succession I duties. He will devote attention to I land settlement which the Government are doing everytbinc in their_ power _ to en courage. Considerable interest is mani- fested . concernine the new taxation pro- posal.« of the Government, and it is ex [ pected that the policy of last year in re ; spect to increased land taxes will be submitted aeain. accompanied by a pro- posal to exempt earnings below £300. a year from the income tax. The pre I sent exemption is £200 a year. RETURN OP THE ENGINEéR-rN GHIEF. Mr. Graham Stewart, the Enginççr-in. Chief. who has oeen on an official visit to England, the Continent, and America/ in I search of machinery for the construction I of drains in the South-East and other works, will return to Adelaide by. the mail j steamer which will reach the Outer Harbor I on Sunday next. Mr. Stewart left Ade- laide at the end of January, and made London his headquarters. He went to America on a short business trip, and abo I visited countries on the Continent in search [ of information as well as machinery whicn will reduce the cost of making the big channels necessary to' drain the South-TSas ; tern swamp lands effectually. Mr. Stewart I made enquiries on the subject of construct- ing locks on the River Murray, and had consultations with several experts, .wha are willing to come to Adelaide to report on j the Murray question. Soon after his re- turn he will have an interview with the | Commissioner of Public Works, and com- municate his opinion respecting the most | suitable man to be commissioned for the ! special work. The Government will pro- bably act on his advice promptly, so that within a few months an eminent engineer ought to arrive under a special engagement to examine the river and raport on the best sites for locks and other matters con- nected with the scheme for improving the navigation of the great waterway. A BDSY TIME WITH COMMISSIONS. The Select Committees of the two Houses of the Legislature" on tile Ice Works and Produce Depot, met on Monday-the House of Assembly committee in the morning and the Council committee in the evening. The Sedan Committee spent the whole of the morning examining the Railways Com- missioner, and .the Eyre Peninsula Railwuy Commission were engaged far three hours taking the evidence of the Railways Com- missioner, the Surveyor-General, and Cap- tain Weir, of the Governor Musgrave. Later in the day the members of the Coin mission inspected the mono railway, which was laid down on tho Jubilee Exhibition BTOund. fo- the recent Show. The Bonier Railways - Commission spent two hours on Tuesday considering their report, aud the Wharfs Commission devoted a similar time on Wednesday to the taking of evidence from Mr. Arthur Searcy and the con- sideration of the report. The Legislative Council Committee on the Ice Works met again on Wednesday evening, and this afternoon the Border Railways Commission I will leave for Melbourne to meet the Vie-| torian Commission, which is investigating ¡ the same subject, for the purpose of cn ' deavoring to finalise the work of the two bodies and fixing up the report. To-mor ! row morning the members of the Water i Supply Commission will leave for Pasko I ville to inspect wooden pip?8 put down ' there as an experiment. Next week the i Wharfs Commission will assemble on Wed- nesday morning to consider the report, and in the evening the Electoral Rou Irrcgu | larities Select Committee of the Legisla i tive Council will hold another meeting. On j the afternoon of the same day the "Eyre , Peninsula and Murray Lands Commission | will leave for Pinnaroo to make enquiries I concerning the stisgestcd line from near ' Peake to Butcher's Soak. The members of the Commission will proceed in tlu Melbourne express to Murray Bridgo, where tliev will remain for the night, con- tinuing the journey to Pinnaroo the next morning. On Friday thev will drive out to look at the country in the vicinity «if the Soak, and on Sattirday will return to Lameroo in order to inspect the country to the north along the proposed route of the new railway. FROM PLENTY TO SCARCITY. A fortnight ago some of the, market packers were busy exporting to Victoria .every cabbage and cauliflower they con M spare, as the demand over the border was so great that almost any price asked for .was obtainable. Fortunately the supply here was fairly good then, but a complete , reversal of conditions has occurred, and the quantity available is extremely limited now. At Wednesday's markets the ab- sence of cabbages and cauliflowers was particularly noticeable. The prices of cauliflowers have advanced 100 per cent., and those of cabbages have gone up 50 per cent, within the last few weeks, accom- panied by a downward movement in quality. Instead, therefore, of being able to export the vegetables to Melbourne the packers are anxiously looking for sufficient stock to meet the requirements of local i trade. The explanation of the shortage is ' that the young spring crops in the hills gardens are not ready for cutting except in small quantities, and the warra weather of this month has caused the balance of the crops on tlie plains to go to seed. There are large quantities of cauliflowers on the* plains, but they arc not ready for picking in bulk lots, owing to the dr\ spel] recently experienced having retarded the development" of the flowers. The showers which have fallen within the la-st .week tvfll help the crops a little, and the packers and dealers hope .shortly to have .better supplies. Fortunately peas are , coming forward in considerable quantities, and they should relieve the tituation. THE SPRCCG SHOW. ( A full report of the Adelaide Spring j Show, with a description of the exhibits I and a list of the prizes won appears in j '"The Chronicle" which is published to-day. There arc also four pages of portants j and photographs relating to the Show, j Some of the pictures ore particularly artis- tic and the whole issue forms a splendid I souvenir of an exceedingly successtul ex- hibition, and one admiiably adapted for dispatch to friendo at a distance. Por- j tniiUs are given of his Excellency the Go- vernor, the president (Hon. W. B. Rounse-1 veil), the vice-presidents (Messrs. R. li. Crawford and J. W. Sandford), and the | secretary (Mr. J. A. Riley). There is Tine general group of the officials of the j society, with tlie Governor, the members | of the Ministry, and other distinguished visitors, comprising over 100 .persons, all »f whom are readily recognisable. A page ii devoted to the cattle, the magnificent Hereford bull, May Dyke IV.. being in the centre, with eight other splendid animals ranged round him. The crowd at the ma- chinery stand, the throng watching the horse events on the oval, with the stud 'cattle and the draught and roadster stock are the subjects-of four other lino illustra- tions. The champion merinos, the chain- j pion stallion aud mare, the hackney cob stallion, the jumping liorseS; "thé hacke;, tte à ponies, and a group of hacks 'with Isa] riders make up another page. Snapshot of competitors in the harness horse an&lt; pony classes are also included. The col lection of pictures is both comrprehensivt and artistic. SUNDAY WORK ON MAIL STEAMERS Por a long time members of the Pon Adelaide Working Men's Association havi objected to Sunday labor on mail or othei «tt-amers. except in cases where- pcrhapi risk-to life was involved. To a large ex tent they have in this respect enjoyed thi 'sympathy ol' the Legislature, and Sunday work has been'avoided bv the various ship ping companies. Montlis have elapeet since a mail steamer from London arrivei here on a Sunday. Consequently th( ¡ question of Sunday work has not beet raised. It whs. however, revived at Port Adelaide on Wednesday in conncctior with the Orient Company's R.M.S. Ormusc This vc«sel was a day late in getting t&lt; Colombe from Port Said, and she failet to pick up lost time in the run to Pre mantle, wliich was reached at 1 a'.m. 01 Wednesday. Before leaving the Westen Australian port at 9 a.m. for Ade luirle her commander advised tin agents here that he expected te reach the Outer Elarbor at noon on Sun day. Tlie vessel lias (JO tons of genera merehandiFe to unship here, and th&lt; working men were asked whether, if a spe rial permit were obtained, they would worl on Sunday. Thev considered that to di i so would establish a bad precedent, and re fused. As a result the work of dischàrg ins: tile cargo may begin at midnight or. Sunday, or the steamer may. to save time take the Adelaide merchandise on witl her to the eastern States. RAIN IN PLACES. Tiie farmers are'beginning to look witl: some anxiety for heavy spring rains. Al thcugh it would lie an exagération' to sas that the condition of the wheat crops any where in the State is critical, a soakinc downpour would be welcome. The Gov ernment Meteorologist, in his report lasl night, stated:-"'fhiring the 24 hours enden at S.30 a.m. on Wednesday fairly genera! rain was recorded south from Melrose. The falls were usefirl^ and some of the higkeal amounts were:-Uraidla, .W points; Angas ton, 40 point*; Watervale 28 points; Ka punda nnd Clare, 27 points; and Burra, It points. Scnttei-ed showers only were, how -ever recorded in the South-East. Tin weather chart shows that the succession oi low pres-sure wuves from the West con tinuej another being- located south of the Bight which is being followed in turn by the usual anti-cyclone. The wave of low pressure, however, does not seem at pre sent to have much energy, so that indica' tiona are for fine weather for the most part, with perhaps a few light coasta. showers." PARLIAMENTARY BREVITY. ifv. T. S. Byan. M.J?., ond Mr. E. H. Coombe both huvo some ' long «peech« to their credit in the Parliamentary records of the State. On Wednesday however, cadh gentleman was as brief nf it was possible to be in submitting :i proposition of the first importance to the House of Assembly. Both meirtbere ubed the same phrase and nothing more. Wheo the line on the notice-paper referring te . the adoption of the first report of the 'Royal Commission on the Adelaide Uni versitv and llighor Education was reached Mr. Ryan rose and said, "Mr. Speaker, 1 move the motion standing in my name." "1 second that,'' said the Premier, and if the leader of the Opposition had not inter- vened the resolution, which meant an ad- ditional grant of ¿£1.000 a year to the Uni- versity, would have passed without another word. When the fourth order of the day, "Proportional Representation »Bill, second reading," was called on Mr. Coombe used exactly the same words as Mr. Ryan. He was not so fortunate, however, for where- as the first motion was carried his was adjourned. The session would be soon over if tlie example set hy Messrs. Ryan and Coombe on this occasion was generally followed. SECOND CLASS SLEEPING CARRIAGES. The Railways Conrmissioner intends to provide second class sleeping accommoda- tion on long-distance journeys within the State as soon as possible. Between Ade- laide awl Melbourne this must be a matter for interstate negotiation, and as far* as Broken Hill is concerned it must wait for the completion of the now carriages. The question and arrangements for a dining car "between Adelaide and Scviceton has | been carefully considprcd, but the expense of hauling such a carriage over ihe Hills line- is prohibitive. " " ROBBING THE RAILWAYS. Tlie Premier (Hon. J. Verran) chocked the members of the house of Assembly on Wednesday by announcing that in the space of about, a month, during August and September. 10 decanters and 222 tumblers had been stolen from the car- nages on the South Australian railways. Mr. Rudall asked if the articles were not branded. The Premier replied that they were taken away, brands and all. He con- sidered the face to be a great reflection on the honesty of the travelling public. There is no doubt that if such depredations con- tinue the Railways Commissioner will be cliary about providing articles of a movable character for the convenience of passengers by the trains. THE AWFUL MOON. Tho Goddess of the Night, to whose pale beauty poets have sung praises, was given an awful character by Mr. Clement L., Wragge in the course of his lecture at the Sydney Y.M.C.A. Hall on Saturday night, says the "Daily Telegraph .1' 'ihe moon, .he said, is fast crumbling co decay." In- cessantly great pieces are breaking off the cliffs and mountain tops and tumbling to the arid plains. But not a sound is beard. A dead silence covers the scene, for there is no atmosphere surrounding the decaying orb. For the same reason there is no vegetation, and. while the portion bathed in sunligltt is for the time hotter than a furnace, the other half-night timer-« I colder than the nose of a Polar bear-250 ¿eg. below zero, as a matter of calculation. In point-of fact he could not conceive of a greater punishment to anybody than to cousign him to the moon, if such were pos- sible. And nothing was surer than that the earth would eventually be in the same .predicament, and become exactly like the moon. But she would still be fulfilling her part in the universe. Ether waves would be passing from her decaying and crumb- ling surface to light another planet created for the purpose. I MAIL STEAMERS. I The R.M.S. Ophir, of the Orient line c royal mail stcameriä. is expected to reac. the Outer Harbor from Melbourne at a.m. to-morrow, and will leave for Londo; the same dav at 1 p.m.. . The last specia will leave North-terrace at 12.1 p.m. fo the Outer Harbor. /die Orrnuz is ej pected to arrive at the Outer Harbor frou London at noon on Sunday, and will sai for Melbourne at 4 a.m. on Monday. Tin last special train will leave- Xorth-terrae for the Outer Harbor at 9 p.m. on Sun dil» TI1E ELECTORAL ROLLS COM- MITTEE. The Select Committee of the Legislativ«; Council, which has 'been investigating tin alleged irregularities in connection with th&lt; Central district of the Legislative Council has been unable to" hold meetings lately oi acconut of members being otherwise _ en. gaged, but arrangements have been made to resume the enquiry on Wednesday next No action has been taken with respect to tlie two witnesses who refused to answer, questions until they had made a state- ment, and considerable interest will attach to the meeting next week. IN OPPOSITION TO GAMBLING. At the Baptist Church Conference on Wednesday afternoon the following mo- tion was carried at the instance of the Rev. Frisby Smith:-"In the interests of the young people of the State, this Con- ference rc-ailirms its decided opposition to all forms of gambling, and views with great concern the large increase of money now passing through the totalizator." Mr. Smith, who is assistant secretary to the Anti-Gambling League, said the amount of money which had passed through the to- talizator in South Australia during the past year represented 2.3/ per head of the popu- lation. Even in the pleasure-loving and gambling country of France the money in- vested in similar channels was only 7/6 per head. In New Zealand the amount per head was £2. Ile said he could submit the motion -with a great deal of earnest- ness because of the knowledge he had ob- tained during the last few months. Within five years the amount of money passing through the totalizator in South Austra b'a had doubled. COSTS OF BOARDS OF ENQUIRY. Referring to the disproportionate cost of Federal boards of enquiry as compared with the importance of the matter» they liavc to investigate, the Federal Public Service Commisi-ioner remarks in his re- cent report:-""In one case the dep«ir:mcnt framed 16 charges against an officer, and a boan! of &lt;m-,uiry was appointed to investi gate these charges. The enquiry extended I over eight days, during which the time" of I officers and witnesses was taktn up to thei explosion of ordinary departmental busi-! ness, while the accused officer was put to serious expense in engaging counsel to de j fend himself. The officer was found partly I guilty op one of the charges, tlie remaiudor' being disproved, and it was demonstrated that the fault lay rather with the system adopted by the department m carrying out its work than with the accused officer. This officer was under suspension for a period of five weeks, he was compelled to pay legal expenses, a penalty of £5 was inflicted, and an increment withheld from him, responsible officers were withdrawn from their work, and practically a whole branch temporarily dislocated, and for ' what? To prove a charge which was capable of proof in half a day. Had the law permitted it, I should certainly have recommended the Government to reimburse the suspended officer the amount of his legal expenses, which would not have been incurred only for the unnecessary multipli- cation of charges against bim. The case was one which could have been readily dis- posed of without a board of enquiry." ISLANDS IN THE COORONG. Tlie South Australian Ornithological Association recently leased some ol' the islands in the Coorong for the purpose of protecting native birds, and allowing them to breed. On Tuesday the secretan' (Mr. J. W. Mellor) left to inspect these islands and furnish a report. It is intended to erect notices forbidding trespassing. Na- tives also will be prohibited from mo lestine the birds. Mr. Mellor will pro- ceed to Goolwa, and there join the inspec- tor of_ fisheries, who is proceeding to the Coorong in the departmental motor launch. ' TRAINING SHIP AT THE SEMA- PHORE. After about a month's stay at Port Ade ; laide, the fine Danish training-ship Viking , was towed to the Semaphore anchorage on I Wednesday morning. The vessel, which ' has attracted considerable interest during . her visit, is fully loaded with wheat, ' shipped by Dalgety & Co. Her destination is the United Kingdom, but she will not sail for a few days. WINE TASTING. The annual wine tasting in connection with the> recent wine- show was conducted i at the Jubilee Exhibition Building on Wed- nesday. Among those present were:-Mr. Paul Kitz, of Messrs. Kitz & Son, Mel- bourne, and Mr. J). Reid, of the Orient Com- pany, Sydney, a. recognised authority on wine in Australia. The awards of* the judge (Mr. W. W. Senior, of Victoria) ami the merits of the different wines were .freely discussefl by those engaged in the trade. i VISITING SCHOOLBOYS. By the Melbourne express on Wedncsday there arrived six masters and 25 students of the Melbourne Continuation School. The j visitors included the principal (Mr. J. I Hocking, B.A.I and Miss Hocking, Mr. ! and Mrs. J. Ackeroyd, Mr. and Mrs. C. i G. Waters, Mr. E. Witherington, Mr. A. James, and Mr. J. B. Cooke. Mr. E. Triplet will arrive by the express ' to- day. The visitors were met at the station bv the principal of the Adelaide High School (Mr. W. J. Adey). The scholars are member« of the Melbourne school foot- ball tetvm, and will piny the A.H.S. team on the Jubilee Oval to-morrow afternoon. The masters will meet the Adelaide teachers in a tennis match on Saturday morn- ing. A good programme for the entertain- ment of the visitors has been arranged by Mr. J. G'uis (sportamaster). MOORAK ESTATE. Applications have been received at the Surveyor-General's Office from'271 persons for blocks in Moorak estate. There are 149 blocks, including 37 under one acre in area. A few of tlie small blocks were not applied for. HIGn COURT OF AUSTRALIA. A sitting of the Full. High Court of Australia will .begin in Adelaide on No- vember 6. RAILWAY REVENUE. The railway earnings for the week ended September 16 amounted t'o £44,948, as against £44,201 for tlie same period last' year. THE NEW GOVERNMENT GEOLOGIST. The Treasurer (Hon. C. Vaughan), when asked on Wednesday whether many appli- cations lind been 'rcceivetl ,for the jHtei'.ion'' of Government G-ologist on the retirement of Mr. Brown next month, said a fair num- ber had come to hand from, men in Aus- tralia with- exceptionally good qualifica- tions. THE MURRAY SWAMPS. The new excavating machine for work at the "Murray swamps, which was imported from the United States, is now being as- sembled near Murray Bridge under the supervision of an American expert. The Treasurer will visit the swamps to-morrow in company irith^the Acting Director of Irrigation (Mr. Kellett), and he will take the opportunity of having a look at the ma- chine, which .has a great reputation. It is proposed to give an exhibition perfor- mance before members of Parliament shortly. . "THE CHRONICLE." -This week's issue of "The Chronicle" is an unusually interesting one, because it contains a full account of the Show, and several pages of show pictures, in addition to a mass of other reading matter and illustrations relating to a variety of sub- jects. ?> Special articles on agricultural matten?, horse-racing, and sports and pas- times generally are contributed by expert*., and there is abundance of local news apart from ¿lie contributions.sent in by country correspondents, while on other liages will lie found the news of >the world in cou densed form. In the illustrated supple- ment, which this week consists ol eight pages, there are several excellent group, photographs, in which nearly every indivi- dual can be identified. The delegates to the Baptist Union and Churcli of Christ Conferences are represented in two pic- tures. The delegates to the United Labor Piirty Conference are sbown in a group with large photographs of the president and secretary at the t-ides. Tile staff oí the Railways Department at Port Pirie, the officers and others who were present on the occasion of the installation of Bro. Phillips as W.M. of the Masonic Lodge at Petersburg, and the members of the Local Government Association are seen in large photographs* One of the most successful pieces of work of the kind ever seen in the press shows the delegates to the. first con- ference in connection with the Liberal Union held in the Adelaide Town Hall last week. It occupies a full page, and all the faces.can be'recognised. There is a picture of the Dutch training ship Viking, and two pictures associated with the soldiers' memo- rial service held last Sunday. Four gene- rations of tlie Bradford family, of Monteith, near Murray Bridge, are. seen in a "small picture. Tbe Eastern Extension Telegraph Com- pany report», that the latest telegram from Adelaide which arrived in London up to 10 a.m. on September 20 was timed 5 p.m. on the same day. The time occupied in tran- sit was 1 hour 58 min. Tlie Trade Commissioner in London tele I graphed on September 19 to the Govern- : ment:-"Wheat market very dull. Liver- pool market-steadily held, but not active." A meeting of the Justices' Association wül be held on Thursday n-tKt Mr. James Gordon, S.M., will deliwr a le-cture. At 6 o'clock to-nieht the exhibition of Mr. Blamire Young's watercolors closes. Pictures from this collection have already ! been bourzht i>v the National Gallen" of i South Australia, and private buyers. In I the afternoons the callery ha» been crowded with visitors.  A WINTRY DAY. GALES AND RAIN. The weather on Friday was suggestive of winter. Throughout the morning pleas- ant conditions prevailed, although fairly strong breezes were blowing almost con- tinuously and the sky was obscured by clouds, the sun peeping through at inter- vals only. In the afternoon the clouds be- came more dense, and there was every an-1 pearance of rain, but it held off until even- ing, when a soaking shower fell shortly before 8 o'clock. It did not last long, but many people who were walking to the city from the suburbs were drenched. The tramcars were rushed at the street cor- ners, and the unexpectedly heavy traffic caused considerable inconvenience to pas- sengers, who were packed in the cars like! herrings in a tin. The showery conditions | lasted until a late hour. ME. WEAGG-E AGAH\T. ANOTHER PICTURESQUE FORE- CAST. During the afternoon Mr. Clement L. Wragge supplied us with the following prognostication of the weather:-"Im- primis, it is our duty to advise New Zea- land in unmistakable terms of the ap- proach of 'Pluto.* Dangerous weather is sure to be experienced along the entire west coast of the Dominion, under gales from between north-north-east, north, north-west, west, south-west, and south in turn, with hail and much rain. We pity the 'old man' hanging on to the weather rail in the Tasman Sea while tons of water sweep the decks amid the cackle of the fowls and the grunting of the pig, 'Den- nis,' with pea soup in the lee scuppers, and the majestic albatross sweeping around the surging blue wake. Yes. we can see it all. and picture it as vividly as though the body were actually haere. Some sailors will be running aft tor a gentle nip, pro- testing that they have the stomach ache, and get a dose of salts into the bargain. And when gradients ease off under the slowly advancing high pressures, up will go the'topsails to that grand old saltwater an tùem7Ranzo, boys, oh Raizo.' My word! but 'Pluto' will make things buzz properly between Tasmania and MaorilAnd. All New Zealand shipping is hereby warned. Glancing now at South Australia and ad- jacent waters, all that region between Cape Borda, Gabo, and Cape Raoul is un- der the influence of the aftermath of 'Pluto ; it is as though 'Proserpine' were hanging on to the mantle of- her dusky mate, with ter dirty skirts blown to lee- ward at che rate of Knots. But, as before intimated, the weather round Adelaide and, in South Australia generally will speedily become more settled as the high-pressure isobars surge eastward in rhythm under south-south-west winds, and these condi- tions will make easting, and the weather will improve before long in the south-east- ern States. 'Pluto' has cruelly affected New South Wales, just-as we said would happen. 'Agamemnon' is as surely -ap- proaching the, Jjeuwin as God made apples, and the.-probabilities of a coalition with Dimon' are todays more marked. Thus within four days Western Australia may expect nasty-weather »from between north-east, shifting north-west to south- west in turn, and Vessels bound towards the Indian Ocean will meet these condi- tions. »Thereafter- Adelaide's^ turn will come 'again, ' but we can only hope that 'Agamemnon' will not be quite so bad as 'Pluto,' and .there is a remote chance that he may sheer off into higher latitudes. There will be thunderstorms and charming displays of lightning in central Australia, Queensland, and the north-western portion oí New South Wales, and *Dimon' will in tensify»these factors-later.on. .Matters, arc. now suspicious north and, north-east from Rockhampton, and &lt;?, Brisbane. will, experi- ence blustering westerlies. We shaJL not be surprised to hear oi hurricanes over the western Pacific Islands.t, Altogether ¡t is a pretty''game of chess,' and.we watch the; developments, with the-.liveliest- . interest. .Proserpine^ the-wife of 'Pluto,* is, as it were, hanging on to him.' and will cause coastal rains and local squalls from be tween west-south-west and south ere the finer high pressures hold sway. Thereafter comes 'Agamemnon.'» The worst,tfeatures of all'wül be-over, the« Tasman-Sea and I New Zealand-under-'Pluto.'"tj ,, T THE' OFFICIAL REPOBT.c»« The Governmept Mcteorologisfc.'reported last night:-"Stormy weather bas been »ex- perienced.« «throughout this /-State ito-day, giving tbe »-impression that j winter is al- ready making successful onslaughts upon the dying summer. Showere.were reported from several stations, the highest amounts up to 3 pjn. being l8 »points at Gare and Mount Gambier. Aift, Adelaide, although very threatening, little orno; rain fell until the evening, when 8,paint« were registered between 7.30 »pan. and,;9 pjn. «.^Tempera- tures were generally« law,-being mainly in the .sixties; or lower seventies,-and at Ade* Jaide« the* maximum ehade reading was 72*8 degrees. Under the> influence of cold sontb wésterlies tbe reading, at 9 p.m. bad been reducedrto »57.- degrees, t Friday's weather chart.indicates that.«a cyclonic influence of considerables-energy -still operates.« over SoutK-Eastern Australia, and, althougb»be* coming lese intense, is continually being re- inforced byjow pressure waves. , At« pre- sent this system shows _no« promise of de- parture, though, ,of. course, when it does start -t¿> move eastwards it may gb sud- denly, ?» as ,i these .storms,» after -, centring round Tasmania for a while, often do, and, its passage will allow the-high, which; at present is stagnating over the Bight and causipg»-warm weather in the , western State, to move over this« State and-bring finer and more'settled conditions. For the present we may, t therefore, expect further, showers over the central and southern dis 'tncts, with «continued fresh to strong sputa-westerly .winds.'' , t A SIWEBË GTÂJJE. BUILDINGS UNROOFED.S '* Sydney, "Man* 14. . A westerly gale has been blowing all day, and'in places damage4'was dope to build- ings. At Newcastle several sheds », Were unroofed, and at Cook's Hill the roof of a timber yard was blown on to the trato] bne.-,-_ ^ I  WEAGGE AND WEATHER ADVICE, AND. FORECAST. LOOK OUT FOR ULYSSES. Petersburg, April 1. Mr. Clement Wragge issued this1 ft iCast to-day:-, ^ " Y > ,*,:, ", "Having just one spare evening'" inv". the quiet of our, bedroom, surrounded by cyclone of papers, instruments, literature scattered all over the floos, I have de- termined to utilise it by having a general look round upon the impending weather Conditions of Australasia. Imprimis, the great Antarctic ' disturbance nanv-'d 'Ulysses' is about 500 miles .south-west from Albany. That he looks vicious is to put it mildly. * Within the time assigned in my forecast published on March' ' 27 he will influence the area of the Great Bight and sweep thereafter in majesty towards the eastern States. Hin eastern umbra is. however, running a day late, having been blocked by the western iso- bars of the high pressures which acted much as the cushion of a billiard table repels the bali. 'Ulysses' will mainly operate' between the parallels of 37 and 50 degrees, but his eastern and northern edges will cause warmer weather in South Australia, under winds from batween north- east, north, north-west, and west, with occasional nasty local blows and foxy dust spinnies, by which bats will go flying to leeward and opportunities occur for snap- shots in the streets. These conditiona will also affect Victoria, Tasmania, and southern New South Wales in turn as the disturbance passes eastward, and thereafter the winds will shift to south-west and south, followed in course « generally bv more bleak weather and rain as the baro- meters begin to rise again. Svdney and the region thence to Gabo, Hobart, and Melbourne will get another good 'doing' before twelve days from this date have elapsed, and thus ample warning is given to passengers and shipping. 'Ulysses' will reach New Zealand before April 15, ind he, is expected to renew the floods and Tains in the South Island and elsewhere. Thus the Dominion is warned. The wes- tern half OÏ" 'Agamemnon' caused the re- cent 'deluge- south from Dunedin and the bael-weather in Cooks Strait, and even yet this lastnatned disturbance has not ceased to influence Maoriland. "Surveying now the far north-west, the monsoon named 'Anan' (having - already caused heavy rain and a lot of bdlher north from Geraldton) is still1 much'in evidence. Local willy-willies are,yet likely under ibis ¿way and shipping in those paria cannot be too, careful. Later on 'Anan' will push his .way inland and .cause a renewal &lt;"f muggy swelter, especially in the northen parts of South Australia, with probable electric storms. Queensland will enjoy «arming'weather and we see nothing at present to threaten that State. ."One last ,«la&lt;tce at 'Ulvsses' because we are immediately concerned in his advent Remember, good people, he is coming and is bound to affect you more or less. Not onlv so. He will probablv be followed by a satellite or loop' named 'Sinon.' after the perjurer of tbe Trojan war. with a lot of coastal rains. So April will witness a merry time, and tho=e in harmony with Nature will relith it like a mollyhawk eu joying titbit« from the pantrv. Pax v&lt;> biscum! Let readers study Virgil and the Iliad of Homer." _  NO RAIN. AN TJNFAVO____BLE OFT LOOK. j The -eenest d__*&lt;_r>-î_t_-ïnfc will bf* felt | ! on every hand at the news that the pro- mise of rain contained in Thursd-y even- j ing's weather report« is not to be fulfill.'d i for tlie present at all event». Ai an eariy hour on Friday the atmospheric conditions ««eeraed to «Jestrov the hope, and as the day wore on gustv northerly winds set in. i driving clouds of dust over the city etr»_*_ ¡ The position became so bad that it wa-s found niKessary to order out the water car_; to sprinkle th« principal thorough- fare«*-- most unusual proceeding at this time of the .year. Throughout th" day the hill« Avcre enveloped in a thick dust haze, which entirely excluded then, from view, and in localities where there wat, heavy traffic tbe dust was quite as bad as in tiie middle of summer. Reports from all parts of the. country tell 1 of auxiety on the part of the produc-cri owing to the prolonjred absence of rain. Al- ready the pastoral industry has been se riouslv affected, and if rain does not come soon the agricultural operations for this vear will not be so successful' as has been the case durrng recent years, in districts . where lambing is in progress it has been ' found necessary to kill the lambs in order j to save the ewes. There ia an entire a«V sence of feed in nearly all agricultural and Lastoral districts, and the outlook has not been more ¡serious' for many years. Wnere . dairying operations are carried on there has been a great reduction in the yield of muk. In the city and su'ourbs dairymen are feeling the pinch, as iuppiies are run- ning short, and it is excccd.ngly difficult to provide sufficient for all reliar cus-' . ton» ers. . Tor the general weif are of the j State it is much to be hoped that a soaking general rain will .be recorded before many days are over. If not there is every pro- bability that »Mr. Wragge's pied-'ct.on of a hard winter tvill be realised to the full. The weather officer reported at noon »»n Friday-"South Australia seems doomed to disappointment, for conditions this morn- ing point to another failure of the atmtis pherk pressure conditions to bring general ! rain over this State. The chart shows that a rapid change has taken place «nee I yesterdav", the mon«oonal influence being absorbed by a southern low, and the com- bination has been forced southward by another energetic anti-cyclone whi:_ has nushtd in from the ivest coast of Western Australia. This system has extended as far as Eucla, and hitrh pressure conditions still existinz over tlie eastern States the depression is beine forced awav south, t-o that indications now are only for show?ry wealicr over the southern districts, with fresh westerly winds.'' ' The 9 p.m. report stated:-"Except for the far Avcstern districts, where cool j sonth-ire-t winds were blowin". warm ' and unpleasant weather has been experi- enced over thi- State to-day. Temperatures Avere generally over 70 «leg., and the highest shade reading was recorded at Adelaide, viz., 77.8 deg. From later reports condi- tions do not show any improvement in the Avay of bringing a good rain over South Australia, though before the disturbed at .mosphere can become more settled ive may expect some showers over the southern i districts." I WHYTE-YARCOWIE. May 16.-Feed is1 scarce in the paddocks, but most fanu?r-> have sufficient hay to last them through the winter. That they have sufficient in due to the fact that the severe frosts '.'* November compelled many farmers to cut moie of their crop« for hay than they other- wise vyou'd have done. Many lambs, how-j ever, have died. At present the ew«s arei liying chiefly on «eeds. Horses have de pi eciated about 20 peT cent, all round in value, n-hile store cattle and sheep are al- most un-talcablt*. In some instances far- mers are resoiting to artificial feeding of sheep, uring chaffed straw and molasses, i Tlie area under wheat Avili be quite equal ' to la«t year, but seeding operations ara ' somewhat retarded owing" to the dry wei- ther. Nearly all the dams are drv, and the «"cai-city of water for household pur I poses is becoming alarming. Each day ibe weather map jof "The Advertiser'- is eagerly scanned bv anxious residents.' . ¡ WAURALTEE, Mav 15.-Owing lo the long spell of dry weather water is scarce. Mauy peorle ate cart'ng from the sand- ' hills and Mount Rat wells. Should the rain hold off another fortnight the lambing «?easor« will be a poor one. Seeding is in full swinr-. Today a heavy north wind i blew, and there is indication of a good I downpour. - " . THE MAY KAINFALL. AVERAGES AND CONTRAST-. The average rainfall for May at tho chief centres in South Australia reg stered over a long period of years is as follows, the figures being compiled from the useful volume of fitatá-tics published bv Elder, Smith. & Co.: - Place. . Years. Avg. in. Balaklava. 28 1.S3 Bordertown . 27 2X0 Burra. 4P l.PS Crvftal Brook .'.27 1.5S .Glacktone. 20 1.40 Jamestown. 30 1 .«25 Kapunda. -16 2. JO Maitland. 28 _-R Mount Barker. 46 3A~ Mount Gambier .. .. 43 3. IS Millicent. 30 3.10 Orroroo.,14 ISO Port Lincoln. 41 2.51 Port Augusta. 47 LOS Broken Hill. 17 061 Wentworth . 38 1.28 Riverton. ,11 2.24 Snowtown. 27 1.65 I Wallaroo. 41 1.R2 j Wilmington. 28 2.22 Adelaide.-.. .. .ïl 2.74 1 Mallala.24 1.7» Roseworthy. 21 1.45 Hawker.28 1.34 Quorn. 27 hot Hammond. 21 - 0.C6 Booleroo. -5 1-H Port Germein.26 1.55 Port Broughton.24 1.40 'Bute.23 1.50 Laura. 23 1.68 Blyth. 27 1.75 Auburn.43 ? 2.74 Port Wakefield.5M 1.61 Terowie.26 1.13 Hallett. 27 1.51 Saddleworth. .10 2.10 Hamley Bridge.24 1.S0 Fretting.24" 1.57 Angaston. 26 1.01 Willunga. 46 3.33 Yankalilla.40 3.69 Mount Pleasant.32 2.72 Wellington.25 1.52 Murrav Bridge.22 1_S "Mannum. .**- 1.24 Morgan.20 1.0*. Mannahill. 21 0.78 Port Elliston.28 1.97 1 Tumby. 1" L61 . Cowell. 24 1.30 ¡«ircen's Plains. 23 ISO CiiiTamulka.23 2.00 Yorketown. 30 2.14 Edithburgh.35 2.07 I Meningie. 46 2.29 Reachport. 23 3.09 Frances ...'20 2.15 . Narracoorte. 42 "_-13 , L-etndale. »10 2.3S ' Penola. 49 Í.94 Carrieton. 27 1.3-«. Eurelia.28 1.40 Petorsburg. 29 1.26 , Strcakv Rnv. 32 J->1 1 Wirrabara.33 2.09 ¡ Greenock. 28 2.11 ' Lameroo. 10 1.75 Kingscoto. 33 2.57 , Great Fluctuations. ' The fluctuations in the fall for May in tlie vaiiou» centres arc very great, as the fol- lowing exomplc» will show, the year being given in parentheses in each cast?: Lottf»t. Hinhe-t B-laklava .. .. 0.21 (1891. 5ßZ (1883) Ci-vstal Brook .. ÔM OS92« S_!l (1S93. .Tamest-u-a .... 0.2g (1,102) .ï.27 (lSf/.l) Kni.i»nd.i. 0.34 (18951 607 ("""-Si Maitland. 0 3&lt;. n»5in 6.90 (1-S41 ¡ Mount Harker .. 0.56 (1S91, 8.07 (18841 ! Militent. 0.00 Í18901 6.73 nS9.i, Port Lincoln .. n.70 flfi-li 5.18 ?I«»-.',. Wilir«inc*ot» .. .. 0.-G (1 ««..-ii 8.76 f 18841 Adelaide.0.20 d!»i>li 4 09 |lSg71 Quern. Nil (1891) 60- US«) Rlvth. O.Ifi nitWl 625 (lR-Sl Port Elliston '.. 0-67 (1S951 S 44 .îS*»?*i  A GOOD GENERAL RAIN. AGRICULTURAL AREAS BENEFITED. Whether as "Lisbeth," to quote Mr. Cle- ment Wragge, or merely as a "depression," using the language adopted by the Com- monwealth weather officials, the steady rain that fell on Friday night over the agricul- tural areas of South Australia will be re- ? .nembered as the turn in the tide of this . State's agricultural outlook, which has been anything but promising for some months past. The fall, generally speaking, was light in character, but following the ebowere earlier in the week, it will be suf- ficient to give the grain a fair start, and should further winter rains be experiericed, the agricultural position should be re- covered to some extent. Reports from various country centres are now of a more encouraging nature, and as the long spell of dry weather has at last broken, it is hoped more rain will be experienced a* an early date. Nearly all stations had half an inch The weather office report on Saturday .wa« as follow«:-"Cold, fresh weather is general throughout the State this morning, and over parts of the southern districts light showers oc- curred. The rainfall reported at 8 o'clock was/on the whole, of a very useful charac- ter. _ Falls were' recorded at practically all stations south of Blinman, varying from a few points at some upper northern places to l18 at Mount Pleasant. On Yorke Peninsula the best rain was at Stansbury, where 60 points were registered. At Moonta the gauge showed 50 pointe. In the Pinnaroo country the falls Varied from 25 points to about 40 points, while in the middle north the average was upwards of 30 points. At Millicent 60 points, and at Mount¿. Gam- bier l8 points were recorded. Barometern are now rapidly rising under the approach of a large high-pressure system, which wa* yesterday shown pushing in over the wes- tern State." . -Further light showers were recorded over 'the greater part . of the central and southern parts of the State on Saturday, annny .stations reporting from 2 «io r7 point« up to 3 p.m., and light scattered showers fell over the southern districts on Sunday morning, but finer conditions ex- tended from the west and north quickly, and the greater part of the day on Sunday was fine and fresh. To the westward, iver. Western Australia, a large anti-cyclone prevails, and this system has made good progress eastwards, the barometer at Ade- laide having risen from 29.58 in. on Friday afternoon to, 30.45 in. on Sunday after- noon, or nearly nine-tenths ' of an inch. This Is rather unusual. . The Government I Meteorologist says that 'anti-cyclonic con- ditions .are liKely to prevail during tne next few days, with probably a misty shower or two, and a return to frosty weather 'shortly. ?»*'-, - . "^REPORTS FROM THE . -\ COTJiNTRY. ,i. * ' . ' y» ^BEST RAIN THIS YEAR. . .1 . Laura, July 10. . A. splendid downpour set in last night, j and .continued this morning, over half an ¡rich', having fallen, with every prospect of more.'.. This is the best rain we have had .for'jthe year, and folio-wing on tbo nice rain of last Wednesday, should give every- thing a good start. Wheat is coming np on most farms, and there will not be so much need for resowing as was at first .wnticinated. , > ' ? ' f$OW AT BELALIE NORTH. Î Belalie North, July 19. rfteady rain set in last night, with strong winds from a westerly direction, followed by a snowstorm early this morning, cover- ing the ground a couple of inches. At half past 10 snow was still lying in sheltered ppotc. > About 40 point» of rain fell. (This js the best rain in the district for this «ea- t-on. Not tinea 1886 has a winter been knptrjn-'to JjpW^V^'y^dr^'asithe'-ptreiwnt' one.- Up(till-yesterday there had not been sufficient rain to start the wheat, although. it had come np in patches without any rain since it was sown.-,. One-remarkable; '. feature is a Email paddock of about 12 acres which is well up, and stands about 6 in. high and apparently thick enough for a good crop. 'Since this crop was sown the rainfall up till to-day had not exceeded 40 pointu, and in'one fall it had not ex- ceeded l8 points. Many paddocks are* a» ba&lt;> as the day they were sown, and "thing«»/ in general until to-day looked , anything but promising. .Many far- mers were Water-carting. The frosts have killed many plante "that had not been known to-ba injured by it before. Even gum trees have been stripped of their green foliage. Frosts h^tve been " on the «round for three days before melting. Lambfl are having a bad time. Some far- mers had to destroy them in order to save the ewes. Horses arc being sent to other districts. It ia feared that^mnch of the . wheat has malted: some of it has been town for four months. * CROPS ON THE MURRAY. Kingston-on-Murrayt July l8. The much-needed rain has just set in, md looks likely for a good downpour. But . it has been» threatening so often that we mnnot be sure until we have had it. 'The crop« around here are looking wonderful considering the dry spell. Feed out back -from here is plentiful. J " - &lt;.- WATER-CARTING ATBBA. ' * Eba, 'July IB., Some rough weather was ex- perienced here last night with a few K fhowct«, but not sofficicnt to make water run into dams, most of which are dry. Water-carting is being steadily carried on; SHOWERS AT PINNAROO. Pinnaroo, July 19. V ,Good shower» fell last night. Forty-nine points were registered during the last three days. RAEN AT CUMMINS. Cnmmins. July 10. Ninety-five points of rain fell here this week. It is still showery. RAIN AND SNOW AT PETERSBURG. Petersburg, July 19. After a iew days of dusty weather heavy fain set in last night, but did not continue long. The wind was strong, and thowersifell duringthe night. This morn- ing there were further showers from thï west, followed by a good fall of snow. Alro ..jtcther 27 points of rain were registered. The agricultural prospects are brighter, though many householders have still only email supplies of rainwater. FEATHERED METEOROLOGISTS. j Huddleston, July 19. ' It is behaved that «onie birds can at ames accurately predict the advent of rain. A resident here has-on many oeea rione. predicted the coming of rain, two days ahead, by observing the actions of a locally rare specimen of the feathered tribe which twitters and dances merrily round his residence about 4S hours before rain. The resident states that the bird has never yet failed him. _ Another case of the ordinary blackbird- or shepherd's com- panion telling of oncoming showers is on record. This bird pecks at the window all day long prior to a rainfall of any note. Unfortunately, however, thw latter bird has not proved so reliable as the first, as on one occasion rain failed to come after his prediction. Twenty-three points of rain wore registered on Tuesday night, three on Wednesday night, and six on .Sunday night. This ehould bring up'all fhe later sown wheat. Last season, with less than normal rainfall, the country round here returned au average of 19 bushels per acre, whilst during the exceîsiTely wet 6eaion.« the average was only about 13 bushels. EARLY-SOWN CROPS PROMISING. Wallaroo, July 19. .Acceptable rains have again fallen and will, dw sreat good to the wheat and bring on the feed, which is short. Tne early-sown crops in sandy land« are mon promising. TRURO. July 20.-Heavy showers of rain fell here yesterday and again last night. Eighty-one points were registered. The drought is broken up, and the water diihcultv in the town is ended. COLTON, July 20.-Magnificent rains fell yesterday and last ui-^ht. Shower» fell ¿gain to-iiay.  THE KOOMBANA. STILL NO NEWS. ? Fremantle, April ,1. There is still no news of the Koombana, which is now 11 days' overdue at Broome. In compliance with requests made by the public, the Government have held up the Bullarra at Broome and have commissioned her to prepare and provision for a search^ cruise over the known track of the cyclone,' which -plan of search has been laid off by nautical experts at Broome, men who are experienced in cyclones. The Bullarra has been instructed to report qt Cossack on April 8. The Adelaide Steamship Company have agreed to contribute one-third of the total-cost incurred in despatching the Bul- larra for this work. THE ENDEAVOR MISSION. . THE MINISTER EXPLAINS. Melbourne, April 1.' Replying to-day to criticisms ottered in South Australia on the employment of the Federal trawler to search for the Koom- bana, Mr. Tudor, Minister of , Customs, said if the Federal Government had re- fused to send the Endeavor they would have left themselves open to more severe censure. 'The Western Australian Go- vernment had originally suggesteel that a warship might be sent, but as the trawler was nearer the scene of the supposed disaster he thought it would be better to send the latter vessel. Later on Satur- day afternoon another telegram was re- ceived from the Western Australian Pre- mier, setting out that the Bullara had re- turned to Broome, but had found no trace of the steamer; that several luggers had also put in to Port Hedland after unsuc- cessful searches; and stating that the Government would be glad if the En- deavour., could be dispatched immediately to make an exhaustive search. It was also mentioned that the Government had sent out the steamer Una from Geraldton pro . visioned for six weeks. He accordingly gave instructions that the trawler should be hurried to the scene. She would go out from the mainland to make a tooronga search of the islands for any trace of .sur- vivors. "This was the best we could do," added Mr. Tudor, "and we have done it." STORM WARNINGS. 1 To the Editor. Sir-.Tost' allow me to say in simple jus- tice' that if the Central Weather Bureau, Brisbane, had been in existence, the an- nual vote for winch did not exceed £1,500 per annum, three days warning at least would .have been given of the recent cyc- lone off the north-west coast of Australia. -I nm. &C-, CLEMENT L. WRAGG-E. Chiltern, Victoria, March 29, 1912.  . DUST AND RAH... FURTHER SHOWERS HOPED FOR. / The rain which began to fall late on .Wednesday afternoon cleared the air of ' the dust which a strong northerly, wind/ bad been stirring up vigorously all day, and was verv welcome on that account. (Whether it will do much good to the agri erriltural arcas is problematical, but the I forecast ie to some extent hopeful. The I Government Meteorologist at 0 o'clock last ¡ night said: "The light raiu which jet in at about 3.45 p".nu continued steadily for three hours, during which 029 points were registered at tile Observatory. This morning's wea- ther bulletin showed that light to mode- rate showers had occurred in the lower South-East during the twenty-four hour? ending 830 a.m., the heaviest registration being 0.70 points, Cape Northumberland. Splendid general rains» were reported this morning from Western Australia, some of the inland «wittons benefiting to the ex- tent of more than an inch. The weather . ¿hart indicates the presence of an ener- getic cyclonic disturbance centred south o£ this State. This low has been re- sponsible for the northerly wind circula- tion" over this State. The system has moved rapidly eastward, with its centre ' well to the southward. It passed the meridian of Adelaide at 2.15 p.m., when the barometer-reading was 29.37 in. Since ' tnat horn* the barometer has been steadily rising, and the wind .has been blowing from the westward. The .3 p.m. reports thowed that light rain had pet in at Streaky Bay and Tumby Bay, on the West Coast, ' and that rain was falling in the lower South-East of this State, but the disturb- ance ia not situated in a position favor- able for heavy general rains in South "Ana-, tralia. There is sufficient difference of pressure to the westward, however, to ensure the showers produced by the cold westerly1 winds, and these shonld extend over the agricultural areas, and be very useful.in character. Squally> conditions are likely along the coast, and showers will in places'be accompanied by thunder and hail storms.'' -. /-URSUS TO THE RESCUE." Mr. Clement Wragge has supplied us irith> the 'following special advice, dated , Kalangadoo, August 6:-The leg3 and feet »f the great Antarctic disturbance ' named Ursus are still operating, and they are " pretty, stalwart again. We tell, farmfjrs that Ursns'will eave the harvest, and Eunice and Betrohius should ensure' it. The'"eastern States will especially betaf-' Eected.- * Í *' , '' * . . , Balhannah, August v 6. , , 'Um»" lae arrived here, bringing ' with,- him á ' ven-/ strong wind from the , north.,-i Although heavy rains fell 'here on Monday, a severe duStstorm is rag- ing here to-day. cxoojrê h THE WEST: t ) RAÍLWAY WASHAWAYS Perth, August 6. , v itailway washaway* vhave occurred in Ihe southwest as the result of heavj rajns, apd at one point near ¿Tambellup, on the Albany line, a gooda train, consist- ing of an engine and 12 trucks, is reported -to have left the line and ploughed into the flooded country, A breakdown gang nargon« to the tcene.of the derailment. tbîBEE AND A HALF INCHES THIS % MONTH , ' * .. 'Perth, August 0. j Heavy falls of ram have bean re "» coràécr1^ throughout the sooth-west, a»a**í¿ooa i* .ioTlWpoür&lt;r^ '7\ot&* lafeett plaie ï over tbe^ wheat . belts of thb easternJ midland districts. In the country nearly 150 -points fell between last evening and eight this moraine;, bringing /the total since the beginning of tho month up to over 31 in , t " ------- i  THE WEATHER. FURTHER SHOWERS PROMISED. The Government Meteorologist reported on Friday morning:-'The Antarctic dis- turbance noted yesterday to the south oi Albany made rapid progress during the last 24 hours, and is shown on to-day's chart centered south of Kangaroo Island. Under its influence clouds quickly gathered early this morning, and at 8.30 &.m. abo weather, except in the east, was threaten- ing in South Australia, and light rain had «?« in over the greater part of Yorke Peninsula, on the west Ceast, and in scat- tered places in the lower northern and central agricultural areas. In those dis- tricts light rain was recorded. Cowell re- ceived 12 points and Green'6 Plains and Maitland 10 points. ELscrwhere the falls were lower. Over Western Australia the barometers have risen considerably since yesterday, and an anti-cyclone now coven mest of-that State. As this system niov.» eastward it will bring cold south-westerly winds on its advancing side. s*> that' dur- ing the next day or two we may expect unsettled, showery weather in the agri- cultural area», with winds veering to cold and squally south-westerlies, while along the coast stormy conditions will prevail. The rains are likely to be heaviest, as in the previous instance, over the southern districts, especially the Mount Lofty Banges and the South-East. The baro- meter at Adelaide at midday was showing 2fi.70 in., and it is interesting to note that this is the lowest air pressure since about the middle of March." The 9 p.m. report stated:-"Cloudy and unsettled weather hecame general through- out this State to-day and extended as far to the north-east as Broken Hill, where light rain was falling at 3 p.m. Other sta- tions to report rain up te that time were Blinman and Orroroo, 2 paints each; Clare and Snowtown, 12 pointe each; Strath- albyn, 2 points; and Cape Northumber- land. 12 points. At Adelaide light rain fell for a while after 9 a.m., 3 points being registered at the Observatory. The weather became finer, however, and remained so, though rather squally, until late in the afternoon, when, soon after 4 p.m., a thunderstorm, with heavy rain, occurred, and further showers fell during the even- ing, making a total rainfall from 9 a.m. to £> p.m. of 13 points. The disturbance which is now affecting this State is .the most marked since March, the barometer at Adelaide on Friday afternoon falling to 29.58 in. To the westward, the very ener- getic anticyclone is pushing in rapidly, so that we may cxpect squally westerly winds, with further showers, chiefly over the southern districts." MR. WBAGGE SANGUINE. Mr. Clement Wragge has supplied ns with the following advice:-'The western half of the main disturbance 'Lis bet*' is steadily approaching; and the rains will probably largely benefit all agricultural areas. It is all the one system. Ship- ping is warned of the heavy weather travelling eastwards. The eastern Stetes are advised." , ' ' . , , i, " - BAIN AT PARILLA. The following telegram was received in Adelaide on Friday afternoon by Mr. J. Entwistle from Parilla:-"Cloud-burst oc-1 curred here to-day. Kain is falling stead-1 fly;'likely to continue." I GOOD FALLS IN THE WEST. . I . Perth, July l8. The rainy conditions which prevailed over the south-western' portion of the State on Wednesday continued yesterday, when good falls were recorded^ A feature of yesterday's rain was that the dry wheat-growing districts, east of Kellerber- rin, .participated.  ,A NOVEL EXPEBIENCE.1 WATERPROOFS AND UM- BRELLAS NECESSARY A GEXEEAL BAIX. FURTHER DEPRESSION COMLNG UP. For several weeks the sky baa re- peatedly been hidden by thick ram laden clouds, which threatened to burst over all parts of the State, but until Tuesday evening the people had not had occasion to resort to waterproofs and umbrellas for protection, although what is usually one of the wettest months of the year had half gone. Only bght showers fell on Tuesday night, and on Wednesday showers were experienced at intervals, and the fails though light were of a soaking descrip- tion, so that both umbrellas and rain cloaks were called into service. ín the evening the downpours were light and intermittent, and every drop that fell soon disappeared in the thirsty soil. The Government Meteorologist 'repor- ted on Wednesday morning:-"Kain, has fallen generally over the agri- cultural areas, due to the An- tarctic disturbance which yesterday covered elie State. The falls, however, with the exception of the Mount Lofty Ranges and parts of the south coast, have been only light in character, and in most places the quantity received was less than a quarcer of an inch. Over the upper northern areas the heaviest were "22 points at Wilmington and 19 points at Quorn. Elsewhere the average was about 10 points. In the lower north some of the falls were slightly heavier, and exceeded a quarter of an inch, Snowtown, with 34 points, having had the maximum. Other useful totals were 31 points at Bute, 29 at Cryecal Brook. 28 at Redhill, and 25 at Narridy and Watervale. On Yorke Peninsula also a few Btations registered about a quarter of an inch. The highest gauging was 31 points at Green's PJains. and Stansbury had 30 points. Port Lin- coln and White Well on the west coast, received 26 and 24 points respectively, but otherwise the precipitation was only light. On the Adelaide Plains and in the county of Light no places recorded, as much as ,2A po'ints. Mallala and Hamley Bridge, with 22 points, were tue most favored. Over the Mount Lofty Ranges the rain was patchy, but some moderately heavy falls, exceeding 75 points, were gauged. The highest were at 'Woodside and Hahn- dorf, which obtained 91 points each. Meadows registered 83 points. On the Murray Flats and along the Murray Val- ley only a few scattered showers were ex- perienced. In the soutn-eastern areas aleo the precipitation was only light. Lameroo and Cape Northumberland^ with 30 poincc, and Narracoorte» with 29 point-«, were the only towns which gauged more than a quarter of an inch." The disturbance is still noted this morning to the south of Cape Northum- berland, and further showers are likely during the next 24 hours, chiefly confined to the southern and south-eastern dis- trict. High-pressure conditions are ap- proaching the northern parts o? the State, and the weather there will soon be- come fine. But another low-pressure wave is noted south of 'Western Austra- lia, and should bring more unsettled weather over South, Australia- in a few dayl." ' The 9 P-ui. report stated:-"Except on the far West Coast, wljere it was clear, skies were more or less cloudy fo-day, and over the central and southern districts more showers fell. Between 8.30 a.m. arid 3 p.m. Mount Gambier .received another 30 points.^ Stirling West 25 points. Cape Northumberland 15 points, and Clare 1 point. In the city several showers fell in the afternoon, and up till ,9 p.m. an additional 7 pc¿ntsi were registered. The barometers have risen "everywhere in South Australia, showing* that the,-¡aati-cyclone noted on r the chart, centred to the north of'the Bight is advaifirâng eastward- Under1 its influence the weather may be expected to become"fine, but not for long,~as another' rain disturbance is approaching"'the, south- west corner of the continent, and should in the course of a few days bring more un- settled weather and rain in this_ State." A GOOD WORD FOR LISBETH. Lost night Mr. dement Wragge stated: -"The Antarctic - disturbance, ' Lisbeth, non»* "iretehes continuously fronv the South Indian Ocean,_ across the Soutàiern, Ocean, right' to Tasmania, *and the low-pressure wives off Albanv merely constitute her western side. Lisbeth wfll continue t» in- fluence South Australia for at least two days, and will doubtless caifce more inter- mittent rain over the agricultural areas. We are not saying that the falls will be heavy, but sufficient to cause a temporary or îutPTvening break in the 'drought.' Thst the rain -will produce incalculable good everyone "wdll admit,, and to com- memorate .this blessing farmers might christen their unbaptised daughters by the name Lisbeth. It is soft and eupho- nious,' and will cling to -the tongue like thç"sive&lt;*test nrotar. Aá'-already" advised, the "eastern States -vviH get" her too."  GENERAL NEWS. GOOD FRIDAY. The holiday spirit was abroad in Ade- laide on Good Friday, but not boisterously. Crowds left the city for the country and the seaside, and many visitors arrived "to stay over the Easter holiday-.." In the city the streets wore a Sunday-like aspect, except that the cars ran as usual. Special services were he'id in churches of all de- nomination.«*. In the evening a special mis- sion service wais conducted at the lung's Theatre. The speakers were the Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Rutter Thomas), Canon Hornabrook, and the Rev. W. Wragge. At the various picture theatres special pro- grammes were presented, and "The Dan- dies'' gave a sacred concert instead of their USURÏ performance. In accordance with Act of Parliament the hotels remained closed on Friday. MR. KINGSTON IN OILS: A BAD PORTRAIT. Some life-size portraits in oils have lately been placed in Queen's Hall, Federal Parliament Houses, Melbourne. They in- clude Sir Henry Parkes, an admirable like- ness; Sir Samuel Griffith, very good; Sir Edmund 'Barton, also good; Mr. Andrew Fisher, really excellent,; and Mr. Kingston, just about as bad as it could be. It really hard to believe that it is intended for Mr.' Kingston. It ' is not surprising that some members of. the Federal Parlia- ment, personal .friends, did not know who j the. portrait,was supposed to represent. A leading Melbourne paper described it as a portrait of, Lord Tennyson. The writer of the paragraph probably knew Mr. Kingston and did not know Lord Tenny- son. The portrait should be withdrawn at once. It would be better to have none than such a grotesque caricature. There is nothing in it characteristic of the de- ceased statesman. The shape of the head is absurdly wrong, and the entire pose of the figure is ridiculous. The Eng- lish sculptor, Mr. Drury. R.A., has pro- duced a statue of Mr. Kingston with the likeness so good that a former Ministerial colleague when lie saw it the other day in London was, he says, so impressed that he spontaneously raised his hat in recognition of his old friend. If such ex- cellent work can be done in bronze there ought to be no difficulty in producing the same result oh canvas, especially when it is remembered that there are any number of good photographs available to aid the artist. In any case the picture now on view iu the Queen's Hall should be forth- with withdrawn, from public exhibition. RECKLESS MOTORISI*. It is a common complaint against a certain class of motorists that they en- danger the lives of people waiting to board tramcars. A case in point occurred at 6.30 p.m. on Good Friday at the inter- section of South-terrace and Hutt-street At this place, as in the case of many others, intending tram travellers are obliged to stand near the tram line, be- cause if they remained on the footpaths they would probably, owing to Cue short delays ot stopprng places, be left lament- ing. There is *an obligation, therefore, on the part of motorists, as well as on the part of the public, to be careful at such dangerous places. On Friday night, however, a motor car, running very silently, dashed past the South-terrace cerner just aa a tramear pulled up. The motorist, travelling at an excessive speed, left barely enough room between his car and the tramear for the passengers to board the latter, and when they had done so they were exceedingly pleased that they had not been standing a foot further from the tramline when the motor j dashed past. TTSITLN-G BOWLEß-S. Nineteen members of the Ballarat Central Bowling Club and 'two ladies arrived in Ade-atde by the Melbourne ex- press on Good Friday morning on a visit to tlie Adelaide Oval Bowling Club. Ofii eialä of the Adelaide club met them at the station, and the visitors were driven to the Grand Central 'Hotel, where an informal function in the nature of a reception was held. The president of the Adelaide ciub. "Mr. A. -M. I'ettinger. wel- comed the visitors and expressed the hope that it would be iu the power of his club to iepav in sonic measure tho kindness and hospitality its members received at tho hands of the Ballaiai. club when they la-st visited that eily. The president of the visiting olub (Air. A. !.. Bickan.) ¡e sponded, and expressed the pleasure he and his fellow-clubmen felt at -ocinü again in Adelaide :o ..vnew old fricrnJohips. Tircv hoped they would ù>c able to carry away Uie challenge shield presented by "iii. G. M. Evan, but whether they won or lost, they were certain co have a good time. During the afternoon the visitors and their hosts played a game of bowl'*, at the ovtvl rink. ! THE WEATHER, Tlie Observatory authorities reported on Frsday art 9 p.m.:-The weather conditions throughout South Australia to-day have been in marked contrast to the sultriness of Thursday. During the night the dis- turbance which Thursday's weather chart depicted over the Bight passed Adelaide and the wind veered to squally south-wes- terly. The strong south-westerly w-nds freshened the conditions remarkably, and although the sky was cloudy at times no rain occurred in the city, except a light shower in the early morning. The tem- perature at the Obsc-rvatory ranged be- tween a minimum of 61.2 deg. and a maxi- mum of 70.8 deg. The Adelaide barometer has been rising all day under the influence of the large "high," whidi pushed in so rapidly, and the reports to hand show chat the anti-cyclone is maintaining its energy,' so that further line cool weather with fresh roitth-westerly winds may be expected, al- though some light showers are likely to occur along the south and south-east ooai-tä*. The forecast is:-"Except for a few licht coastal showers, generally fine, with cool west to south winds. Squally, but moderating on the south and south-east coasts."' NORFOLK ISLAND. The romantic history of Norfolk Island, which formed the subject of an Act passed by the Federal Parliament last session, at- tracted much attention to the measure, which sanctioned the transference of its control from rho State oi New South Wales to the Commonwealth. The Minis- ter of External Affairs (Hon. P. McM. Glynn. K.C.) was asked on his return to Adelaide on Thursday what 'the present position w.-is with regard to this (ransfe*, arid he said he expected at any moment an announcement that the Order in Coun eil had been issued by the Imperial Gov- ernment vesting the island in the Com- monwealth, in accordance with the Federal Act. All that would toen remain would bo to make the neees-iary arrangements with the Governor ol' New South Wales (Sir Gerald Strickland) for fixing a day on which the Commonwealth proclamation shall be issued bringing in:o force, the pro- visions of the Act. This Till probably by done within the next six weeks or two months. AU matters incidental to :hc transfer arc now being prepared. PLAYING- ROOM FOR SCHOOL i CHILDREN. _A correspondent writes:-Th? Mayor of Unley, LieutenantvColonel Dolhnan, in speaking at the annual demonstration of the Unley High School, gave es-pression I to a need of the high schools. After speaking hi-rhly * of the advantaf.es con- ferred on the community "by thv High Schools, he went cn to say Oat they still stood in need of many things. Tlie playgrounds at Unley were total!** inade- quate to provide facilities for al those pupils who indulged in the various sports. Unley would have to light for --»laying room as it had fought in the past lor the infants* school. He recommended the establishment of a parenü**" committee to second the board of advice. He had bim -iclf been educated in Unley school, and was having his own boys educated there, and would do ali he . could to sufport such a committee. Tire first thing it would have . to remedy was tlie present ''tate of the playing grounds, and provide for the establishment of school arbors and garden?. Only by means of such &lt;om mittees could the advantages of the 'n'gh school system be secured to the full for the public. A GHOST -iX A' SEALSKIN COAL That was surely a _ remarkable story ' which Canon Sutton, vice-chairman of flic Cumberland County Council, told in a lec- ture on "Spiritualism" to the church peop'ei of Dearham, Maryport. He was dealing I with the possibility of a dying person's form appearing to the individual in his o" her mind at the moment of death, and h" related an extraordinary experience w-hie-l befell him. He befriended the orphan daughter of a clergyman by obtaining he: a situation as a governess. She became encaged to an officer of the Indian army, and Canon Sutton gave her a sealskin coat as a present. The affair turned out un- happily, however, for the officer jilted her and broke her heart. Some time after- wards Canon Sutton dined at Dovenby Hall and rode home to Bridekirk, on a clear, moonlight night. Near Dovenby school, at 12.15 a.m., he saw the fonn of the girl in her sealpksn coat. The hor=e seemed to see something, too, for he stopped. On reaching home the canon told his wife what he had seen, but she laighed at him. Nevertheless, he ' learned later that the jrirl had died at the verv moment she apoeared to him on the road, that at the time of death she was wearing the sealskin coat lie had given her, and that her last words were to tell him -hat she forgave him for introducing her to her faithless lover. Asked if his experience on the Dovenby road had not shzken his nerves. Canon Sutton replied that he had no nerves-which is, one imagines, a good tiling for one who sees ghosts. MR. WILLIAM O'BRIEN. Mr. William O'Brien, who his accepted a challenge to re-sign Iris seat End nut up again, has quarrelled in his time with moat of the people with whom during his stormy eareer he has been associated, iut no one has ever questioned his burmng sincerity. He has been nine times prosecuted for political offences, and has spent irom fir-t to last over two years in prison. In Tul- lamore Gaol in 1388 he refused to weiir, prison clothes, and lav for weeks in bed, whi'e angry debates took place in the House of Commons over what was called the question of O'Brien's breeches,. Even- tually another suit was smuggled in ti him. Another episode in Mr. O'Brien's diversified career was amusing. He was defendant at the time in the town of Mid- dleton in a Coercion Court.. Military ami police filled the town and surrounded the couit-house, and great extatememt pre- vailed. In ttie midsc of the proceedings. a telegraph messenger in uniform walked coolly through the military lines and passed unchallenged through the cordon of the police fto the court and u-j to the magistrates' bench, where he handed his missive to the presiding magistrate. Til magistrate opened the telegram ind reid an instruction to adjourn the trial purport- ing to come from Dublin Castle. Mysti- fied beyond measure, he ad.iourr.ed the trial, and great was the popular rtjoicing. But it soon transpired that the \ -pfhole thing was an elaborate and skillfuly car- ried out hoax. The uniformed telegraph hoy, and his telegram, in perfectly eorrcct form, were entirely bogus. How the thing was done was never revealed-even to Mr. O'Brien himself. THE NEGRO RACE IN THE UNITED STATES. Those who gather their judgment of the negro race in the States from the occasional reports of lynchinga would find much to correct their estimates in the report of the World's Student Christian Federation. Fifty years ago, for example, less -than 5 per cent, «of negroes could read or write; to-day the proportion is 68 per ceat. At the time of emancipation it was prophesied that the negro would die out. "Ever ready to accommodate his friends, but in his own peculiar way, he has ^proceeded to die out bv increasing his numbers from 4.000,000 to 10.000,000 in fifty years." Neither in Africa nor anywhere else has he attained "an average state of development as high as in the States. Perhaps more surpris-1 ing than anything else to a reader of the j report is the tale of trades followed by i the negro. There are 750,000 farmers, i 70,000 teamsters, 35,000 railway hands, 36,000 miners, 33,000 sawmill employes, ' 24.000 dressmakers, 20,000 barbers, 20,000 nurses, 14,000 stouemasons, 10,000 engineers, ' and firemen, 20.000 in militarv service, 21,000 school teachers, and 18.000 in other professions. Characteristically it is added that the negro has added many hundred million* to the wealth of the country, and has accumulated for himself a net surplus of over 600,000,000 dollars. They have 35,000 church "edifices." And in the asso- ciations connected with the student move- ment there are (.5.500 members. It was the fiftieth anniversary last year of the aboli- tion of slavery. When the real problem of the negro race is being considered it is vi-ell to remember the vast changes that this' half-century has made. ' THE SCHOOLGIRL OF NEW SOUTH WALES. A few (lavs ago Mr. Carmichael, Minister for Public Jnsrtruction in New South Wales, published wrae interesting information dealing with the occupations taken up by gills upon leaving the primary schools in the State. "We received information," he «aid, '"concerning C,144 girls who left the primary schools last year, either to take up home duties or to enter bom« occupation. Of these girls 2,2*23 left the metropolitan schools. 122 the -"chools in the Newcastle district, and 3,297 other country districts. Naturally by far tho greater proportion of girls left home to take up home duties, ami 1 think it only light to mention in this connection that the girls who leave our M-hools at the pre-ent time are very much better fitted by means of our new system of domestic training to assist their mothers in home dut*e*->. and later on to manage homes of their own than before domestic science was carried on to the extent that it is now done. "It is significant, how- ever, that while 07 out of every 100 girls in the metropolitan district left school to take np home duties, 85 out of every 100 country girls loft school for tire same pur- pose. In other words, 33 giris out of every 100 come into industrial competition in the city, while only 15 out of every 100 come into competition in the eoontiy. Three hundred and sixty-nine girls left school t&lt;> enter into each commercial oc- cupations a» clerks, typists, and sales- women; 205 giris became dressmakers, 119 coming from the eily and 17 from the country; 83 girls entered the millinery and 101. the tailoring trade; 127 girls left'school for the purpose of becoming factory hands, the majority naturally coming from the metropolitan schools, 114 jarla entering the Sydney .factorieB, EUC the f^-tories at New castle, and «even factories in other parts of the country. Seventy-nine girls left school to become teachers in public schools, nine to become teachers of private schools, 16 to become governesses, and four to be- come music teachers." A HALF-CROWN HORSE. Ii is not often one can become the proud possessor of «a horse for the modest sum of 2/6, but that was the price which a horse realised at an auction sale m Hobart last week. The bidding was started at a shilling, and the horse was knocked down at half a crown. ? Baldwin's, Unley-road, will be open un till 6 p.m., to-day. Several very enjoyable round-the-gulf | trips have been organised and consummated during the past season. Probablv for the jaded «ty mau, and for the equally jaded, nervy, household, worried (but never com- plaining) wife, (or sister), there is nothing more conducive to recuperation of health than a few days' jaunt on the briny. But, for appearance sake, take care of your face (or faces). Sea air and sunshine are all very well for your physical cc-nstitution, but injurious to the delicate skin. By uring Alpine Snow occasionally the possible effects of sun, wind,, and sea are reduced to a minimum. Bo sure you get Alpine Snow! *94wll5 Ladies should consult Mdlle. Celestine at her French Toilet Salon, 88, Rundle street, above Pianola, for Electric Bead , Hasstge, Greyness, Baldness, Dry and | Oily Dandruff. The renowned Philo Phdo-Carpine for beautifying the hair only obtainable from Mdlle. Celestine. *45we "Sonia" BÍ3nrathated Magnesia, new cure indigestión, 1/, 2/6, all chemists. *45wai22-l i A good deal of money can be saved in House Furnishing by sending for our ' Catalog or by inspecting our large, np-to-1 1 date stocks. Our low expenses at Port Adelaide enable us to do this, and at the j same time supply goods of the best qua. lity.-E. G. Sho"-ney, Furnisher, &c. *333wi:329 Tradesmen.-When spending your hard! earned money for tools, -whv not take ad- vantage of our long experience and low j prices at '"Sheffield House," Charl es-st. ' *97,9,101 It will pay you to have your dresses and j suits cleaned by those well-known expert dyers, Schlork & Co. (W. M. Shake- speare)! 54» Gawler-plaee, Adelaide. T207weo:26t The link that binds is honest value. Ezywallon. supply yon wholesale for cash. *í6z« JEAN, LTD., Milliners, are making à speciality line of "Guinea Hat**," in pretty shapes of Tagel, Felt, and Black Velvet -Address, Netler Buildings, Hindlev-st' *85:84.. Now showing, winter boots. Open Thuv dav night; 6 Saturday.-Miss Hameicc, Hindmarsh. '99-201 ÏTTRNITURE AND LINOLEUMS, good assortment and quality, with low prices. Every article guaranteed. Tenns x> suit all clients. Beautiful catalague free. Crooks and Brooker. Ltd,, Bundle-street. *44o\ BURNS PHILP EUROPEAN INCLUSIVE CONDUCTED] TOURS, 1914. t ! PER S¿. ''WILTSHLRE,'* 2Sth APRIL. £170. ALL TRA"?!*!; EXPELES PATO, INCLUDING HDTEL. STEAMER MLLDÍ-3 RAPIDLY. BOOK NOW. DO >OT HESITATE AN UNEQUALLED OPPORTUNlTi: TO SSE THE BEST OF THE WORLD AT A MINQfUar OF COST AND TROUBLE. FULL PABmCüiÄRS ON APPLIOA. TION. BURNS, PSLP, & CO., LTD., ' TOUR AND TRAVEL DEPT, BROOK3ÍAN-S BUILDING, GE^NFELiSTREET, ADELAIDE. *92eow« 