 A SUN SPOT PROPHET. ^Newspapers in England, it ap pears are advertising 'the Austral ian Drought' in terms and descrip tions calculated to scare all our in-' tending emigrants to frost-bound Canada. Faithful followers oi Clement Wragge recall that some dozen years a.go he predicted a big drought about this time ; but then he applied that prediction to West- - em Australia. — which is having a imore than ordinarily good season, i The) fact is, that this year's aridity is mainly confined! to the richest and usually most moist regions ot Eastern Australia. Hence it causes proportionally far heavier losses in crops and stock than would be suf fered, in poorer and dryer districts. Henco also the bitterness of the wails of Eastern graziers and agri culturists, who* by force1 of long periods of prosperity, had com© to regard iheir country as. drought proof; though now they are deeply, direly indignant on learning that misguided London papers are call ing Australia 'A Land of Skele tons.' However, the fickle winds of the Pacific — which for some occult reason lor months past have de clined to bring rain clouds to the great mountain chain of Eastern Australia — are now telegraphically reported to have resumed work. The pluvial strike is over ; the cloud Conference lias dissolved ; New England and Gippsland are onc« more moist and muddy. Meteor ology ia the youngest of the sciences, and as yet is unable to account sat isfactorily for climatic and atmo spheric vagaries ; but the predomin ating theory is that sun spots are responsible for meteorological devi ations from normal ?conditions. They are magnetic storms on the gaseous incandescent surface of the sun, anil are certainly proven to have great influence on terrestrial magnetism, which in its turn influ ences somehow or other, our atmos pheric conditions. Some years ago when droughts ajid heat waves af flicted the Southern Hemisphere during the surruraer months, an as tronomical professor of European renown hazarded the theory th-ac the isun spots were due toi those ir responsible -asteroids the Leonids. These hacL lie surmised, collided with and carried off a quantity ut matter from Saturn's rings.andthis. projected into the sun, had created abnormal combustions on its sur face. This theory fell absolutely Hat; and except for a cablegram to Australia it was practically still born. Bufc sun spots continue to de velop, and astronomers continue to watci and map these breaks in the photospheric clouds, which enable them to get a glimpse of the real solar disc. They are of all sizes — from a. few hundred to 50,000 miles in diameter. The largest on recoru (February, 1905) was elliptical in shape, and 109,000 by 63,000 miles in dimensions. But even such mam moth spots — though easily visible to the naked eye 92,000,000 miles dis tant — are but small pimples on the face of an orb which has a super ficial area 11.900 times, and a vol ?ime l,-°»00,0OO times greater than tiiijj little eaa-th. The results of con tinued obscrva.tii.ons since 1851, show thai, the sunspote run in cycles, the av.er.age. periodicity of vhi.oh, is 11 years. Tins cycle is divided into | two periods, one of increasing ac-j' livity lasting 4?v years, and the1! other oi: decreasing activity lasting j Gv.- years. What causes those mag-! nctic storms, and what law governs j theiv periodicity is still a mystery— j to scientific investigators. But. in j the United States — the country par ! excellence ol pseudo-scientists — it' prophet has arisen at St. Paul' a. m i the State of Minnesota- He announ- j ces himself as 'Professor of Sun ; Spots' and warns the world, :inu especially America^ to look out for squalls^ — cyclones, and bliz- , zards, floods ' an-d frosts, eartn- ? quakes and volcanic eruptions — on or after .December 17 of this year of: grace. These disasters, . Professor . Planta declares, will be due to the development of a sun-spofc big enough to be seen with the naked eye, and engulf the whole earth : the flaming gases of the sun will leap thousands of miles into space ; and a tornado of electro-magnetic energy will be discharged on our terrestrial atmosphere. This is in teresting, if not terrifying; but, as a matter of fact, sun-spots that could swallow the earth, that can be seen without a telescope, and that send eruptive flames thousands of miles into space, are every-year ? occur rences. They do not produce any terrestrial cataclysms — they are a trifle of 92 millions of miles distant from us. However, the Minnesota ; professor is more rational than pre- ; ceding American prophets, who ; have, times and again, fixed the end of the world to arrive on a fixed ; date, afc a given liour and minute — : and have induced thousands of fools to believe it. December 17, and following, is an excellent date to fix for blizzards, frosts and floods in the United States. That is about their period of happening. Then, again, imder „ the sun-spot* perodicity theory, the cycle of maximum activity is relatively near at hand. But the Minnesota pro fessor scorns periodicity. He bases his prophecy on the old astrological theory of planetarv influences. i A few centimes ago people had \ their nativities cast and their horo- ! scopes calculated, and believed, ! more or less, that their fortunes : and actions depended upon the con- ; junctions or opposition of Venus, j Mercury, Mars, Jupiter, etc. Later, j wihen this astrological bubble was j completely burst, astronomers who j could not account for sun-spots, be- j gan to investigate them from the j view point of planetary influence, j But that theory could not stand the impact of ascertained and tabulated J facts. The Minnesota prophet, ; however, holds this belief in ex- ' celsis ; and his December 17 cata- i cylsni is predicted because on or | about that date Mercury, Venus, J Mars, Jupiter, Saturn and Neptune j will all be on one side of the sun, I and nearly in line. Uranus — which ! is a trifle of 1781 million miles dis tant from the sun — will be on the j other side. The seven planets ] (Neptune. 2791 million miles away, . is not reckoned) are to take a com- j bined magnetic pull at the solar j photosphere, ' and create the mam- j moth, sun-spots, while the earth, at \ right angles to the pullers, is to re- j ?ceive the full brunt of the magnetic I storm thus created. Scientists and ] astronomers laugh ^ to scorn _ the ] Minnesota, prophecies, as sustained j by neither rationalities, facts nor ; possibilities. But human nature j is credulous — not to sav gullible — ! and in America, at all events, thou- i sands of people will get stiff necks i on December 17 looking for . sun- ; spots, possibly, too, insurance com- j panies will do a brisker business j than usual in storm, flood, and ; earthquake risks. Australian be- ; lievers in Planta — if any there be — j may derive consolation from the re- ! flection that the Federal elections i will be over before the sun-spots i and its storms come along: .and ( also that Australia, as a whole. 'can i take all the rain that sun-spots or J planets can bring it — and be grate- i ful therefor. j 