 THiE IRECE NT? c YCLO?NE." nTHI WRIiKcED IK0MDCBANA. "PEiRTHl . Tehit pb The proprietura of thle .Dally *"?wa' nhavo recalved a' l?ttor from;t'Mr.' Olampt. Wraggo, from Ohilteorn, Victoria, sttltng It the COntral. Wealther Dureau' Ian Brie bao hud boaun in rstcatnue, thi anluail yolu for which did not oxoou"q £1500, three daya' 'araing aat loast would have boone glvoen of the revoas oylonn olff the Ilartlh-lorth-wot coanlt. , Tho Blllo IFllunnel toiumoiy 0rgonl,w hloh ap the first to a1d v1denioo that thLe' nteleor Koomhanna had boat Ywroched, hy pliklnig ip tile door of the chlie atoward'o abln, arrrlvod at Fromantlo from Blnna poro, via N,?, portl, tlls lmornilg. Her omfiern atueod that a uoenral qlonm 1had b?oun oat over tile wholo 3t tile NW. horte by the dlialltor. Nearly overyone had rlondia or relatives on board, and thero .wOra gloomy inoes ond qllotlauae wherevwr the host touched.'a 0110 eatiloman, who wnl aboard tile Iullarra ll the cycnlone, rotlrnedl by tilh Gorlon. Ieo inlal tile Iltorl was tho moot terrifying ellrxporn lie Ilhadl over had1. Out ot 1 O ttle LL e l embarkedll on the hullarra for Fromantle,, lie onllly brotlhgit SS hasck .  " ULYSSES." When Prognostcator Wragge gets busy with antl-cyclones storm-centrs, and drouights, people begin to sit up and take notice. Now tbis waeaher enpert sun donlsy finds ham.eif listening to the voice o1f "Ulynsue," this being his hbghu-floee same for some Sort of a shake-up which Sydney is given twelve days to propare for. .I bane no more definite ktnowledgs of this modern "Ulysses," the Wragge. time favourite, than of the illustrious Ulysses of mvthologi~al days, who played last and loose with the affections of the Sirens of the Aegean Islands. Tht "Ilyssaes" didn't hother Sydney much. from all accounts, nor do I aoticipate that this coming one will be any more terlrifying than a oslitical meeting at ondit or "notice" from a. police-loving cook bent on matrimony. Still, the tlraggcd one's prophcc.in are always entertatning. They're like Tattersall's consultations. You never know. But it it be true that "Ulysses" Is going to chase lts all out of our homes into the "undiscovered country from whose hournms no traveller retlurns," I earnestly appeal to the strife-promoters and strike en gineers one and all to "cease frotm troubling" ulntil the twelve days are uyp. The voice of St. Peter calling the roll srould he drowned by the clamour el discontented workers wrangling over hours and wages were the end to come to-day. So be good, all of you, for a tew days-Wragge may be right this tlme and sing gladly the good old song, "There is a Happy Land." No matter it unsympathetic larrlkins do yell out,' "Where is it?" To Ulysses! Glasses! 