 It was recently ruled that the Exe cutive minute passed to grant life passes to "members of the Legislative (Assembly' who had been through three Parliaments applied only to members of the present Legislative Assembly. The intention of the Min ister was to apply the provision to all who had served the necessary time. It is probable that some further action will be taken this week to make this intention clearer. A num ber of ex-members have been, inter esting themselves to this end. ~ A. child, three years .old, son of Mr. iuid Mrs. T. ": F. Fogarty. of Boor ham&n, :Wangaratta> Victoria, suc cumbed on "Wednesday from tha effects of dnn&ing a quantity of whisky On Mionaay evening1 the child was given a small quantity of the liquor in the way of mediciine for indisposi tion, and being found in a state of collapse during Tuesday afternoon, in quiry from another young member , of the family led to the discovery That the little boy lad helped himself t° a large draught from the botfle, wnich haa been left within his reach. .j Predk. Dutton, alia? Louis Frost, 36 years, was committed' for trial at Sydney on Friday 'of'a ipharge of stealing £900, —the pibpe^f of tne 'Bank oC Australasia. His "cheques were houorea on tne strength of a "cheque oil another bank, which was returned dishonored. Hie accused said lie fully intended to return the money. He had lost it all in horseraeang in (Melbourne and Sydney within a month. The Roma School of Aits is ncit 'alone in regam.. to lack of public support, as,such is the experience or the vas? majority, of similar institu tions in the State (says the St George "Beacon," idommenting upon an. article w hich recently appeared in the 'Star.';} The causes seem to be two-fold, i.e.,— people have drifted into t|he niggardly habit of only giving to public insti tutions when some function is offered in return, and the workers and trades people (for whom the School of Arts system was established) prefer tfr spend their leisure hours elsewhere than in a "ljtading room, and any time spent in heading is generally given to the sporting teolumn. Beading good litera ture is a thmg- that, in the interests of the publid needs to be cultivated, but how it is to -be' done, viewing ■the present apathetie state of the pubbo mind; is a matter whicjh re quires a lot of consideration. Speaking' before the Justices* As sociation at. Sydney recently, Inspector Ctilds related a remarkable story re specting finger-prints. "A man, in tending to tfreak into -a house," !bo saidj "climbed over tlofi g3.te, and, standing with his toes on a steel tar inside, slipped and felL He was ■wear ing a ring on tlie left-little finger. The gate was protected by sharp iron spikes and" in clutciung1 at, the tap to break his fell one of the spikes got -under the ling. He was unaHfe to;'release bis finger, and the weight of lus %ody fore Life finger off, leaving it with the xing impaled Ion the spike. 'He then got tack over " tie gate a,nd decamped. Ai police t»n«table, in going Las rounds to try; locte, was startled to see the 'finger iand the ring on "the gate. He took them away, and at Scotland Yard, where a print of the finger was taken, 'a search through the records established the identity of the man. who was shortly afterwardis arrested. He had his finger fixed up and properly ' dressed. He was sentenced to months' imprisonment." A message from Perth, West Aus tralia, (all Tuesday stated thast John Sutherland Boss Tecently engaged him self fc> a young widow in the Warren district, Mrs. Moore, whom ae told that he fcad £3,800 in the rank, OTfned several blocks of land in. Perth, wHile Lis father in Scotland owned estates vortfr £18,000. Mrs. Moore cam© up to town to be married on January 13, and house-furnishing was started. Boss purchased three Mank cheques on the West Australian Bank, filled m one for -£50, and told Mrs. Moore to get what ever she wanted.' Goods to the value of £26 were obtained on- a second cheque, and £39 change bn" the cheques , was received. These cheques were valueless. Mis. Moore returned the goods, and undertook to pay. Iitack the the money at the rate of £1 per week. Boss's only explanation was that he ' had "been dliniaing. He was sem tenced to six months' imprisonment, and it the money is not paid at the expiration of that time, he wfill get six j months more. • A1, new device--&r. nigtit-iiiiaff has heen "brought out in _&lt;r«rniany, which, if it is ever developed da a large scale, jncty 'he expected to revolu tionise our present- tactics. It con sists of an electric torch fixed to . the Tjlarrel of ~a rifle, with lenses such as to thjrow a narrow; pencil of iritanse light tG the front. The soldier has only to throw the disc of light steady ou his oponent wlule he presses the trigger, ftnd the Hillet should strike the mark. The range of the light is lin.ited toy^'the wjeig-ht of the accu mulators \vLich can isle carried on the weapon; thus it 'is stated that an electric torch weighing 7oz. is fully effective at-40 yards._ This difficulty has so far restricted $ie , a^p!icaXnbn of tlie device, to pistols. Now a pistol whjch shoots accurately, at 40 yards on a dark uig-lit is already a useful iw.eapon to possess; -but 'why should we not have a rifle with search light effective at 500 yards? We may conceive a section of riflemen holding a trench 'ty night, provided with a forge accumulator transported on a muie or Itand-cart, and with all their rifles -Connected to it :by a flexible cable. This is a vision of th^ft&jre, but tbs itea, liaatmSwlrted The total amouiii; subscribed for the Vkcftoriafa 4 per cent loan of £1,000,000 was £4,546,700. At a meeting- in Townsville on Thursdayit was proposed to endeavour to raise sufficiLem. money ft> estabLsii la; meteorological station for Queensland during the cyclone morobs, and engage Mr. Clement L. Wragge. One ot the special features of our great stocktaking: sale, are the mar vellous reductions in Ladies Costumes niceiy trimmed, latest styles, in linen, «cambrni zephyrs, and crepes, usual prices from lis. fid; to 2os.; sale price i to clear at 6s. lid. each. Also ladies* white muslin blouses, half price. ; Bryant and M&Lean, Ltd., Leading i Stor^ Soma.* .1 j .An editor- ."who was courting: a "woman' of uncertain-age, tot .positive. biank'account, was cut out by a gentle man frtim atieigtiboring town, who' married her and topk her home. Whereupon the editor. souglfc a inean. revenge*-• "by heading an account -of Inez!- wedding:—"Atoother ;bldjE^dent Gone.". ; • . ' • •. : \ -.V." ■ ) -Mr. Oscar Aschp, the actor-mana ger, and his wife. Miss Lily Brayton, have returned to England^Trom. t^eir toiiiV; Aecbe announces that the takings -68 weeks in-Australia to - talled £120,000. ■/ ' At alnieeling held for the purpose of forming! a committee of pu1jilic safety at Pietermaritztiirg', Natal, the Mayor, adhering to the attitude^adopted on the previous day, said he considered; a committee unnece^ary. Colonel Clarke, control officer, said he would have to wire to the Minister for Defence "that Fietermarctzfcurg; was the only town* in, the Union 'where the . local authorities declined to help !tbe Government.. He said- that if empowered under martial law fie would have to nominate the committee timself, and he would nom-. inate the- mayor a member. iAfter discussion, a committee Was formed; and the mayjr agreed to serve. Num bers of special constables are now ! being- enrolled Some star has been caused by. the remarks of the Miarquis of Lincoln shire. better known as Lord Carring ton. in- proposing the health of Sir Edwarur Grey at the National Liberal dub banqiiet to Mir. iryce (sayu a! London «oiTespondent writing on De cember 19.) "We look forward," he said, "witn confidence to the 'jme when he will be called by the Sove reign to one of tfie (highest posts: that the Sovereign can bestow, one of the highest posts tshat-s£. subject can fill. When the time comes—as oome iu will —on do more wortny person Can this great; task be imposed than, on him." The nomination.. of Sir Edward Grey as Prime Minister prospective, in suc cession to Miv Asquith. is not Telishea by the Hadioal section of the Liberal party1, wiudj? is- bent upon Mr. Lloyd George. Tliere is, I believe, mo such personal lack of harmony between "t.:e ifcw6 Ministers' as prevailed between Loiyl Bospbenr and Sir William izar court; tut the feeling in toe party would be bitterer now than it was in 1.894. if a leadev were imposed uion it from above, more especially it it were thought that the aristocratic and Whiggish isection was being given the preference. Radical pressure for keeping the Navy estimates down resulted in a deputation to Mr. Asquith, which numbered 39 M.P.'s, supported by 5G others whc. could not ^attend (says a London correspondent writing on De cember 19.) The interview took place in private, and only a statement of a few lines was "published. A symp tom of the Badical feeling against! Mjr. Churchill,-, who is utterly mis trustea now in that quarter, was toe necessity under which the Prime Minis ter felt himself of pointing out that the Estimates- would have the author ity of the whole Cabinet. The depu tation was divided in opinion as to ifihe safaisfactojineos of Mr, Ajsqmtfh's reply. It is gathered that he indicated the likelihood that-the Estimates would not reach £50,000.000; and explained that the increase would be mainly due to wort upon sVips already begun or sanctioned. He is understood1 also by some to have- intimated that nothing would "be done to replace the delayed "Canadian Dreadnoughts, or .to answer the building programmes of Austria: and Italy. Disquiet at this view of what happened is expressed in quar ters free from "Little Navy" proclivi ties. - In the United States the production of durum wheats kas increased faster than domestic markets for such wlieat, the yield in 1906 reaching about 50,0r.0,000 husliels, since whica time it has fallen toff. It will' pnobably in- ■ crease, for ; the demand is constantly for stronger and stronger-flour, which the millers 'do not like, as the durum wheat, is TiaiVLto grjnd. _ The grains -are large and very fcfrrd. The usual color is clear omber, and there are, of course, aide variations in size, shape, and color, "between different varieties. These wheat? are said to be less sub ject tQ smut and rust, and are more arougiit-resistant than the common Wheats. Having been grown appar ently for many- centuries subject, to se vere droughts, it has developed those qualities which mate il admirably: fitted for eucfo conditions. Durum jwheat owes its value for areas of low rain fall ^ to its rapid, ^vigorous growth* early maturity, resistance to diaught and disease, and resulting productive ness. ' On the other hand, the .long, stiff, lieajds are sucli a, source of dis comfort in handling' that many farmers object to the crop.  Yingerbay. (From our correspondent) June 3. Now: that we have had a splendid fall of 268 points of rain, the farmer that reduced knowledge or theory to use; and kept Ids -wheat sound and dry in the bags until he was sure that the soil was in a condition to ger minate every, pickle of wheat, will have to gird around his loins in imita tion of the apaches of France, or carry a scythe to protect himself from the insufferable boredom of the blokes that really knew, it was going to rain on the first of June, and just whipped in their seed, don't you know, ail but about a £ of an acre, when down came the rain. If we can judge by what we read, neither Ogg, Hunt, Wragge, nor any of the host of mete orologists knew is was going to rain. If they did, they guarded it as a scientific secret The highly paid officials, with costly instruments and data to work upon, who make a study of atmospheric! phenomena, pever gave the slightest hint to the man on the land that this splendid downpour of rain would happen. It looks as though they had a strong suspicion that; the comet foreboded drought, notwithstanding the fact, writes Mr. "Webb,, "that the great southern anti-cyclone belt is in the rainy season.'' Wheat raising at its rainy season.'' Wheat raising' at its best is only a gamble with the ele ments, butthe man who soijra. with the chance of having to resow; and replow is a. plunger iwjho "don't lay to his book,' and whe^n he strikes rain to suit and brags he knew, he wants locking up until every one has hi* wheat underground. None of the prin cipal bush signs of rain were in evi dence, The beef ante made no vision as they usually do; the busy (working; hard dose by did not wax up the entrance toi the hive; the-mack; cockatoo cam© nbt-to herald thef glad some news ; the storm bird gave no [warning shriek * even the mill/whistle ;was not heard at Warooby—and yet it rained 426 points, a neighbor states* batf a ai& Um ta 