 NORTHERN METEOROLOGICAL STATION. A TOWNSVILE PROPOSAL. TOWNSVILLE, January 11. In connection with the question of the [?] lihment of a meteorological [?] North, inquiries were recently [?] [?] Clement Wragge as to what should be the cost pi esuoiistung and working ?ueh a station dur- Ing the cyclonic months. A letter has now been received by CapUiu Irvine, of the steamer Inn* mincla, from Mr. Wragge, «ivin* portlcuW from which it appcarf £1000 would be •ufti dent. Captain Irvine, and Dr. NLsbrt, of Towns ville, who are both strong believers in tho necpjdty for the establishment of such a statioa in intervi(«w3 susarested that an attempt should be made to raise the money by subscription now that the Federal Governmojit had declined to take action U is sumtested that a publio me«tinjr oboald oalled and committee* fonaed to receive subscriptions at Northern centre*  THE WEEK AT A GLANCE. LOCAL AND GENERAL. THURSDAY, January 22. The Otway, which left London on December 19, has on board 40 Govern-&lt;*> ment immigrants for Queensland, and the limerick, which sailed from London on December 17, is carrying 307. As a result of a deputation that wait* ed on the Treasurer yesterday, it ia probable that facilities will be provided for the Enoggera Shire Council to acquire an area of 24 acres as a recrea* tion reserve. The WaHaroo Waterside Workers yes terday decided to return to work to morrow conditionally on a conference of employers and union representatives being; field in Adelaide on Tuesday. Waterside workers at Port Pirie yesteft day declined to work on the steamer Jessio Darling, which should have been discharg ed at Wallaroo. The strike of Sydney wharf labourers against working overtime was settled at a mass meeting last might, When it was decided by an overwhelming majority that^prk should be continued as usual. DafleaGe amounting to thousands of pounds was caused by a fire at Perth early yesterday morning, the places affected being the timber factory and offices of Messrs. Bunning Bros., several cottages, St. John's Ohurch of England, and a network of telephone and power cables. There are indicati&lt;ap? tfhat the wheat ■Wpping trouble in Sydney may be satis factorily overcome, as settlements hive been effected in several wheat districts. Although Sydney is now apparently free •f smallpox four cases of a mild type have been discovered at Singleton. Raisuli won the Park Handicap at tho Jfedron Park races yesterday. Hdic Lad was second and New Empire third. ' The work of preparing for next session U well in hand. Bills are being prepared ■ow, and the work will not be found in arrears. An important step in the history of education in Queensland la : being taken shortly, the new training college for feathers wUI be opened. The H'Keen motor cars employed by the Railway Department are now running Mgularly between South Brisbane and Bunnybaak and Oorinda, and between Manly and Cleveland. ; . The difficulty that cropped up between the Education Department and the trus tees of the Brisbane Grammar School may be said to have been settled for the present. Th« steamer Carpentaria, which has reag?L,Brisbane, has brought six head el jfrsejr cattle for Queensland owners. These cattle were selected in the island •i Jersey through the Agent-General's office. The Roma grape crop is now being marketed, and, although it is not so bis as last year, the quality is up %t the high standard of former years. The results of the recent examination tor State school scholarships will not be issued until the end of next week. A competitive examination is to be held at the end of the month for femalt typists for the public service. The late University Junior examination was the first occasion on which the re cently-established State high schools en tered candidates, and satisfactory re sults have been obtained. Considerable interest was created at Goomeri recently by the arrival of a •pedal train conveying a German settlers' group, comprising 24 families. The members of the group had purchased over 8000 acres of the Boonara Estate at a cost of about £12,000. Patrick Doyle, aged 23 years, working at the railway sawmill at Paget Junc tion, Mackay, was seriously injured through a wedge becoming embedded in his bead to a depth of Sin. Mr. W. J. Risley, sen., of Pinbarren Creek, Gympie, aged G8 years, has died at bis residence. The deceased formed tbe Risley group that took up land on the Kin Kin about eight years ago. Information has been received that the 8.1. and Q.A. Co.'s new tug Coringa has been launched from tbe yard of William Denny and Bros., Dumbarton, and is due to &jtf£« in Brisbane about Easter. "jflKourier' Reader" has forwarded a donation of £20 .for the Women's Resi dential College. A report furnished to the Premier of New South Wales shows that daring the past three years the number of oversea immigrants was 13,586, and of these 34 are being treated for consumption and 40 for insanity. There are indications that the wheat shipping trouble in New. South, Wales may be satisfactorily overcome. Negotiations which have been going on on behalf of the Melbourne Cricket Club and the Victorian Cricket Association have resulted in an agreement being ar rived at. In the Victorian Legislative Assembly the Premier moved tbe discharge* of 26 Bills from the business paper, remarking that the Government thought it inad visable to proceed with them this eeaflon. A Japanese named Cohara shot hi* wifo at Ingham and then set fire X.6 the house.' Both bodies were burnt beyond recognition when recovered from the de bris. •■ . " At the Sydney Quarter Sessions a young man named F. 8. Wallace Taylor pleaded guilty to 16 charges of breaking into and stealing from suburban dwellings. JMaize has been extensively planted over MpCloyna and Windera districts, the TRson at present being most favourable lor that crop. Redwater has again broken oat In ■er* cral herds in the Rosevale district, FBJDAY, January 2& It is expected that 4000 bags of potatoes from the South will be landed in Brisbane to-day. The body of Albert Home, who was wanted by the police in connection with the Lutwyche morder, was found in Breakfast Greek, near Heraton, yesterday, the throat [having been cut almost from ear to ear. No bullet wounds were found. Annette Pabner, aged 18 years, resid ing with her parents at Bulimba, is sup po6cd to have committed suicide on Wed nesday night by drowning herself in the Brisbane River,, near the Hawthorne Ferry. Brookes, Wilding, Dunlop, and S. N. Do list have been chosen as tfhe Australa* sian team for the Davis Oup contests. The Bundaberg Ambulance Brigade's new two-etory brick building, erected at a cost of £3400, was opened free of debt yesterday, the ceremony being performed by the Hon. John White (Minister for Agriculture), | At a meeting in Tovrmville last evening :t was proposed to endeavour to ralae sufficient money to establish a meteoro logical station for North Queensland dur ing the cyclone months, and engage Mr. Clement L. Wnagge. - Preliminary steps were taken yesterday towards sending an Australian rifle team to tfte Bjsley meeting this year. Queens land will have two representatives in the team- Since be announced his scheme or ready made farms the Minister for Lands has received numerous letters containing sug gestions and criticisms. The Minister for Lands expects to be able to leave Brisbane for western Aus tralia on February 4. Municipal matters in Dalby are very much mixed at the present time, and some interesting minutes have been made during his first few days of office by the new mayor. In the Mackay Police Court three milk vendors were charged with having added water to their milk, three bakers with; having sold short-weight bread and three publicans with having adulterated liquor. ~ Each was fined- £3 with costs. New regulations have b«en made tn connection with what is called the "is land fond" dfider the Protection of Abort Iginals Act. Minnie Thomas, a triarrfex! woman, was brutally assaulted whilst travelling by the last train from Perth to Fremantle, as a result of which she now lies in the Fremantle Hospital in a serious condi tion. * Mr. S. Donahoo, a well-known interna tional cricketer of former days, who has been in Queensland for mary years, is at present an inmate of a private hos pital in Melbourne. The Melbourne Harbour Trust Intends to borrow considerably over £1,000,000 in order that it may be in a position to meet the financial obligations of the near future. Two Loan Bills have been Introduced into the Victorian Legislative Assem bly The first is to provide £2,250, -000 by a loan in London for railway works and rolling stock, ar.d the second to raise £1.500,000 by a local loan for tramways, Ac. The torpedo boat Countess of Hope toon was disabled near Half Moon Bay, Victoria, where she had been manoeuv ring. She was taken in tow by a tag and brought to Williamstown. The Royal Commission on Transconti nental railway sleeper contracts is tak ing evidence in Hobart. The Prime Minister (Hon. J. Cook) states that the question of the Savings Banks, State debts, Murray waters, and uniform gauge will be among the sub jects to come before the (Premiers' Con ference. Three plain clothes constables in Mel bourne have been ordered back into uni form for having made a false statement about a woman who was charged witb vagrancy. This means a loss of 1/ per day extra pay to the men. Satisfactory progress is reported njltu the carnival arrangements at Too wooraba, and tbe various committees are busily engaged in preparing the general programme. The cane put through the rollers at Baffle Creek tor the season was Just under 4200 tons. Dr. F. O. Wooster, medical officer at Mount Chalmers, has been appointed medical superintendent of the Roekhamp* ton Hospital. A deputation waited on tbe acting De puty Postma?ter-General, and made 'sev eral requests with regard to the North ern telegraphic services. One of the re quests was that the wireless station be granted tor the transmission of messages when unusual interruptiocs occurred. This- request was granted. Captain A. Gordon Smith, at present officer commanding H.M.A.S. Encounter, now at Hobart, has been appointed act ing second member of tbe Naval Board. Thomas Clarence, aged 65, died sud denly at Goondiwindl while riding m a sulky with two other men. Tbe new session of the Queensland Ag ricultural College at Gatton ha? been formally opened.' SATURDAY, January 24. Mr. A. B. Heath, chief chemist at tfeo Bjngera Sugar Mill, was accidentally struck by.a belt yesterday, and sustained a compound fracture of the skull. No hopes are hekl out of his recovery. A report was received at Maryborough yesterday stating that a passenger named Buckley died in the Brisbane-Rockhamp* ton mail traitt after it had passed Glad* ■tone* Damage to the extent of £5000 was caused by a fire yesterday at a building in Sydney, occupied by Lewis and Whit ty and F. A. Winter. The Sheffield Shield match, New South Wales v. Victoria, was commenced in Syd ney yesterday, the home team scoring 430 for the loss of three wickets, Macartney being 184 not out. At the Sydney Quarter Sessions yester day Frank Stanley Wallace Taylor, aged 20 years, who had pleaded guilty to Id charges of breaking and entering, was sentenced to 10 years' penal servitude. A ship owner stated yesterday that the waterside workers' demands represented an increase totalling over £600,000 a year. Returns of income for the year 1913 are due by the end of this month, and a penalty is attached to failure to return a schedule within the time fixed by the Act. Mr. H. G. Watson, who spent many years in California, and a shorter time in Tahiti, has arrived in Queensland with the object of inquiring into -the possibil ity of securing land to plant cocoanuts. The Colonial Sugar Refining Company's Childers mill has finished crushing after a run of over seven months, having put through for the season 128,163 tons of •cane, which is a record for the mill. In the Glebe Police Court. Sydney, C. E. Tyers, charged with having malicious ly shot at Lillian Haddrell with intent to do grievous bodily barm, was found not guilty and discharged. In the Sydney Water Police Court P. Sutton, alias Host, was committed for trial on a charge of having stolen £900 belonging to the National Bank of Australasia. Sutton said that he bad spent the £900 on racing in Sydney and Melbourne in about a month. Mr. N. G. Bell, Engineer in Chief of the Queensland Railways, gave evidence before the Royal Commission in Hobart, Tasmania, regarding powelllsed timber. On the Short-street wharf a case sup posed to contain revolvers was opened in the presence of Customs officials and the contents found to be bricks, pieces of rag, and American newspapers. The Premiers' Conference, at which-the Commonwealth and all the States will be represented, will probably be held in Sydney late in March. Speaking at a well attended meeting of cane growers of Marburg and the sur rounding districts, Mr. W. C. Bachmann Baid that compared with msise the sugar industry was much cheaper and more re liable as well as profitable. In connection with the proposed meteor ological station in the north a cable gram has been received from Mr. Clement Wragge by the Townsville committee, stating that it was impossible for him to take up his residence there this sea son, but he was offering to telegraph warnings at five guineas weekly from February 11. In order to assist the Commonwealth Council of Rifle Associations in enter taining members of the British and other teams which will visit Australia to take part in the Empire Rifle Match, the Com monwealth has granted £500. Mrs. West, mother of Miss Mona West, whose mysterious disappearance a short time ago attracted much attention, has died. The sleeper getters at Clermont, who were in receipt of 3/ per block, de manded an increase, and the engineer conceded an increase of 4d. per block, but the men were dissatisfied with this, and the engineer said the mill would be closed. Arrangements are being made for an aerial Derby in Sydney next month, and there will be four men competing—A. B-. Stone (of America), A. W. Jones (Queens land), F. Hammond (New Zealand), and Captain Penfold (Australia). A conference of delegates representing the Olympic Councils of Australia and New Zealand was held in Melbourne, and it was decided to form a. national or ganisation to be called the Olympic Fed eration of Australia and New Zealand. MONDAY, January 28. The Commissioner for Railways (Mr, C. Evans, C.M.G.) returned from Sydney on Saturday. While in the South he dis cussed with the New Sooth Wales De puty Chief ConunissiQner for Railways ft number of matters of interest to the two States* After a week's search, the girl Steven* who disappeared from Kelscy Creek with a man, !has been discovered near Bowes^ but the man is stiQ at large. Harry Coles, 73 years of age, was found drowned on Saturday in a water' hole at Blenheim, in the Laidley district. Arthur Bill Clarke, a sharebroker at Cairns, left ion Friday nigfct to pull across Cairns inlet in a flattie, and has not since been seen. At the Australian swimming dhampion tMp carnival in Brisbane on Saturday A. W. Barry (N.S.W.) won the 100 yds. dham pdonship by inches from Longwortii (N.S.W.), with Finlay (W.A.) third. The 1320 yds. Chaannicpdhip resulted: W. Long worth 1, S. Springfield (Q.), 2, J. W. Sanndew (Q.) 3. In the A Grade cricket matches on Satur day Toowong scored 58 against South Brisbane, who made 225 for seven wickets. Valley made ISO against University, wjhbse Bcores were 49 and none for 35. Woodloonsjabba compiled 288, North Brisbane lost. one- wicket for 36, while Nundah made 174 against Toombnl'g five for 55. . Tth 10-Footers* Interstate Sb'ngey Oham pionship on Saturday was won by Coni monVeaitb (Q), with Irene second, and Myra third Tlhe li-Footers' Interstate Handicap was won by Carina. At the Albion Park races on Saturday the Park Plate fell to Palmer Rush, and thto Park Purse to Favour. In the Sheffield Shield cricket match between New South Wales and Victoria the first innings of New South Wales closed for 675 (Macartney 201), and Vic toria lost three wickets for 49. In the colts' cricket match between N.S. Wades and Victoria .it Melbourne, the visitors made 514 in their first innings and Victoria lost five -wickets for 268. In the match for the welterweight bor. int? championship at Melbourne on Satur day, MCormick won from Holberg on a foul. The Australian 18-foot Yachtinar Cham pionship, sailed on the Swan River on Saturday, was won by Australian (N.S.W.). Vanity (Q.) was second. T-ao Australasian amateur athletic chaimipianshiip meeting commenced in Mel bourne on Saturday. At the end of the day the points were :—V:otoria, 3 wine; New Zealand, New South Wales, and Queensland. 1 win each. In a boxing comteat in Sydney on Sat urday Miftmrn Saylor knocked out Huglrie Mehegan in the eleventh round. Mr. Dan O'Connor, for years a conr epicuoua politician in New South Wales, died in the Liverpool As/him on Satur day. A Chinese gardener, wno was returning to hw home at Ashfield, near Sydney, on Saturday afternoon, wafei robbed by a highwayman, who also wounded him with a revolver shot. Owing to the capsize of a boat three men were drowned yesterday in Botany Bay. Extensive improvements are to be made to the Melbourne-street station to cope with the Increasing traffic. The cable message announcing that Archbishop Donaldson, of Brisbane, had been appointed Bishop of the new dio cese of Ohelmsford, has been declared to be groundless. The Acting-Premier, who has returned to Brisbane from Rockbampton, said that it was proposed to erect a r«w Savings Bank building in Rocknampton as the present premises were not suffi ciently commodious. The new State school at Wooloowin, for mWch tenders have been called, will be of brick, in two wings, each wing having two class rooms, each 29ft. by 2oft. Gin. The weather conditions were ideal in connection with the stump-capping. eere> mony in connection with the Yarraman Methodist Church, which took place on Saturday. A letter has been received by the Townsville Harbour Board from the Treasury stating that a Bill will be in troduced in Parliament next session to extend the borrowing powers of the board. A deputation waited on Mr. W. A. Gibson (owner of the Marburg Sugar Mill), and after some discussion a satis factory settlement was arrived at, and 58 cane growers expressed their willing- Bess to sign an agreement to guarantee cane. At the monthly meeting of the Cairrs Ohamber of Commerce a letter was re ceived from the Postmaster-General's De partment stating that the inconvenience experienced through telegraphic delays in the North would have serious considera tion. It was decided to advocate a wire* less station for Cairns. According to the ideas of some of the members the Fruit Commission has not yet finished its labours. The Fiime Minister considers, however, that the Commission's work is practicaly dose. The Right Rev. John Carroll, Roman Catholic Bishop of Lismore, on the eve of his departure on his first episcopal visit to Rome was presented with an il luminated address on behalf of the parishioners, and also an address on be half of the local branches of the Hiber nian Bociety. ' Queensland is not to be included in the itinerary of the Powellising Commission because it is stated they would not gain any additional information. The police do not believe that the com mercial traveller, A. B. Mylne, was drowned at El wood, Victoria, and it is asserted that the missing man has de camped, and a warrant for his arrest has been issued. The wheat trucked from the Clifton Station for the months of November and December, 1913, was 7772 and 18,806 tons respectively. The prospects of the district are much brighter since the re cent rain. The orange crop in the Maryborough District during the coming season prom ises to be very fair. There are evidences of some of the orange crop being affected by the Maori disease to some extent. A very large area of the scrub land in the Clontarf and Rocky Creek portion of the Milmerran district has been planted with maize. TUESDAY, Jajaiarr 27. Frederick Jackson, aged about SO years, was thrown from a horse on Saturday evening/ «ad sustained fatal injuries. Mr. A. B. Heath, principal chemist «t Bingefa sugar mill, died at midnight on bunday from injuries received by being struck with a shredder belt ja the ilifi on Friday morning. The auxiliary sdbooner Federal, owned by the Timor Plantations, limited, Sydney, was burned to the water's edge aa Friday night while anchored south of the Turtle Group. The captain and crew succeeded in reaching the Cape Bedford xuiaaicn staiaov The Southern Downs rifle meeting **& continued at Warwick yesterday, when T. R. Kennedy won the Southern Down* aggregate, with, F. Anderson second. The Amity Cup race was sailod in More* ton Bay yesterday, and was won by Nara. Vedoma waa second and Carissima third* The 440 yds. Swimming Championship of Australia, contested in Bri&bone last evening, was won by W. Lomgworth iN&.W.), .S. Springfield (Q.) defeating C. Healy (N.S.VV.) for second place. The 220 yds. Breast Stroke Championship of Ausuraftia waa won by E. G. Finlay (W.A.), whose time (3.10) constituted & new Australian record. T. V. Dowzer (Rotteharaptan) won the 100 yds Couwtry Championship. Speaking at the A.N.A. luncheon 11S Melbourne yesterday his Excellency thd Governor-General announced that lie had resigned bis appointment, and would bo returning to England this year. At the A.J.G. racC? yesterday th«. Anniversary Handicap was won by Kil? meadan. Former was second, and Jiana* 'Ifoo Wind bWrd. The Foundation Cup, run at tihf Wiibamstown races yesterday, resulted :l Gtladwyn 1, Monodia 2, Wingnrora 3. As a result of the Au?traiasi.au ;unateup fttMctio championships, Victoria wins £h? fibicld with six points, and New South The death has occurred in Brisbane of the Hon. Alexander Rail, M.L.C., at the ripe old age of 93 years. Steps are to be taken immediately for the resumption of the land required fox tbe extension of the accommodation at the Melbourne-street railway station. Speaking with regard to consumptive immigrants, the Acting Premier, (Mr. Barnes) said that he did not think that many consumptives were coming to Queensland under the system of medical inspection insisted upon. Frederick Jackson, a married man, 50 years of age, was killed In Mackensie street, Wondai, through bis horse rear* lag and throwing him to the ground. A man arrested in an emporium iO Sydney on a charge of burglary was found to have a revolver in his posses sion, and to be wearing a couple of suits, several undershirts, several pair* of socks, and two bathing costumes. The annual meeting of the Presbyterian Sabbath School Union was held in the Ann-street Church Hall, when the annual report was presented, which pointed to a successful year. A local medical man, resident here tor about 20 years, has called on the. Acting Premier at the Chief Secretary's. Department, and said that he had found what he believed was an absolute cure for consumption. Mr. A. H. Clarke, the missing share broker, was found by a search party at Double Island Hotel. Mr. Clarke had • sensational adventure, being carried oat to sea from Cairns in a rowing boat. Complaints have been recently made la Brisbane of the very poor quality of a great deal of the fruit forwarded frox*. Stanthorpe this season, and it is stated that tbe cause is the comparatively long dry spell which has extended from the one of blossoming op to the present. At the annual meeting of the Rose wood Agricultural and Horticultural As* sodation tbe balance-sheet showed tfcat the association had had a very success ful year. The Brisbane Concert Band came third ■ in the Australian Championship Band Contest In Sydney. The Acting Premier, who has returned from a visit to the Central district, said that he found in Rockharspton tkut the accommodation for the State depart ments was totally inadequate, and the erection of new buildings would be ex pedited. Another conference Is to take place be tween representatives of the employers and employees in the shipping industrf over the demands of the Waterside Kcrk* era' Federation. The annual conference of the Political Labour League has been opened in Syd ney, and there were 200 delegates pres ent. It was decided not to admit tbe daily Press reporters. Mr. George Fox, M.L.A., died at hit residence at Yeronga at tbo age of 7H years. The 42nd half-yearly report of tbe Pioneer Dairy Co., N.8.W., shows that for the six months ended December, 41q tons of butter manufactured. ■= Rain has interfered with the threshinft machines at Maryvale. One machine has been called In, and very little work It left for the others. The Departnrat of Agriculture htjr placed some cases of grapes and other fruits in season in cold stores. Besides having an experimental sMe, the fruit will be utilised from time to time to make up part of the department's ex hibit at the various shows *in the couh try. A wharf labourer at Brisbane was fined £20 or six months' imprisonment on • charge of pilfering cargo. m WEDNESDAY, January 28. The Salvation Army Home at Taring* wae totally destroyed by fire yesterday morning about 3.30, and three persona !o«t their livea—Connie Denver (who was. Ktamed to death), and Christina Marzol and Miss Halburn .(who succumbed to n. junics received by jumping from the upper balcony to escape from the ffames). Seven, other -women were injured. One of the zumaitoH, aged 26 yearn, has been arrcstted .. On a charge of murder. Henry Terns HopgooA was committed for tnal in the Central Police Court yes* terday on a charge of having wilfully ttrurderdd j?ridgeft, |Mfcry If* {wife, alt Marine, during itihe njght of Uaauuaay 17. The Training College for Teachers was Bj>ened yesterday. _A fire occurred at Tentcrfield yester^ day morning, and destroyed four build ttga in the main street. The interstate cricket match between New South Walev and Victoria was cou tinued in Sydney yesterday, the visitors in their second innings making 209 for the 4ms of eight wickets. , H. Hawker gave a fine exhibition of fly iny in Melbourne yesterduy, attaining a heipht of 5000 ft. ' , W. Honey, a cabman at Cairns, was crowned in a lagoon when mustering corses on Monday. The first series of school papers for 0.914 has been issued, coincident with the opening of the schools. The details of the celebration of the gabitee of the Railway Department have not yet been decided, but the (unction to mark the occasion, when there will be a gathering of railway men, will take place in the Exhibition Hall on Febru ary 25. The German residents of Brisbane and tte surrounding districts gathered to celebrate the birthday of the German Em- PWpr by a concert in the grounds of St. Andreas' Church. Wiokham-terrace. JDb Grace Archbishop Duhfcg arrived In Roma on Saturday morning, and on Sun day afternoon dedicated the new Con sent School just being built. The Minister for Railways is leaving Brisbane on Sunday night to perform we ceremonj of opening the railway Irom Gayndah to Munduttbera. A new guard's van, 50ft. long, for longdistance trains, has been built at We Ipswich Railway Workshops, as the outcome of a suggestion by Guard C. S&T; T, he VBn. ia to *• Pl**** on ex- Wbitfon in Market Square on the occa stton of the railway jubilee. A young man named James Vernon and Oeorge Argent, it Is reported, had a XX^Si a^ Breeza ' NSW' Vernon, it is th3?h ♦?* v *fj olver acd Bhot Ar««nk tarough the shoulder and then blew hla Drains out. JStLfT^" f f New South *•>«• *« written to the Acting Premier of Qneen?- Jjnd suggesting that the conference of Fwmiers be held in April or May. CTatmania. has come to an end. the Un&lt;A type operators going back at the orig nal rate for six months, with an ad- Tance of id. per 1000 afterwards. The 76th anniversary of the Hobart W«atta was held in bright cool weather, £nd i o every way it was a brilliant suc k^oV^iT 1 ?f lMt WMk «• total num •jr of old a*e pensions paid in the s?~W'^BSsji^ ft sst *•"?«« It v monad ky v,. Dm,-.. 