 Goolagong (From our own Correspondent) That -we should have in our midst, in the person of the famous meteoro logist-Mr. Clement Wragge, a ver itable wag-must surprise not a few who are apt to regard him as a mere forecaster of dry (ofttimes wet) facts and one who is apt to rouse a trifle at the lamentable apathy displayed by the little cockie and grazier towards his diligent and well-meant predic tions re the weather. Of course it may bo accident, but it looks like design, when we read in the "Forbes Advocate," of April 30th, that the clever, untiring Mr. Wragge says our only immediate chance of a shower lies in the fate of a depression hef aptly names " Conroy " hailing from the land, of the S. Frigid, and now makinsr desperate efforts to reach our sunbaked west, and water its arid plains with refreshing showers. "Con roy's" beneficent endeavours are, how ever, being hampered by two anti cyclonic disturbers of the weather and political peace, presumably "Fish er " and "Bennett," who want mat ters to remain in STATD quo, and are making Herculean attempts to oust "Conny," and frustrate his good in tentions and the . hope of those so ready to welcome his advent. It reminds me somewhat of the dreams on the night of the race which induces a fellow to plank a last, fiver on some outsider which eventually scoops the pool. Let'B hope the futile efforts of Antarctic Conroy to baffle his opponents may not hinder the other Conroy from rising above the political horizon. Meanwhile we are still anxiously on the lookout for a disturbance-we , care not whence or how-bringing a few inches of the much-needed pre cipitation. A euchre party inaugurated by our Cricket Club is on the tapis tor next week. Stock of all kinds are now beiag drafted to other parts of the State mostly ooastwards-a most unpre cedented state of affairs, and further evidencing the deplorable condition of the hinterland as, during our many previous harrowing droughts, we could always turn north, south, or west, but this time we are oompelled to seek sustenance in the east. Sickness is still all too prevalent in this looality, we have added a lot more than onr usual quota to the neighbouring hospitals during the last twelve months ; two of our town ies are in the Cowra hospital seriously indisposed at the present date, but we hope to see them arouud again in their usual good health. The results of the second round of the local billiard tournament are as follows: P. Haydon (65 on) beat V. Hodge (05 on) by 7 ; W. Hodge (85 ou) beat K. Duffy (50 on) by 30; T. Mclnnes (80 on) beat S. Pearce (60 on) by 12 j W. Edmunds (20 on) beat D. Bartley (85 on) by 6; Jas. Ed munds (So on) boat E. McKenzio (35 on) by 19 ; M. Dwyer (65 on) beat T, Melliday (65 on) by 24. The draw for the semi final is as follows:-J. Edmunds (35 on) v. P. Uaydou (65 on), 51. Dwyer (65 on) v. W. J, Edmunds (70), T. Mclnnos (80 on) v. W. Hodge (85 on). It is probably too soon to tip the winnor, but my fancy is T. Mclnnos 1st and M. Dwyor 2nd.  Wragge Ridiculed. ! The dreadful drought predicted by Mr. Clement Wragge, does not find any credence amoDgst - the weather ' prophets of Victoria. They maintain that Mr Wragge has been indulging in | " Jeremiads " for nine yearB, and that it would be distinQtly hard luck if he were not right some time or other. ' One of the chief of the weather-wise said Mr Wragge's general assertions are irrebuttable. During the summer [ time we shall most likely have extreme heat on hot days, especially in inland an l tropical narts of Australia, and in winter time we are likely to have rains i or fogs, and on the tops of mountains of high altitude snow will fall. .' Ovor in Western Australia it may be confidently predicted that copious rains will fall during the wet season, and on the north-west coast provision should be mace for willy-willies ; in Queensland we may expect cyclones in the cyclonic season ; and iu Sy Iney the atmosphere will be humid when condi tions make for humidity. "In short, one could not be far wrong when tipping to mention that ; there will be south winds, when the wind is blowing from the south In all these particulars not orie can possibly; disagree with Mr. Wragge. " Spoaking seriously, there is no : scientific data known to man that will etiablo ' anyono to predict, with any degree of accuracy, what the weather will be two or three years hence. This ; is the consensus of opinion of the princi- ? pal authorities of the world, who. are especially studying this problem . o£ weather prediction. " Going back to Mr. Wragge, it, will be remembered that he promised a vory bad season for Victoria in 1911, whereas wo had an exceptionally good and bounteous season;.., Gippsland Was to be burnt up." As a matter of fact, Gippsland was blessed with an abundant rainfall, and her primary industries wero j in a vory flourishing condition. The ; only way I can possibly ^aterpret the j doleful - warnings which Mr. Wraggo - issues at intervals is to take the reverse as being likely to happen. What he has said has net occurred. Therefore, wo may assume that what he doeB not say will probably happen." 