 WRAGGtE'S LATEST. WARNING TO FARMERS. Mr Clement 'Wragge offers some re cent observations on the universal subject of the weather. • "T.he only immediate prospect of intervening showers in inland and Riverina district lies in the fact that the extreme northern edge of an Ant arctic depression, named "Conro'y," is S.S.W. from j'Leeuwin.' 'Conroy' means well, and to him farmers must look during the ensuing ten days for a temporary refreshing precipitation. But two gigantic anti-cyclones, or thigh-pressure systems, on either side are doing their utmost, ?as it were, to block him, and it must candidly be admitted that the situation away from the' coast looks very serious. Solar conditions-still spell drought, as spe cial observations clearly show, while opposite effects have been, and will yet be manifest in the . Northern Hemisphere, to wit, the American floods—negative and positive etheric vibrations operating' respectively by wireless waves linking up the sun with the earth. "How much longer must,we. sound the warning note. We knew, in 1904 that 1912 would be a bad year in con tinental Australia. I frankly told the people so eight years ago, and was laughed at by those who had neither the brains nor the wisdom to under stand; But to; cry at the present time would be absurd. Now is the time for manly action on the part of the farmers: aivd pastoralists. Let them be.up_and doing—let them make wells, dam the little creek-beds 011 their holdings, 1 conserve! conserve! and let not the proverbial 'drop' of any intervening rain run to waste. Remember, Wragge is your, best4, friend."  A "PROPHET'S" PREDIC TIONS. HEAT WAVES, CYCLONES, . 'QUAKES. Australasia is in for a bad time. Past disasters will pale into insignifi cance if tlie predictions of latest pro phets—or even a minimum of them— come to pass. And there is always a chance that one may strike it right, and establish a reputation tor accur-. ate foresight. Many weather prophets have arisen in Australia of late years, but they have been content to^stop at predict ing for a year ahead. To Barmedman, however, belongs the honour of pro ducing a prophet, who has eclipsed the predictions of all the .names known to . Australia. Egeson, Russell", Wragge Hunt, and the niaii from Moree are not now in it. The new man is silent as to. his system. It may be as simple and as convincing as aching corns in the act of foretelling -rain.; But whatever it is, neither time nor distance checks its efficacy. Isobaric pressure, liigli lev- ■ el stations, lr tes, barometric observat ions, and the like^ which are believed to figure largely in the elaboration of the forecast of a day or "so have been overshadowed. Even Z'adkiel,' Old Moore, -and tlie other great predicters, have cmitented themselves with hazarding the doings oE a day but the Barmedman prophet's predictions "are enough . to make the boldest of Australia's citizens shiver in his shoes. Neither Mr.McGowen nor Mr -Wade, nor the' Egyptian, plagues could promise greater disast ers than Mr H. Walsh, of Barmedman,. who writes under date, May 2,. as" follows:-— , "During the first part of 1913 there will be great heat waives, ca'uSf Ing many deaths, cyclonic disturban ces, causing towns and shipping; to be seriously affected; • and devastating1 floods causing.great.loss ot life and, property. : : "Droughty conditio^ .jsyjlj , rule, more or less until"'. 191$.' ' Then -there will be a return to a succession of good seasons. There wilF- :He'i;?an" earthquake in New Zealand in the year 1912; and an earthquake' in Australia before 1917; and, owing to . the great depression'that- is about- to affect this country, free'or assisted immigration to Australia will cease in 1913. . The great drought of 1912 will continue until the end of this ■year.—(Signed) H. Walsh,- the Bar medmanWeather Prophet."  POPULAR ASTRONOMY, LECTURE BY MR WRAGGE Forbes has been on the qui vive for the past week or two in antici- pation of a visit from Mr Clement Wragge, who may with truth be said to occupy a foremost position amongst the world's meteorologists, and whose popular lectures through- out Australia, illustrated as they are by rare slides, are so eagerly looked forward to. Astronomy is such a vast subject that it is not an easy matter to make it interesting to all; only the thoughtful and intellectual fully appreciate a lecture on the sub- ject, and, unhappily, the majority are not both intellectual and thoughtful, and there is unfortun- ately in this generation a tendency towards the burlesque play, the taw- dry novelette, "what's the matter with father?" and "The bloodstained pirate of the Spanish main." But Mr Wragge handles his stupendous subject so lightly and airily, and spices it with touches of delicious humour that you feel at the end of the lecture that you have been un- consciously acquiring a knowledge of the universe, which otherwise could only be acquired by hard reading, or a course of study. The lecturer was introduced to his audience on Tuesday night by the Mayor of Forbes (Alderman J. Ed- wards) and by the Rev. J. McDowell (Presbyterian), who had been asked by the Mayor to officiate In his prob- able and unavoidable absence. But a Council meeting lapsed for want of a quorum, and the Mayor was per- mitted at the last moment to attend. The audience was large, and restive because of the heat of the full hall, but the lecturer maintained an edu- cative and discursive discourse. The screen on which the pictures were thrown announced the astounding fact that the value of radium is £3,584,000 per lb, and the lecturer further expatiated on the virtues of this rare element, a saltspoonful of which was sufficient to raise 500 tons a mile. "There is only a tablespoonful of it in the world, and I have the finest specimen of it in the southern hemisphere." It is found in pitch blende ore in Austria, and "there is no reason why it should not be found here in Austra lia," he added. Taking his audience with him by his easy conversational comments, and without overburdening them with the weight of figures, Mr Wragge showed how the emanations of ra- dium would travel 186,000 miles in a second, and yet it would take 2000 years to reach Alpha Centauri, whose solar system is our next door neigh- bour. By a vivid picture, he started out with his audience with a glitter- ing, clear, cold phantasmagoria of millions of stars, as seen through the bright rare atmosphere of the Himalayan mountains (Mr Wragge pronounces it Himalayan, with the accent on the first vowel "a," as in far). Next he visited the great Lick observatory, in the United States, wth it's 36-inch great equa- torial telescope, and we saw the wonders of the heavens through it; then the constellation of the Great Bear (Ursa Major) , with our own Southern Cross, and its two poin- ters, the lower of which is Alpha Centauri. Here followed one of Mr Wragge's apt illustrations. "Im- agine a railway," he said, "from the earth to Alpha Centauri, and the fare one penny per hundred miles, and what would it cost to reach that star? £700,000,000! The national debt of Great Britain! And then you would have to ask for more! How much? Another 200 millions! Travelling at 60 miles an hour, which is about the speed on the Forbes railway—(Laughter) — it would take 41 billion years to reach your destination! Who'll take a return ticket?" (Laughter). And so on, with here a sarcastic touch, and there a deliciously hu morous side remark, we went with him wondering at immensity, as- tounded at our littleness, in ador- ation of the Great Almighty, and roused from the serious phase every now and again by some quaint quip. He was describing the sun spots, the tremendous hurricanes, vortices, and cyclones of whirling combustion in one of these heat centres, and of how, in the combustion of the hy- drogen in the sun, the flames leaped outwards from the sun's surface to a height of from 60,000 to 324,000 miles, and he showed us our poor insignificant little earth in the chaos. It looked the size of half a-crown. "And yet you can't see Forbes, or Mr Speaker Willis, or Hosltins' smelte s at Llthgow." Space doesn't permit of following the lecturer all through the constel- lations of the Pleiades, Cygnus, and Orion, nor of describing the magni- ficent pictures from the sensitive plates of the observatories at the Lick, Heidelberg, Chicago. "Death is change; the spirit, or the soul, or the ego is immortal," said the lecturer: "nothing is utterly destroyed, no thing can be lost. If you could an- nihilate even the smallest insect, you would upset the plan of the uni-. verse." Some of the youngsters in the audience laughed at the idea of not being able to destroy the flea; : it tickled them. The holocaust of plague bodies at the sacred city of Benares, in India, was used to illus- trate that death is only change. Visits to the South Pole, with pic- tures of the auroras, or sun spots, of the milky way, and of a number of eclipses of the sun, Vesuvius in eruption, and of the effect of an eclipse of the sun on the nervous system of a hen, causing her to lay two eggs consecutively. Then, in the second part, beautiful views of the moon, and to finish with, a view of that rarest of elements, radium. Frank Denison Brown, general manager for Australia, of the Singer Company, has been arrested at Fre- mantle, on the steamer Morea. He will be brought back to Sydney as soon as possible. Arrangements have been made to extradite the firm's accountant, John McPherson, who has been arrested on a charge of embezzlement at San Francisco. 