 SAYINGS OF TO-DAY AND YESTERDAY. Circumstances alter kisses.—Caro lyn Wells. -Many are men of probity—until you I begin to probe.—J. Whitman. The man who can't remember when he was a fool is one yet.—Strickland Gillian. About the only way a woman can keep a secret is to keep it going — Nathan Levey. Woman: A being to run away from, or with—as the case may be —Elbert ■ Hubbard. Young men, ] have to advise you to try to be good rather than great. You'll have less competition.—T. Lawson. The wages of sin Is exposure— Es telle Klauder. A high old time lays many a man ■ow.—Cole Blease. On the. door of success is "push," in ! brass.—Upton Sinclair. Lots of people will take everything for granted, except a hint.-Green wood Lake. 'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all, but it isn t so cheap.—Sam Stimson. The trouble with the average mar ried man la that he doesn't know what a ewel his wife is till he comes to Put her in r casket.-General Sickles. "Northerner" writes:—Anent the drought, the.recent heat spell, and the Prospects of the rain which promises and never comes, it is curious to note that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before ? n 'tmaa' and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why It should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to tho extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this w nothing to talk about In those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsvllle which doesnt get iv ten Inches or so of rain a week considers itself In the throes of a fearful "drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti cyclones whloh spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with It. It isn't so much that a woman wouldn't, but she hates to think that you think she would. 