 , GOllSESPOWBE^OE, YANKO IRRIGATION SCHEME. Sir, — Hero is an instance of what the public would have to put tip with, if we had . a leasehold, system of land tenure only and our Government the landlord, which we can; see /going on at ithe Yanko irrigdtiori area. At Leeton : 14 business blocks,. averaging slightly ovel' Qtip quarter acre each, were lately gazetted io'r' rental' at an average upset price of £13 per. lot. —on a five per cent, freehold '?? basis equal to: £1040 an acre. For one-quarter acre residential sites £6 a year rent, equal to £480 an acre freehold on a ; five per cent, basis. Reappraisement is to talce place at' tile end of -.first1 25 years, and every- 20 years thereafter. ' .The more industrious the' holders 'in, iiiakiiig the town go ahead, the gi-'erfter, , the rdnt tha^ ; niay . be ex pected. : ai the , ^ny of , ea'e'h': -fcerril .- No w . ' at Harden ilidre lia«! oee'n a kee-n deitlJlnq for building sites. Business one's have ^old up., to £9; a foot; and at Murru'mb'urrah £16 a. foot. Sites for -residences bring £25 to £46 a,quartei;. acre. Tlie demand for houses far exceeds the supply. -The Lands Department lately ofrer.ed.- some' (fuarlier acre blocks' in a central position in .tiar den at £1 per , annum . rental, reapp'raise liient' .it end. of 25 years;- ~etc. Not. one has b'ceir ajjpiied. for— the tenure won't be accepted. . In the first place, note the dif ference in the 'value of residential sites. £600 a year at Leeton, with an iincei{tain future (a new township). ;/ ^£1 a year . at Harden, where . over 350 railway : employes., are permanently settled,, and the centr,e of a. large farming district. /At Harden' the Crown has to compete with 'the. owners of freehold, land, who are' subdividing s'ani^ for resideijtial sites. At Leeton the Irri gation Trust, being th'6 sole l owners, can make their own terms,' and are doing so with a vengeance. Five blocks are ? ga zetted at Yanko, available early next month, one nearly two acres; annual rent £2/8/, capitalised at 5 per cent.~ equal to ' £100 an acre. Another of 105 acres, ca-- pital value £2151/10/, .or. about £20/10/ an acre ('Gazette,'' page 5656); --^ These lands were lately bought by. the Irrigation Trust at about £3/10/ an acre/ ...Mr. C. Lee, ex-Minister for. Worksy said ..the .irrigation biocks:,at , Yanko are, the, cheapest m the world. Mr. JPrefle, the Minister for Lands,, says the^ Ia^nd is .worth £100 an acre. Tlie; Yanko irrigation, land's , are .''classed equal, to that at the Goulburn Valley in . vic toria (see Mr. L. A. B] Wage's report, in 1905): There the lands are offered free hold -t. from £15 to £18 : an 'acre. By paying 6 per cent, on the capital : value ? and interest at 4 per ceiit.,' both are paid off in 30 odd years/ This is for land' about 100 miles from ' Melbourne. .At Yanko, 350 miles from Sydney, '2| per cent, is charged on the Yanko subdivision, averaging £23/10/ an acre capital' value,, or o per cent, on' £11/15/ (the actual cost): and on the Mirrool subdivision 2\ per cent, on capital value.iof £29 an- acre, or 5 per cent, on £14/10/ an acre^— land that is . reappraised every, 25' years, with perpetual' residence. It it. '.to, be wondered at that, although over 10,000 persons in spected the, Yanko blocks, only about 500 have been^ taken, i and some of these are, now ' being abandoned; also .that, although £7000 have: been expended in an up-to-date butter : factory, there are only about 30 cream suppliers— and cows practically found. With the result that every pound of butter now being turned out at Yanko must cost, ab least .10/ per lb, '? Arid: this is what our Labor Govern-; ment has. brought our '.first'* large 'national irrigation, scheme to.— rY.ours trulv, ;-. ? :; ROBERT GIBSON. to the Editor of the 'Albury Banner.'' ', ? : Sir,TT;A paragraph has appeared, in a: Melbourne. ..paper which stated that Sena tor Maughan had requested ' in the Sen ate that. a more efficient systeiu of wea ther-wai^ning stations should, be. estab lished in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast, and that the Common wealth Meteorologist had intimated that the Brisbane Observ.a/tory is not/ up-to- date. For 16 ''years' I was head of the1 Queensland ' Meteorological Service, and during that time I 'established / (as Miv Robert1 ? Philp, a former1 Premier, fully .admitted) a meteorological and Aveathei warning system1 second to nono in the world. Everything was first-class when 1/ left Queensland in ? 1903, and, as everyone knows, 1; used to issue weather ?'? forecasts' for every ic part of Australasia, ; which' /wore verified to: 95 per cent, in accuracy,- Mr. Hunt has done me a cruel, , wrong; and I can onl.v look to. an ../iinpartial, and just, public .and . press, for , some measure , .of redress. Tlio _ Commonwealth, , Meteorolo gist talks of, installing new instruments, specially suited to the northern /climate. ' Allow' me to say' that 1 'p'orsbnally ' fixed iri; position in/ 'Queensland' the very' best standard instruments in all' pai'ts ' of -tho' country, including '(.'ape York' Peninsula ami the ' far Svostv Sueh: instruments' lire' available ' all ;' --'th'6' '\vorkV bver^ and1' /tlio1 sooner that the Minister. 'in' charge' and Senators generally '. realise' this, 'Ulid'ask a few pertinent quoKtions in the House, the better : it \vill' 1)0 ifor the get) era I j-ublic and nhippin^. - -My voto was only £l.ri00 a, -yoivr... and the amount now granted to the Weather Bureau cxceotls,: : I: under stand, .-£22,000 anmially., ? Groot uoodiHjte! : What do thov do with .(,he- money?: AVIiafc have they. (ionq. wjith.. it?.. Tlie. llK^oni-' h.'ina' wont down am! so flic! ,. tho.. 'You~: gahi,'' and not a word of w.'irnijig.^ppoiu's. to have- bee./i issued by ..the Federal- Me teorologist, who just' lately has been con-' cluctin.u; a series of grotes(|iio experiments in Melbourne, showing how the last named steamer must have foundered. That is 8 great consolation truly. sto widows and :.- orphaned:/ ...children . ,;- If the. . Queensland Weather Bureau had been operating un- ?: x der my regime most ample warning would /'; ' have been givenV ? In existing circuni? / ,?/ stances,' a special' weather bureatl'otight ?/£';/ /': to be' established -at' Cairns oVTqwnsville /./;;; before the hurricane -'months] entirely in- / /te dependent ; of ' '? Federal] controli i ? and tli© ?;?'. '^XWh sooner this ; isf done' ? ?- the ? :-bette'i'i- ! vThe ; ? ? 'H;^ whole matter' is in.therhandsiqf theipublic, ? SJv'; and so; I leave: it,- ; Let^ justice h& done -:' '-//^a-;; though: the ? heavens fall^Yoursyijetc.y. '; ':.:'::^:. , -? - ?.-' ' ^CLEMENT 'WRAGGE,/:iiu-: /?. ZS:€^ -.- ? ?'??? .',-lPvlS-9;Sv,''El:Rj':Mefc;rj3ocivr«S¥5;: -?^?M^ '??' (La^tei : ' GQvertlfii^iit' / v Meteorologist r;i: of /? -0|;; Queensland; and :fprinerly.:lof: Ben Nevis/ -^|£$^ Observatory, Scotland;) :-?! - l{; ? !'! -1;.w' ; /'/ ';';v;S^ - ' ? '?'''??' '? i ?' 'i '' ' ? : ' - '*''- ' '- ' '!:-'' ?' '? :: */.J-ffir-':  NOTES ON CURRENT EVENTS. A, man was found , in the gutter the other day. A policeman came along and pulled him out, and seeing that he. was incapable of taking care of himself,-, took him into custody: , On the 'road . to the .lock-up the prisoner became violent, and exhibited some proficiency in the use of bad language of ' marked force and originality. At .the police court next day ho was fined 5/ for drunken ness, and £3 for the rest of Ms! efforts The prisoner then .thought -lt to enter a vigorous protest .against the action of his guardian angel and tho .police generally, somo of whom he suggested ought to be 'kicked out.' This .? attack upon the man - who had rescued . him. from what most people would . consider an uncomfortable position, is ? suggestive . pf , .ingratitude. NIt all depends, howev,er,.,on. the point of view. The jyi-isoner possibly; felt at home in the gutter, enjoyed V, its perfumes. . recalling 'Araby the, blest,';; ,,and .resented eviction from his ..natural habitat. There is no ^counting for tastes. .',',' ..'.. '..' - . -? ,'...-- At a recent meeting, of the Musicall and Literary Society .; one of the ; members sug- . gested that -the ^.Municipal,- Council ; should be invited to- subsidise the: annual festival, which usually, results in a: balance on the wrong side of the- ledger.:, lie pointed out that in the unearned increment of land within the municipality was' lying a veri table mine of wealth* which only needed opening up in order, to provide ample funds for all conceivable public purposes. If this gentleman is. right — if the municipal revenue can be increased indefinitely, from ? some mysterious source not hitherto known' to be avail-able— the sooner the supply is tap ped the better. What on earth .has the council been about in borrowing here there and everywhere? Why not pay cash for. everything? Ratepayers should insist upon this hoard being unearthed .and. turned;: to. : ?' practical account, .without a moments de- ' lay. We shall then hiaye^nQ need,,tp; bother; ;;; about the,- collection of rates; c.^ :'^^;'^.--;-:;^ '???????:?? -^ /-?*?:{,??[? ,1* ,*??'-. .-:.;.?. .?;^;-i.iv«:;-ut'-;f'-^ V . ^.Henty'Wewspa^e'r^'in'a^nolice p'f'^-a- ' ;' musical' entertainment; calls' attention rtp a nuisance that stands' saJdly in need 'of sup pression at other places, .as well vis at Henty, in the following Terii'arks:-^'I:fc- would be as well for pa trims of local. ' concerts to bear in mind that^when'an item is being render ed that doesn't altogether' suit their taste, others in the audience are probably enjoying it, and to restrain themselves from talking, or leaking undesirable remarks '?'distasteful to those around them.' To this very use ful advice I would like, to add jthat the same 'offenders would ' corifi-r a.boon upon the audience generally' 'if;1 when an item appeals especially to their passion' for '? buffo songs and nigger minstrelsyj 'they would! graciously refrain froin insisting upon more . than three encores of their; iayouritb num ber. ' 'E don't know where ' he ar;e' is doubtless a' most effective sand enthralling melody, but;to the average1 ^over of music its too frequent' repetition somewhat mars the 'symmetry ''? of iy -well-ballanced5 pro griammeV ?' : ' ' ' ?' : ':'? ???????;?.':?' ?????? ? \ ?#; ?' '??'??? '??'_?; ;: #'?,'? ;/ '?'??? :*;'' ^-' ; * ': - . . -: ,, In ...the'-, course of an address deliverecl last week in a Victorian '.town, Mr. (Jlemenfc Wragge entered an emphatic j/rptest againsb 'the:. selection of Yass-Panb.erra as a. :.- site for the federal capital, and pointed out that the money proposed' :to '? be spent in this direction could be devoted to ' much better purpose. He said that .true statesmanship . would be to spend the money intended for the Federal capital in . locking the rivers, especially the Murray and tributaries, con serving the water for irrigation purposes, instead of founding the Capital in such an absurd locality 'a's Yass-Canberra. llather, he said, 'should the capital be in' the snowy ranges, where the bracing atmosphere and a pure water supply ;wouki breed' a race of feritty statesmen.'. It is to be feared that the adoption of 'Mri' Wragge's altemative, if not actually involving 'a jump 'out of the fryingpan into the fire' \voiild be some thing nearly as bad; in the !way bf-Bceking refuge from the inclemency of the snow storm by taking up' oiie's' quarters on an iceberg: The' breeding of a race of 'gritty stateemen' is ho doubt a desirable1 objec tive, but it can hardly be necesaary to this end that our Parliamentarians should bo compelled to undergo a course of training for Ah tafctic exploration. . #'.''? '?'»''' » '?' ? ? :;?#??' ; ? -, '.;;? ,. One of the cardinal principles of unionism^ ^ is 'onq lnan one job,' and it is.' carefully . cherished jii .Labour circles. Yet strangely eripugh spnip ? of the leading lights of I/a-, boiir and .linioiu'sm set a very bad example, in the matter of. practising the cherished1, precept. This was pointed out a few daysi ?ago by Mr. O: W. Oakes. 'If,' he said,, 'a raihyay man has' a taste for.' music, and,, having, mastered' tho; fiddle,' is 'able to earn- three half crowns by playing in his spare : time, the union goes straight to the Kail way Commissioners. ' Or if a civil servant-, was to play an organ in a church ior which, he was paid £50 pot annum, you would1, find a deputation to the Minister for his: particular department.' The speaker went, on to show that tho Federal Attorney General, whilst drawing his salary as; I|i3iliriister, occasionally practises' as a barri ster,- and does literary: workr besides;- whilst '?Mr. A. .Griffith is doing well in. a !anancial agency commission business. Whether Mr. :.Oakes is right or wrong concerning the - .members of Parliament referred to, he is ceVtainly not far from the truth when he protests against the jealousy that prompts an underhand vittacki upon a man who tries in an honest fashion to supplement in -'??. Ins own time a- possibly hot loo liberal salary or wage. There have been instances ? of /this kind in Albury— -a city which should ; be the exemplar of all that is desirable, ? rather than ah example of anything that is ^unworthy. ?????'? ''??????'? ? :-; ???' '?? '??????'-??. -' Sir James Graham, a former riiayoi'— 1 ; begipardori, 'Lord May of '—of Sydney and jitBtinow1 a candidate for a seat in the Legis . ;lative; Assenlbly, has established a claim a$o*the support of the electors Which has iribii I think, been preferred by any other 'eandidkte;' For a long time past there has been si1 conflict of opinion as to the precise meaning' of the word, 'wowser.' It is not to be found in any standard dictionary; it is not' yet1 authoritatively included in any recognised slang vocabulary. . Some people ^regard it 'as the equivalent of 'teetotaller;' /'others.' contend that it means only a man imbued with strong religious convictions—: I have riot heard of female wowsers. It is generally looked upon as a terms of dis : paragement specially applicable to anybody ^manifesting a- puritanical tendency; but .so far the precise meaning has not been ; absolutely defined. Sir James at this junc ture comes to the rescue. He declares that i'lA wowser is a self-righteous humbug,' his conception of the character being probably a kind of cross between a Ghadband and a Stiggins, with perhaps a dash of the Peck sniff ; strain dropped in to strengthen the .type. The country is indebted to Sir James for. his little philological effort, but it was oingerierous to supplement his scholarly de r-;iiriition .by the nasty remark 'There are as many . (wowsers) in the Trades Hall as in the Liberal ranks/' .-'? There is really no necessity for the introduction of political animus into a purely scientific speculation. . : }--\ ' *.-:'?'?? ?'-*??' -N ? ???* ??.,«''??? * ? ? ; ^?' Certain allegations that have been made, concerning- the methods adopted . in some , cheap restaurants go to ' show that ^ the .principles1 of economy are pretty closely ?odbserved in the hash-houses of the City of the Beautiful Harbour. Even Sydney, how-.; ever,', haa something to learn, from West Australia.' A recent -telegram from Perth, ??' affords 'in illustration, of' thrif tiness raised to:!t.He level of 'Ane art. The facts were dis;.,, v closed through a little ..fracas -between a '^waitress and a cook— how often the most -valuable discoveries are the result of .some apparelty insignificant fortuitous happen-, ??'ingl'/, /.'The .waitress had toasted a muffin ^find .prQceeded to take some butter from* 'i the. ice chest. The cook prevented her, she Jait the cook over the nose, and he replied; ^witlva'table knife cutting a little gash -in, ?fier; wrist. This form of rejoinder being, illegal, , ihe cook was summoned to the police court when the -facts came out. .-It - Beems that in this restaurant the rule is - that if -the waitress want3 butter she must ask the pantryman, but this girl had a: fanciful objection to the .pantryman's me-: thods. 'His practice was to scrape off the;, butter remaining on customers' plates with' his fingers., The butter so; obtained was then neatly rolled up and became available ^ for the waitresses and the customers. The waitress, evidently: a pernickety young wo - man,.: turned up r:h|r hose at the butter so obtained, hence the. row and the interesting aiaclbsure. Australians have been charac terised by some of our' critics as unthrifty vpeople^ but the keeper of the Perth restau rant, his Trdhscientious cook, and his in tensely: economical pantryman are striking ; 'jexanipies of the falsity of this allegation. ? The practice of tinkering with the tariff is apparently unending and just now trade ? jri.;cie'r,ta-in articles , of large consumption .Beenis; to ,be almost paralysed. The comp, trbller^Genei-al of Customs and his large /?^BtaffiAr^'at'^i9 moment working night and ?day in, i order to arrive at a satisfactoi-y deciBio^aa to the proper duties to be levied 7on dolls (dressed arid undressed) teddy bars;. ; jelephanta and golliwogs. , No final conclusion has even been arrived; at . in con nection. with the important items of Bun-. ? 'kens and' plush eskimos. There seems to have been an immense number of conflict-, irig decrees on these grave ., questions, and the whole staff of the Sydney office is .in. ? despair- in their wild efforts to reconcile *the orders. To make - confusion ? ? worse , confounded , the following telegram reached Sydney a few days ago:— 'Teddy bears, and 'elephants, clogs, etc, made in the style of teddy bears, dressed or undressed, item 326, as , toys (vide wire 14th inst). 'This cancels decision re elephant dolls m F 10/422 of 2/9/10. The reference to teddy bears in the following decisions (which might be read as implying that teddy bears 'undressed' come within , item ???? 327) , ia to be deleted :— Dolls, plush, 1- . 09/618, Supplement 4, page 3. Dolls, billiken, F. 10/347, Supplement 14, page 5. D6lls, plush Eskimo, T. 10/421, Supplement 17, page 4.' It is really high time that tins dreadful condition, of uncertainty was re moved. I hold no brief for teddy bears or gollywogs. I am not deeply concerned in billikens, but if they constitute staple articles of ' commerce, the proper import duty should be settled once for all to the end tfuit the 'commerce of tl\e nation may go on all right. As. for 'plush eskimos,' if the Influx ?; of Aliens '? Restriction - Act : d&n't make clear the ^course, to be, adopted regarding these immigrants, then I want to know what the Influx of Aliens Restriction Act is for. ' -? ?'??-?'? '??/?? ??????? ????- LIPPON DAIRH. ' ' .The Riyer.-^-The Murray at Albury yes iterday was 6ft. r4in. above summer level. ?'['Labor. Candidates.— Among .the candi dates nominated in the interests of Labor the following vocations are represented : — -Barrister-afcLaw, ;solicitor, grazier ^ man ufacturer, clergyman, . managing, director, land agent, patent attorney j auctioneer, newspaper proprietor contractor, commis sion agent, librarian, master coach builder j master tanner, chemist, factory manager, commercial traveller, teacher, clerk, ac countant. ? . Election Meetings . —Mr. M'Laiurin has held successful meetings on the Upper Murray, arid Mr. Ball has also been well received at various centres in the Corowa eleeto.ra.te. Mr. J. Grant, tho selected Labor candidate for Oorow a, and Mr. B. C. Loyd, the selected Labor candidate, for Albury, addressed a joint meeting of elec tors from Corowa and Albury at Culcairn on ^Tuesday, the 26th inst. Mr. J. D. S. Smith presided, and a large number of electors, including a, number of ladies, were present. ? ,,:,- .,-. -.. . Got Him.-r-A pick-pocket was smartly arrested by. an Albury constable : at the Hsnty Show. He wa6 an elderly pick pocket, and lie was 'an industrious one, as the constable recognised after a couple of 'hours' observation. He tried halfa dozen pockets before ho 'dived,' and the policeman caught him in the act. The pocket which the thief tried to operate iipori contained a purse and a pocket knife. ? The constable, who was in dis guise, brought his man to' the Henty lockup, and he will duly; appear before the court.-.. ' . :- ''''.;. ;.':f ,t .'. ..;'„'. . . ' .'. Publication Received.— Wehave received from -the Lands Department' a . pamphlet gi virigrJa summary of the -provision s of the - Closer-Settlement Promotion Act,-l&10, and regulations for the, information of those who may be desirous of securing land there under. The pamphlet sets out fully and clearly the procedure necessary to bring lands;..under the 'Act, the conditions trader .which*' the lands are valued, the; advance of ? purchase money, obtained, and the provision as to ''repayment', etc. Copies of the .jjamphlet can bo obtained- at the Informa tion Bureau, Department of Lands, and at ^all country offices. ..,..,... Wo License and Hops.— An inter jpctor. at. Mr. Judkins' meeting, on. Tuesday night ap peared to be greatly concerned about the ':£2J:e of the; hon-pickers lindei' no license. ' 'What will they do ?'he asked. Mr. Jud kinSjlike a. certain historical character, paused for a reply. 'They nan. pick straw berries!' put in another voice. 'Are you 'in favor of making cigarettes from hop ' leaves ?' v was another'. -' 'question' put _ to the speaker. There was laughter, which -was not diminished when Mr. Judkins as sured the questioner that if he wanted a drink when no license came into force he ?would have to 'hop' to another district. : ? The Licensing Law. — At the Albury Police Court on Monday, before Mr. H.F. Itoberts, P:M., James Day and Frederick ;;Trumble were each fined 10/ and 6/ costs %n a chargevof having been found on the licensed premises of the Court House Hotel: Huring prohibited hours on September 18. ??'A. similar charge agst Alfred Ashby was: ^dismissed. Major Wilkinson appeared for the defendants in each case. In Ashby' s' case it was proved that defendant was out for a drive with one of the bolirders at tho hotel,- arid simply passed from the yard to tho front of the premises out on to the street, where he was' met by Constable. Leaver, who' laid the information. The P.M. was satisfied with the explanation. The No-License Agitation. — A very well attended meeting was held on Tuesday evening at the Mechanics' Institute in the interests, of the 'No License' movement. Mr. If. B. Munro occupied the chair, and with him on the platform were Rev. J. Ren toul, Mr. Judkins, Mr. Tandy, and others, with some ladies. There was also a large gathering, of ladies in the a\idience. The principal speaker was Mr. Judkins, who delivered, a forcible address, mmctuated at frequent intervals by interjections from the audience. No new ground was opened up by the speaker, who, however, made the most of the stock .arguments, and strongly urged the electors to vote 'No License.' At the close of his address Mr. Judkins was accorded a vote of thanks on the motion of the Rev. J. B., Rentoul. Wedding. — An interesting wedding was solemnised at St. Matthew's Church of England, Albury, on Tuesday, the con tracting parties being Cooper Cooper, of Gundagai (lata of Albury), and Miss. Fan- ny Coxwell Hoysted Forstcr, second d'aughter of Mr. J. C. Forster, of AUmry. Tlie Rev. Canon Bevan officiated. The bridesmaid was Miss T. Haystcd, and Mr. C. F. Cooper (brother of the bridegroom) was best man. Tlio ceiremony was witness ed by a largo congregation, the parties being popular in Albury. Miss Butcher officiated .it tho organ. There was a large- :' ca.theriri.se of friends at St. Mat thew's Hall and at' tho residence of the bride's parents in the evenino: in celebra tion of the happy event. The presents wero. numerous and valuable. The Electoral Law. — At the Albury Police Court on Monday, before Mr. H. F. Ro berts, P;M., James Joseph Mcade was charged with that he 'did unlawfully wit ness a certain claim made under part 3 of the Parliamentary Elections Act 1906 by one John Patrick 'Grant, and directed by section 26 of the said Act to be witnessed, without satisfying himself by inquiry from the said claimant that the statements con tained in the said claim were true.' De fendant pleaded . not guilty. Seniorcon stable Kersley gave evidence, as to having made inquiries in the case. He had been unable to find Grant. Defendant said Grunt was away shearing, and would be back in a fortnight or so. He would ask for an adjournment to enable him to call Grant as a Avitness-. The police offered no objection arid 'the adjournment was granted. 1 'ISfow .tliut; Spring .is': Here.'— The Al bury ?'?? cLs trict^is 'Jo-j-kingi' at : its- best just ?tit-pros'eU^o.&HiKtojto'ivhi itself; is-really beaii ;tif uly ?- :as .;t|re: j sweatj^rees; axe^putting ;on , ?the.ii ,., cpvfer j x\ g .of i; .bright;, , leaves,- and . the garden flmTOrs.'ar6?-m boe'ti a ' ;^-c-iidGr f ul^^ojyrth'^in'- ^ ithQ^crops' and pastures^ 'arid'-sfecfc .¥re'-f;hfealtliy; and ; in siplendid iconditaSnd+m^iewMs^irom: the train ,:,tirav6llliig,;rf^bet4y^n\(-:.;A!bu_ry_ : and Henty , . the country ,_. looksi '', Y&TJ:. pictures que and fertile. \ 'An ?.American visitor who passed ' through ' : A'lbury ; ;bn Wednes day remarked that .he-;had. seen a lot of Australia/ but) .regarded Riverina , as the best part of it, taken all; round. 'I can't guess,' he said, 'what . principle you peo ple have adopted in selecting your Federal Capital.' He is: not the only 'one whsf 'can't guees.' ?. .:?? ?:?:]'? ,.;;.-? i;- ??-.; :; A Generous Gift.— The Minister ior Public Instruction (Mr- Hogue) on Friday received notice of the: offer, of Mrs. . Fal kine-r, of Deniliquin, of £2,500 to provide a University scholarship,, .tenable for four years, for pupils of the. Hay District School. He hais decided to add a depart mental scholarship to it. The . gift is to be known as 'The F. S. Falkiner. Scholar ship.' It is expected that it will be worth from £80 to £90 a year. _ Mr. _ Hogue said that the effect of this patriotic act on the part of Mrs. Falkiner would: do much to encourage higher education in the Riverina, and it would become neces sary to organise the Hay District School as a high school', so that pupils through out the- Riverina might find within their district a secondary school that , would carry them to the doors of the University. Organisation of Farm Labor.— A _ report from Melbourne states that application has been made for the., registration of the Rural Workers' Union 'of Australia as an organisation under the Commonwealth Conciliation and' Arbitration Act. The union consists of farm hands, employees in agricultural, horticultural, viticultural fruit-growing, market gardening and dairy ing industries.; Emploves in these indus tries were specially excluded from tho pro visions of the 1904 Actj but recent amend ments to the Act allow of all but _farm hands being included. The union will be conducted on the lines of the ' Shearers' Union, and will be one of the largest in' Australia. It is estimated that the mem bership will exceed 10.000 within the next few months! The application1 will be in the office for 30 dnys, and. if no objection to registration is lodgecl the application will be granted... ? ..,-.... Court Riverina, .A. O.F. — A' presentation : of ; lpng-seryice medails to members who have attained their 25 years' membership with Court RiveririPV No. 4842, Ancient Order ? of ? Foresters, : took place in the M.U. Hall, ;, Albury,. on Monday night, af ter the regular business of the quarterly meeting of the court. Past Chief Ranger and Secretary Bro. Wm. Jackson presided, \n the abserico of C.R. Bro. C. LobBo. Nine .medals were to have been presented, but only four recipients put in an appear ance, four being absent through sickness. Bro. Jackson presented the medals, the recipients being Bro.- J. Crisp. Bro. C. F. Monk, Bro. C. Godde, and P.C.R. Bro. W Miles Representatives were present from the M.U./I.O.O.F., I.O.R.. P.A.F.S. and Loyal Murray Lodge, I.OiO.F. Af-. ter the presentations, a toast list was gone through, and a musical programme ren dered Those not present who. were entitl ed to inodals are: — Bros. A., A. Jones, R.; Oeilvie. H. Ritchie, P. Wilkinson^ and J F. Gocdland. ; -:.:;:-?-, - ^ ; -; The Weather.— The ' past fiew days h'ave: been cold and windy in Albury.; On Mon day the conditions indicated- 'rain -.and a: light showcir iell, but. .not. sufficient to af fect the rain gauge at tho p-^t offic-y On Tuesday 1.3 points fell, and on Wednesday ; 15 points weax- registered. Up to yeste|r-i day the iotal fall for the month was 350 points, raui having fallen on eight dif-; ferent days. Last .year the registration for +he 'month of September was 155 points, and in 1908 it was 353 points. For tho nine months of the present year just, completed the total registration has been 1759 Txrints, as against 2408 points for the same 'period la.pt year, and 1858 points in 1908. With. fchraiV months of the present year still to go, it is not likely that the year's total will bo very much below the average for the district'. The. latest offi cial forecasts are as follows: — 'Wew South Wales.— Thunderstorms _ in the cxtromo north-east, and more rain over the south eastern quarter, temporarily fine- in other parts, but rain To-turning to nil constnl nnd hipliland d'stricts wlion cyclone moves eastwards. Victoria.— Gn.i^s and rain ovov east, south, mid eeiitral distvicts ; fine in tho north-west.' Obituary.- — Th^ d^ath occurred nt the Wcolslied, near Beo^ln'-orth, on Friday, of Mrs. Tiaooy, wife of Mr. James Lacey. of t-bat district. For the past two vears Mrs. Lncoy had boon in indifferent health due to heart trouble. Latterly her K-si- tion, became very serious, and pneumonia supervened. The deceased 'lady was about 40 years of age, and resided for lome years in Albury. She was formerly a, Miss , Barry, and her mother, who was a very aged woman, is still living at the Wool-, shed. The late Mrs. Lacey was a sister of Mrs. Evelyn. Arthur, of Albury She , ' leaves a husband but no family. — The 'Argus' reports :— Thefriends in;y. Mel- bourne of Mr. Michael Thomas werV great lp shocked to hear of his sudden death on Monday. Mr. Thomas had complained of pain the night before, but had gone to the city as usual. On returning for lunch a porter at Sandringham noticed that he was ill, and helped him out of the carriage. Assistance was at hand imme diately, but in a few minutes he died. Mr. Thomas was welll known in Bendigo, in religious, business, and mining circles; and at Sandringham, where he had lived for 20 years, he was very popular.' ...Mr. Thomas was an uncle of Alderman Thomas of Albury. A Victim of prink.— At the Alburr Police Court on Saturday morning, May F;arrell, 42, who was before the court recently on charges of drunkenness and using indecent language, was again presented on similar charges. Constable Nesbit proved the of fences. Sergeant Blackburne proposed to deal with the woman under the Inebriates Act. He called John M'Kenzie, gaoler at Albury, who produced records of convic tions for drunkenness against tho accused in Sydney. She had' been . convicted 69 times during the last 10 years ; two of those convictions were within, the last three months. Accused was the holder '. of a license under the Inebriates' Act. She was released under that license on. the, 1st No vember last year, and was still bound by the conditions of the license. Accused gave evidence. She said, she was a single wo man, and pleaded guilty to the charge of drunkenness. If she used the languago.sho did hot remember it. She had come to Al bury and got a situation here. After hear ing accused's evidence, the P.M. said he hardly knew what to do with a woman like her. 'Why don't you give up tho drink?' he asked. Accused said she had tried very hard, but had had a. lot of trouble. * She said she had been working, and had not been drinking much lately. She pleaded for another chance. The P.M. decided to deal with accused under the Inebriates Act, and ordered her to be placed in, the institu tion at Long Bay for six months. A Crowded Train. — The arrangements in connection with the conveyance of pas sengers from Albury and intermediate ' stations to Henty on Wednesday ? were about as unsatisf actory as . . could well; be imagined. When the 9 a.m. , goods train left Albury it was well filled, and by the time that Tabletop, Ettamogah, Gerogery, and Culcairn' had been passed it was 'ab- solutely packed. The journey from Al bury occupied about three hours, and it was anything but. a . pleasant one. On the return journey .matters were even worse, if possible. The train was timed to leave about 8 p.m., but long before that hour the crowd took up positions on the platform : | with a . view' to securing seats. When the train steamed in there was a wild scramble for the carriages, but there were not enough seats to go round, and. many indignant voices were lifted in protest. 'Some blamed the Railway De partment, and others the Henty Show committee. 'They'll never get me at a Henty Show again as long as I live,' said one well-known district resident on the Henty platform. When reminded that . It may not be altogether right, to blame the Henty people for the bungling of the Railway Department, the well-known re sident talked fight. . 'Blame them/' he said, 'what are you talking about! My wife and children are down there in a wretched van-, and I've got to try and climb in somehow. Blame ? ' ' And this man wasn't tho only infuriated pas senger. The whole business was, typicaLof the wrotched methods in vogue in,, our railway management. No effort wrts made, so far as could be seenj to cope with the unusual crush of traffic.1 Whe ther or not the Henty committee were to blame in the matter, the writer cannot 6ay. Possibly they did not write to. he Department — perhaps they should have run a special train — but iii any case the Department .. must have ? known that there would be a: r: big crowd, and should have, made 'reasonable provision for ? its accommodation, especi ally on the return journey: It seems' ^use- less to' hope for an improvement, -as this port of thing, in one shape or: another, has been occurring for years past. Just what that something is which ought to bo done* is a problem for someone not con nected with- the Railway Commissioner's staff to workout. , . ;,.;,,. ?Protecting the Wage-earners.-— The first prosecutions in. Albury under the. Industrial Acts of New South. Wales, were 'dealt with - at the police court on 'Tuesday/ wb'fn Ad.i Brings, proprietress of drapery and dress making establishment in Dean-street, was prosecuted on . five different, informations laid by Walter I. Taylor, Senior Inspector of Factorier l:i Now South Wnlbs. Tho first case -.was laid under the Shops :and Factories Act, and set forth that defendant had neglected to register her premises as required by tho Act. In the' four o+her oases defendant was charged with neglect ing to pay not less than sixuence tea money to four of her employes who worked over time. Mr. Wilkinson appeared for de fendant. After a- consultation, it was ar rangprl that defendant should plead guilty to neglecting to register her premises, and ' - also to one of. tho other charges,, and tho Inspector agreed to withdraw the . other three charges. Mr. Taylor explained that the Act had come into operation in Albury in November last. In March last ho bad visited the town and explained to local em ployers what was required of them. In this case it was found necessary to prose cute, but the department did not press for a heavy penally, seeing that it was the first prosecution here. It was desired that the prosecution should be taken as a warning to employers in the whole district. The Act was designed £oi\ the nroteotion of the employes, and the object was to discourago overtime as much as possible. At the re quest of Mr. Wilkinson, defendant was al lowed to make a personal statement to the court. She complained that she -had been picked out- whilst others had been allow ed to pay up back money and were not brought into court. It was not fair. Mr. Wilkinson urged that a nominal penalty would meet the case. The; P.M., in reply to defendant's statement, .said that a start had to be made, with someone.' If' others offended they would no ?' doubt be prose cuted. In view of what Inspector Taylor had; said,- he imposed a fine of 1/ and. 6/ costs in each of the two cases.. Mr. Taylor said. ; the department would be satisfied with' a nominal fine in this instance, but it must not be taken as a precedent in future. The Fire Brigade. — On Wednesday evening at too Council meeting the fol lowing letter was read from the Board of Fifd Commissioners : — ' 'Referring to your letter of July 12, and vour reminder of the 21st inst. (Nos. 935 'and 43/10 le Spectively), inquiring (1) whether the esti matea expenditure of the Board of Fire Commissioners of New South Wales of £513 in the Albury Fire District, for the current year, includes the building of a Hew fire station; and (2), if not, how the expenditure is arrived at : I have the lionor, by direction of the president of the board to reply : — (1) The work of reorgani sation, supplying brigade deficiencies, tak . ing over assets and liabilities, and general detail, which the board lias had to under take practically throughout the State, lias been so great that it has been found to be impossible fol* the board to enter upon the matter of building this year, in any districts That has had~*to be deferred, and no 'doubt the council will be communicat ed with'1 when any proposal for building a suitable fire station in Albury is being considered. (2) The estimates of the board for the first year of the on-eration of the Fire Brigades Act 1909 were neces sarily largely tentative, there being no full year's experience for guidance. The cost of necessary fire brigade maintenance in certain places was, however, known, and the populations and property valuations of all the centres of population. These were the chief guides, and in striking its estim ates the board took these into considera tion. It is now apparent that for some districts, owing to different conditions, the estimates were below what was actu ally required ; but for some — notably for Albury — it would seem that the expendi ture probably will not reach the estimate and that Albury will have a credit bal ance to'- carry forward the next year. Every year adjustments will, of course, be made. Where the expenditure has ex ceeded the estimate in any year the debit must be maae good in the following year by the fire district affected, and the con tribution of the council be increased by. sufficient to provide one-third of the defi ciency; and, vice versa, wnere the estim ate be more than the expenditure (-as seems probable in the case of Albury), a corresponding reduction in the succeeding . year would occur. In any district, the Government, and the Fire Insurance Com panies, have «.ach to contribute as much as the council; and the whole. Ipfs admin istration cost, must be expended by the ? board oh the district, which therefore re ceives the benefit of practically three times the council's contribution. I have to atwlogise for the delay in replying, which, was due to such a multitude of mat ters from all parts of the State, in the new conditions calling for immediate at , tention, that it was impossible to deal with all as promptly as desirable, and as I- trust. this office will be able to do when ? things settle down into a more regular routine.'— -The letter was received.  NOTES ON CURRENT EVENTS. The last issue of the 'Government Gazette' contains a series of by-laws and regulations which snould be of interest to travellers. Here is one which a good manj travellers would no doubt like to see en forced : — .'No person shall give or offer a gratuity to any employee of the Chief Com missioner under a penalty not exceeding two. pounds.' All the same, not one man in twenty hurrying to secure 'corner seat in smoking car, back to engine,' would have the hardihood to evade payment of the customary tip. ' w ff * More to the purpose, and assuredly much more necessary is the following: — 'It shall not be lawful for any passenger- to take possession of the seat in a railway carriage of any other passenger- who has been oc cupying such seat, and who has tempor arily left the carriage for refreshments or other purposes. Any person so offending, and refusing to ncive up the seat -to' the previous occupant, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding two pounds.' Under the terms (of this regulation a passenger mnv safely vacate his seat for a. few minutes without having to contest the claim of somebody who has 'jumped it,' and is possibly prepared to defend the claim by a resort to fisticuffs. Hencefor ward the passenger will be able ? to shunt responsibility ifoi) any demonstration of force, on to the car conductor. « » ?» * Two scientists in London have been con ducting investigations for the purpose of determining the value of different foods for the prolongation of human life. Both are believers in thoroxigh mastication. One holds that no ment should be eaten. The other pins his faith to 'frugality and sour milk.' I've known a lot of chaps who've had to be 'frujral,' and in summer timo most of us have to put up with sour milk in the evening, but so far there are no centenarians among my acquaintances. Anyhow, if q^q hus to forswear for ever p, nice /fillet steak properly grilled, life ?would hardly be worth living. it « * ? ?* Mr. , Wragge is setting a bad example ?with his dreadful weather predictions, and a number of amateur meteorologists are trying their hands at the same game. From ; time to time one favours me with a fore- ; -cast. Here is a sample. The prophet, ' writing in September, said: — 'For October , there will be great cyclonic disturbances, j Great hail and thunderstorms; terrific '? lightning. Widespreading rain and j floods!' Now, seeing that not a drop of [ rain fell until the last day' of October, and then a bare half inch, there is probably not much cause for anxiety in this- gen tleman's further prediction: — 'Great heat wave,this summer 1912 a drought, and the beginning of bad seasons/' i ° * * * « Farmers and graziers will be glad to learn that there is a remedy for the cater pillar pest. You have only to catch half a dozen of the insects, and give them a good feed of lettuce leaves. This diet brings on cholera of an infectious type. ~ You then turn the infected caterpillars loose in the mob, and widespread mor tality will be the more or less immediate result. The plan is simple, but there are Bome trifling difficulties in matters of de tail. A visitation of caterpillars generally means pretty rapid destruction of garden or vineyard. 'Whilst you are feeding up the sample caterpillars, and even for some time after, the main army will be getting in its deadly work. May it not be that a heavy roller would prove more effective? * # ~ * * The dematiu for ' 'preference to union N. Ssts' got a bit of a set-back at the Boothby election. It was: about time. Some very enthusiastic unionists are, it seems, now disposed; to question the right of a free labourer to ride on the State railways. The other day a man entered a suburban train near Melbourne, when a unionist caught sight of him and began at once to make 1;_ 'Unkind remarks, which subsequently led to V1 Iris appearance as defendant in a police '- ,, court. -According to the complainant, de ,?' fendant said:— 'Every ? scab should be ' '? Bhot.' Later^ as witness was leaving the. carriage at Yarraville, . defendant said to * his companion, 'Don't forget to stand the ? — — on his ? head.' The defen dant denied, all this, but an incredulous and unsympathetic Bench fined him 40/ for his little pleasantry. * * * * - An interesting piece of information was afforded at the last meeting of the Albury branch of the Farmers and Settlers' Asso ciation. It appears that it is not per missible for live stock to cross the- Murray by punt at Wagra, because Wagra is not . a recognised crossing place. Seeing that there is no other place within scqres of miles whereat facilities are provided for crossing, this seems rather hard on owners and drovers. There is, however, no diffi culty in obtaining a. permit to swim over the river, so that anyone with a mob of cattle can easily overcome- the difficulty by driving the stock into the waters—if they choose — alongside the punt. I think it - was Dan O'Connell who claimed to be able to drive a coach and' four through any Act of Parliament. There is consequently no cause for surprise over the discovery of a method for bullocking a mob of short horns through the regulations of the Stock Department. « « # * A happy illustration of the phrase, 'Wolves in sheep's clothing' — founded, ? by the way, on a Scriptural passage — was afforded the other day in Sydney. A 'two-lip' school was engaged in its stu dies, remote, as the scholars believed, from police observation, when a flock of sheep happened along, followed by the drover's. cart garnished with ^ billies, frying pans, and other ornamentation, and bear ing traces of old repairs effected with green hide and fencing wire. The scholars made way for the sheep, a compliment which was not returned, for when a small mob of sturdy constables emerged from the cart, the nusty comebacks barred the ?way of escape, and many of the school 'were captured. The deceitful action of the police in this matter cannot be too strongly condemned. If an innocent flock of sheep is not to be trusted, in whom, or in what, can an innocent student place confidence ? . « # * . » The return of the Liberal candidate for the Boothby election, by a majority of 2600 votes is a significant sign of the times. It is worthy of note that the battle was fought out. mainly on the question of preference to unionists, and on this point the Federal Government sustains a very severe set-back. The most significant feature of the contest, however, lies in the faot that Boothby is the best organised district in South Australia, both by the Liberal and Labour party. That is to say, ♦ for once the two parties met on equal terms. The Labour electors, of course, are always organised, but this time tho Libe rals were also in training, and hero is the result.' At last election Labour won by 4000 votes. This year, although the Prime Minister came to' the aid of his follower, Labour was beaten by 2628 votes. What has been accomplished at Boothbv may be done in other places if tho Liberals choose ^ to work. # * -H Ji- lt may have been noticed by some readers of this column that I am not on all points mute in agreement with tho single tn.xors. ? It is all the more satisfactory to discover that there are sonip questions on which I can heartily agrees with them. Here is one. At tho last meeting of the Executive Pounce of tho Sydney Single Tax League, the following resolution was carried iuia- i nimously : — 'That the Sydney Single Tax League enters its most emphatic protest j against the imposition by the M'Gowen i Government of an increased income tax | and the re-imposition of the stamp diities, j believing that these ta-xes will have one effect only^— to tax labour, and place a serious burden upon trade and industry.' The single taxers in this respect are un doubtedly on the right track. The Labour people have an idea that these charges will fall on capital alone, but no greater mis take could be made. In some form or other nine-tenths of the impost will be 'passed on' to the worker. * * ? * * . It is the minor troubles of life that worry. The ''other day a cha.p that owed me half-a-crown (borrowed money) got blown up in a gunpowder factory in Chi cago, having left Australia many years ago in order to rise in the world, and inside of 48 hours the whole affair had gone out of my mind. On Wednesday an incident really less serious in character, formed the subject of a.unoyance which bids fair to last for a fortnight. I bought a tin of boot polish, and prior to putting in an ap pearance at a tea-meeting, I proposed raising an extra superfine lustre on my balmorals. The opening of the tin was a necessary preliminary, and here came in the annoyance. I tried to open it with my fingers, but whilst the lid would not come off, several of the nails on my left hand, and the thumbnail of the right, proved less obdurate. A sardine tin opener in the same connection proved quite unreliable, and a final resort to- the toma hawk was responsible for the singular resemblance of my left thumb to a' ripe tomato. Now, there's a moral in all this. People before now have made heaps of money out of small inventions calculated to make life easier for the common man. Here is an opening for the clever mechanic. Assuredly there is a fortune awaiting the first man who patents and puts .on the market a tin of boot -polish that can be opened, without special mechanical . ap pliances, or the employment of language ? subsequently to be regretted. » # « * A new form of outrage is reported as being common in places of public enter tainment in Sydney. Some person — it were charitable to suppose him a maniac — has -been frequenting public assemblies, and ripping up the. dresses of ladies with some sharp instrument, probably a razor. It is said that within the last few weeks the costumes of no less than fifteen ladies have been irreparably ruined in this manner. Special efforts have been put forth to dis cover the offender, but without avail, no less than five dresses having been ruined in one evening, as the report puts it, 'right under the noses of the detectives.' * » * * . It is stated that the proprietors of the public halls concerned have made good the damage done to the wardrobes of their patronesses, and have also offered a re ward for the arrest of the perpetrator of these outrages. It is to be hoped that these efforts may be successful. Offences of this eccentric character would seem to be epidemic. Similar outrages have been reported1 in other parts of the world,- in- cluding JiOS Angeles, where -the police authorities issued orders for the shooting of the ruffians on sight. The introduction of Lynch law is not perhaps desirable in the Commonwealth ? but, on the other hand, neither is the acclimatisation of this new phase of 'Jack the Ripper*' business to be tolerated ; and* if this particular offender— caught red-handed — should hap pen to encounter severe treatment from the husband, father, or brother of any of his victims, he will not meet with much sympathy at the hands of Australians. LIPPONDAIRN. Political Address. — Mr. Owen- Gilbert, ex-M.L;A. for Newcastle, will deliver an address in Alburv to-night in the interests of the Liberal party. To Contractors. — Tenders, closing on December 2, are invited for £1300 worth of road work for the- Rutherglen Shire. The Tumbarumba Shire Council calls for tenders for road work, closing on Novem ber 28. Commercial Banking Company of Syd ney.— On Monday last the Albury branch of the Commercial Banking Company of Sydney commenced operations in their fine premise's, recently acquired from the Australian Bank of Commerce, at the corner of Dean and Kiewa-streets. The banking chambers ha.ve been renovated, and externally the building is being tho roughly overhauled, this additional outlay running into £1000. The building for merly occupied by the bank will be used by Messrs. T. H. Mate and Co., who in tend fitting up several new show windows for their business purposes. Hospital Improvements.— At the meet ing of the Albuvy Hospital committee this week, the president {djly. Campbell) refer red to the alterations and' improvements being can'ied out at the hospital, which would have the effect of adding consider ably to the efficiency of the institution. The committee intended in the near future to invite the public to visit tho hospital on a Sunday afternoon, in order to seo what the committee woro doing for the sick, and how the public money was spent. He thought the public would sec that the funds were being spent to tho best advan tage-. He felt sure the Albury Town Band would on the occasion give a programme of music, I Death of a Former Albury Resident. — We regret having 'to record the sudden death on 3rd inst. of Mr. H. C. R. Smith, formerly of Mount Pleasant, and subse quently of Wodonga. Mr. Smith, will be remembered by all old residents of the district, as the capable, genial, and ener getic representative for many years of the. firm of T. H. Mate and Co. For the space of an average lifetime lie travelled Riverina in the interests of that firm, and his arri val at any Riverina station ?was always a pleasant incident in the week's experience. Some three years ago he retired from ac tive business, and has since resided with a married daughter. He was 81 years of age, and up to the date of his death, in full possession of unimpaired mental facul ties. Another Military Camp in Albury.— A special school of instruction for the train ing of candidates for appointment as war rant and non-commissioned officers on the instructional staff will be established at Albury on February 1, 1912, and will hv continued for a period of five months from that date. The attendance will be limited to 40, allotted to candidates from New South Wales (10), Victoria (9), Queens land (7), South Australia (6), Western Aus tralia. (4), Tasmania (4). An examination for entrance will be .held in each State on January 5 and 6, 1912, and applications must be made to district commandants before December 10, 1911. In the event of there not being sufficient successful can didates from any State, the nominations thus vacant will be distributed propor tionately to the other States.. Boy's Wanted— Not to be Got.— On every hand complaint is to be heard of the difficulty of finding lads for the filling of the many vacancies that exist everywhere in offices and shops. A Sydney paper de voted an article to the subject the other day, stating that formerly the advertise ments for boys required them to be smart and respectable and to furnish reference;} ; when the supply got short, would-be em ployers were content with the requirement of smartness in applicants for 'employment, but now that it' was almost impossible to obtain boys, the advertisements were silent on respectability, smartness, and re ferences—the inference being that employ ers would be glad to get any sort of boy. Testimony as to the inability of local em ployers to find boys for vacant positions — or, perhaps the disinclination of the boys to go to work — was supplied at a recent meeting of the Albury Parents and Citi zens' Association by Mr. Langley, the head master of the Albury Superior School, who said that employers were constantly apply ing to him for suitable boys from the school, but he could not meet the demand. In- some cases 20/ or 30/ per week was of fered. Still there was no response. Albury Pastures Protection Office. — At a. meeting of the P.P. board this week about an hour was spent in the considera tion of complaints regarding the heavy nature of the field duties of the stock in spector^ as a result of which ratepayers who had occasion to come to Albury to consult him in regard' to the registration of brands and other important matters had difficulty in finding him in his office. The department indicated that if the special stock duties imposed upon the inspector by reason of his office being on the border were such as to render necessary the ap pointment of an additional special officer, this would be taken into consideration. In the past no regular office hours have been observed, but, in future, to meet the public demands, tho official hours will be from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Tuesdays, Wed nesdays and Thursdays in each week. The board must see to it that the ratepayers are not incommoded, and if the field work , of the inspector is so heavy that he is con stantly called away from his office, the re quired office assistance should be supplied, in the interests of the public. The secre tary, too, is paid a salary (£85) altogether out of keeping with the importance of his duties, being the lowest salary paid to any P.P. board secretary in the State. It might not be unwise to extend both the salary and the days of office business. Sad Drowning Fatality. — A picnic party which Mr. and' Mrs. Thpmas Mills, of Albury, gave at Mungabareena reserve to a number of young people on Sunday had an extremely sad ending, when their son Charles, a youth of 19 years, lost his life in the river, There were 18 picnickers, and they picked on a beautiful spot just below the residence of Mr. W. Owen, fisher man. Four bovs of the party — Charles Mills, 19 years ; his brother Claude, aged 17; Edward Rixon, aged 14; and Otto Bockmann, aged about 14 years — entered the water not far from the camp. After they had been in for about ten minutes, Rixon and Bockmann, who could swim, swam across to the Victorian side, and on looking round saw that their comrade, Charlie, was in difficulties, having got out of his depth. The boys and a youth named Lawrence Fromholtz, who happened to be passing by, were unable to rescue .him. Claude Mills could not swim. A man named Duncan Kerr, who was on the op posite side of the river, came with a boat, and efforts were made to recover the body. Tho police were informed, and Constable Cleaver proceeded to the scene. Several others also joined in the search, but all attempts to find the body that night failed. The river is very deep whoro the fatality happened Mr. and Mrs. Mills were dis tracted at tho occurrence, and the boys concerned wore also much cast down. Mr. Mills is a drover, and his son Charles was employed at the Albury brewery. At first, - when the unfortunate boy was screaming in the water, it was thought -by some of the party on the bank that he was sky larking, and it was only when he was car ried away by the strong current that the : horrible reality of the occurrence was. grasped. The body was discovered on, Wednesday morning, 300 yards below the scene of the accident. The Bona-fide Uses of Public Hospitals. — Mr. John Campbell (president of the Albury Hospital) at the. monthly meeting of the committee on Monday night, refer red to the legitimate as opposed to the improper use of public hospitals. This sub ject has exercised the minds of various hos pital committees for some time, and Mr. Campbell thinks the time has arrived when both the medical profession and hospital committees should be protected from im position. He wished to impress upon mem bers of the committee and subscribers that they should, when giving tickets of admis sion, make inquiries as to whether or not people were in a position to pay for out side medical assistance. It was not fair to the medical men of the town to expect them to go up to the hospital and treat free of charge a man who was in a position to pay thorn. He expected the committee .-. and any other subscriber who gave a ticket of admission to tho hospital to. note this. Mr. Blacklock endorsed the remarks of the chairman. For last month they received only £30 from 30 patients. That was not 5/ per week. The president said a public hospital was not a place for a man in a. position to pay, and a man who could pay £3/3/ per weeii. should be treated privately.. The committee had to take infectious cases because no private hospital would talce them. The committee was always against having private wards where patients paid for special attention. They wanted all * patients to be treated a.likefc Corowa Electorate. — Mr. R. T. Ball, M.L.A.,.has been informed by the Railway Department, that the Chief Commissioner has approved the provision of a weigh bridge at Tootool together with extension of siding and ^tacking sites: The samj Department has written,' re a complaint in regard to supply of1: trucks for the convey ance of grain ? f rom sjtations. within that shire to Sydney, that from the 18th Octo ber to the 1st.' November inclusive, most of the trucks are requisitioned for the haul age of grain. It had to be pointed put,. that the demand on the rolling stock at the. pre sent time is heavy and in consequence of last year's wheat traffic being held up,- diffi culty had been experienced in landing sup plies at the different loading points at the time required, but the Loekhart Shire sta tions had received their share of the trades available. Referring to a letter from tK Tirana Farmers and Settlers' Associatum, asking that all leases be made available for ' settlement upon expiry, the Lands Depart ment wrote that the matter of disposing of Croyn Lands becoming available on the°ex piry of leases under which they'have besn held is receiving attention, with a view, to having such lands made available as soon as possible. A letter from residents of Days dale and Coreen had been referred: to ihn District Surveyor at Wagga Wagga for re port, asking that land in the Parish ' of Lowes be made available for workman's homes. Wool-selling After Sunset. — At the Albury Police Court on Tuesday morning last, before Mr. H. F. Roberts, P ivf the auctioneers who sold afthe recent wool sales m Albury. Were prosecuted for - fif* %iOi the-w in connection with the sales, lhe. auctioneers concerned were ?— James Row who sold for Dalgety and Co. Ltd. ; Barclay Dowhng, who sold for lounghusband, Row, and Co.. Pty. Ltd - and Henry Farrington Jackson, who sold toi Messrs James Colqunoun and Sons. In S+Va+S? °J Jame.s Row, the information bei 1911, he being then an auctioneer, duly licensed under the Act No. 4, 1898 did at the Town Hall, Albury, unlawfully put up to sell certain goods, to wit,' wool, by way of public auction, between the hours of 12 and 1.30 o'clock in the forenoon ot the said 10th day of November 1911 ' In tho cases of Barclay Dowlin' and H F Jackson, the information set fortn that they sold1 wool 'after sunset.' iur W G Henderson (Messrs. Fleming and Henderl son) who appeared on behalf of Dalcrotv and Co. Ltd., for Mr. Row, in pleading guilty, summarised the history of the wool sales in Albury. The firms engaged in the disposal of the wool had tried their utmost to have the sales effected In cTaylight How ever, every minute of davlight was wanted ,by the buyers to examine and value the wool. If the wool sales were to be held at all. it was only at night time. The firms concerned wore put in the grave position of either breaking the law or abandoning their sales. The prosecution was under an Act passed 64 years ago — in 1847. It aimed at tho prevention of dishonest Prac tices in providing that sales should be in daylight. The application . of that law to wool sales was never contemplated. Each of tile defendants was fined £2, wth 6/ costs. We understand that Mr. HoJman, State Attorney-General, has promised legis lation to relieve the auctioneers of trouble in- the future. Making Men of Them.— At tho Albury Police Court on Tuesday morning, James Clark, one of the lads who was- found guilty of disorderly conduct nt tho parade ground during instructional training about . a month ago, appeared to be dealt with bv Mr. H. F. Roberts, P.M. Clark's case had beon deferred for a month in order to ?ascertain how he conducted himself in the meantime. When ho was called, the P.M. stated that he had received a letter from - Lieut. FitaGeraldj the area officor, in. Milch, it w,as intimated that 'on tho Whole ??: . the boy's conduct had 'been good during the month.' Addressing Clark, the P.M. Said he hoped he ?would understand now that it was his duty to obey his officers, show them respect, and help them in every ?way. He would not inflict a heavy pen alty, hut ordered him to pay 1/ fine and 6/ costs. Mr. Hood appealed to his Wor ship not to inflict the fine. If the fine were inflicted it would stand as a con viction against the lad. He suggested that Clark might be dealt with as the other kds liad been treated, and let off with the payment of costs. The P.M. concurred ?with the suggestion, and said that if the costs were paid Clark could go. A Great Liberal Victory.— The election on Saturday to fill the vacancy in the Boothby (South Australia) division of the House of Representatives caused by the death of Mr. E. L. Batchelor, resulted in a substantial win for Mr. D. J. Gordon, the nominee of the Liberal Union, in a vote that must be regarded as a represen tative one, especially for a bye-election. Both the Liberal and the Labour parties had conducted a vigorous campaign, last ing over several weeks, and Mr. J. Jelly, the candidate of the latter organisation, like Mr. Gord'on, had been on trial in a former occasion, so in that respect both aspirants were on an equal footing. It ?was no secret that many supporters of the Labour pa-rty. ifelt a mistake had been mad© in the selection of a candidate who was not a resident of the division. It was hardly likelv, however, that a resident Labour candidate would on Saturday have turned the defeat into a victory. All the . conditions were favourable for heavy poll ing as a result of active canvassing by both sides, and the fact that a 52 per cent. vote was recorded must be regarded as satisfactory. This corresponds with the vote at the general election of April of last year, when Mr. Batcholor had 'as his opponent Mr. Paris Nesbit, K.C., in the Liberal interest. The final fi mires were : — D. J. Gordon (Liberal), 10,650; J. Jelley (Labour), 8,008. Majority for Gordon, 2648. Trades Union Politics. — For some years the Political Labour League of Broken Hill has been greatly dissatisfied with the arrangements that exist for obtaining the opinions of the rank and file of the league at the annual conferences. The unionists there have been complaining also that the Parliamentary representatives of the party are not men who can be expected to voice the opinions of the trade unionists. ?;' The result is that the Barrier district as sembly of the Political Labour League has sent a circular to all the unions in New South Wales asking them to reply to the two following questions :— 1. Are you in favour of the establishment of a trades union political party? _2. Are you of the opinion that the Workers' political party ehould he conducted in a democratic man ner by the use of the card system of voting at conferences. So far few of the Sydney unions have considered the circular. The Musicians' Union, however, has instructed its delegates to vote against the card sys tem. The Electrical Trades Union has in structed its secretary to reply tha tthe ?union is pledged to the constitution of the Political Labour party and cannot go out side that body. A School Effort. — The strawberry fete, ?which was held in the Botanical Gardens on Friday night in aid of the Albury Parents and Citizens' Association, was so well organised that socially and financially it proved to be the most successful effort ?the association has ever held, being at the same time responsible for a record gather ing of adults and children at the gardens,. The proceedings were enlivened by the . Town Band, and strawberries, ice creams and cool drinks were served up by a band of energetic lady workers. At the gates £14/3/8 was collected, and the booths brought in over £15. As the expenses were under -£4, about £25 will be netted for the - Christmas prize fund of the Superior Public School. The balance will be applied to the general funds of the association, or placed as the nucleus of an excursion fund. Mr. Grass, secretary of the association, threw much energy into the effort, the organi sation of which originated with and was carried through chiefly by Mesdames Lithgow, Harber, Krueger, and Hodgson. Three Bags to the Acre. — A Henty farmer assured us this week that the most that can now be 'expected from the dis trict wheat crop is three bags to the acre. In some places the return will be less. The crop ripened early, and is consequently beyond the power of being benefited by rain now. Some of the crops about Henty still look nice and green, however. Where this year's crop has suffered has been in the loss of ears, the stalks being far less weighty than last year. By far the best crops are those that have been raised on fallowed land. Fire at Alexandra Park. — As the clock struck three yesterday the lire bell rang out. The alarm was raised in respect of a grass fire which broke out on Alexandra Park. Before the- fire was got imder some of the council's crop was destroyed. ?*V Obituary. — Mrs. J. Murphy, an old resi dent of J'Jelhangsi, died a few days since in Melbourne. Tho remains were brought up from town and yesterday were conveyed to their last resting place. Tho funeral was conducted by Mr. J. Adams. On leaving the. district for Boree Creek, after a stay of K.J years, as teachers of the public school at Adolonr; Grove, Mr. and Mrs. Humphreys wore entertained. Several presentations v.c-re ma-do.  NOTES ON CURRENT EVENTS It has been claimed that the Home Secretary's department, ot whatever par ticular branch of the Imperial Administra tion may be concerned, has not been sum- , ciently active in the discovery of spies. An incident which occurred in London last month entirely disposes of this plaint. When a man like good eld Dan Ferguson is suspected and subjected to crpssexami nation as a possible spy of the Kaiser, tnere is eieany nonung woe aesirea con cerning the efficiency of tho secret service of the Empire. Won't some of the old time smugglers rejoice at the confusion of their common enemy. . * * * * * * '?.'?? In answer to a question the other day Mrl Griffith admitted having stated that no pressure was to be brought upon men . .who had conscientious objections to join ing a union, but if any such were employed they would be paid at the rates ruling be fore the unions secured the present in creased rates. Mr. Griffith's idea of 'no pressure' are a bit peculiar. His method \ seoms a happy illustration of the mean ing of the phrase, 'No compulsion, only you must.' The Minister may be con gratulated xipon tho discovery of a new! . occupation for Ministers of the Grown— / that of 'drummer' or tout for tho A.W.TJ . ?????' * * * * # * During the week there has been a good downpour in South Australia;' and some useful rain in the north and west of this State. It should be of much value to the grass and water supply, and in some dis tricts may not be too late to help the crops. Whether it is quite worth the fuss made in some quarters is. however, doubt ful. As a proof that the clerk of tho weather has not altogether forgotten the needs of Australia it is satisfactory, as an earnest of a more generous and m.oro general outpouring in the near future it is encouraging, but to hail it as represent ing 'showers of gold, '' and as 'a com plete break-up of' tho drought,' seems a bit 'previous.' IVet us hope it is not top optimistic. - - » * »-* ,. ? i ? Every day in England, France, Scot land, and other places, new discoveries arc reported of cement emplacements evidently intended, for big guns, and- built to tho ? order of the Kaiser. This extraordinary fondness for concrete work suggests tho idea that the enterprising, head of the firm of Krupp' and Co. is going into the ct-ment business as a fide line. It also recals the memory* of another celebrity , who some twenty or thirty .years ago made a name for himself in the same branch on industry. Who 'WAS that celebrity by tho way who so forcibly reminds one of tho Kaiser? Oh, I remember now. It was thev chap who, when a wife1' bothered' him, used to bottle her up in eement^under tho hearthstone' and get a ~new Awi'fe?^' Funny dog! - \ ; u,;/Tr:i-l\\ - r * * , * ? »; ,- »rt »'. ? * - Mr. George Eden, a resident of Sydney, went home to :irrange,\for the wedding of' Ids daughter to 'a ..German medical man. He lodged £S0O in a German bank, but on attempting ~o draw the. money lie learnt that the Kaiser had ordered nil' banks in Germany to send to the Tretisurj1' in gold the credit balances of all British accounts. Miss' George 's wedding presents were also appropriated. This, so far as the money was concerned, may all be in accordance with the rules of warfare. But was it quite the thing to snavel Miss George's collection of photo frames, nutcrackers, en.tree dishes, pickle jars, and jam-pots, to say nothing of tho procoetls of a 'kitchen tea' tendered by her girl friends'? It strikes one as playing the game a bit low down. But the Kaiser is nothing if not thorough. . * * * * * « # Some little excitement was caused in Sydney last Aveek by a Gorman band play ing .Mistrjun patriotic melodies in n public - street, under tho windows, oC a Gorman club. The Sydney papers of Friday re ported that tlio police ,-had intervened, by ordering the hand to «.'ease playing in the streets until the war is over. On top of that intimation a Sydney, telegram on Friday night said that Mr, Gann had ap* fcounceo1 that if the police Iwd done any thing of the kind it was without Govern _ iment authority, Mi\ Cann apparently is averse to interference with little patriotic outbursts of this nature. In «pite of the Ministerial disclaimer 1 f-attfcy r»ublie sym pathy will be with tlis police.* I wonder, by the way, ,what Would happen just now t(- a British band that played 'ftule Bri .ttnnia '?'?!». '(he streets :ot Berlin. Would Dr. Oilyivig intervene hv prevent any un kind action on the p&r'c of the police? * '*.-*' *? * -, * To judge Erom correspondence on the subject 'published in the metropolitan . press, the remarks of the Chief Secretary sire not -popular in Sydney. One writer says:— 'Perhaps the Band will favour us , jvith the Watch; on the Rhine iiiVct otlifeV tiennan mUTouil. airs outsMfc PYirUunient House, tiie Town Kail, and 'other appro priate sites;' At the sarile time jingoistic \ '-ft ttstVaHa.fi s_ ami other Britons might be '. ??kindly but 'Jirmly requested not to display their -Empire's flags or to -*ing its Natio ?.irisil Anthem or ofl-er pa+riotic airs in public, iu« such actions may also be re garded us 'bad taste' and' irritating to # 4h-ieo amongst us v.lio doubtless are more tender-hearted than their kinsmen bi Luii vain fame.' This chap is .t?vid'Cnt\y pok ? ing fun. at the Chief! Secretary, which 'is ' :i very irreverent thing to do. * ???? ?» i, * . * T« a recent issue of the 'Banner' I notice some t interesting extracts from an . eld Sydney newspaper fcy 'Alpha.' The writer refers to the quaint names of some of the Sydney hotels of tlje early days, . - and appears to regard them Us original. 1 ?m afraid '/Alpha' :\vas nisvfcr in London, or at any rate that he never had an ex haustive acquaintance with the. .pubs in the city and suburbs of the modern Baby lew, or he would in the list quoted recogt iu3e familiar titles. For example, 'Hole in the Wall' was the sign of licensed pre lcnisea in the Strand, near the dark arches of the Adelphi, in 1S55. The 'Bald-faced Stag', was — perhaps still is — the sign of ?a public house at Woodford, in Epping forest. Moreover, it was the rendezvous vm Easter Monday of Cockney sportsmen, for whose delectation a wretched deer was carted out and 'hunted. ' It usually took refuge in the premises of a local butcher. * * * ? it ? The 'Labour-in-vain' — illustrated on the sign, by ..a picture of a person endea ??,-.? vouring. to wash a blackamoor white — was ..'«;??' » public, house in a London suburb! So ? . was the ' Bird-in-Hand ; ; ' whilst of '.'Blue ''.. . Boar! ' the name was legion all over Eng land. The 'Leather Botel' is mentioned in. an English classic. The 'Blue Posts' has been immortalised by Captain '? Marryatt. as the Portsmouth hostelry at ? whitjh Mr. Midshipman Easy spent his - last : night before starting on; his first cruise..' The reader will remember that it \.:-;' was^on -leaving the Bhie Posts Mr. Easy was -accosted by on attractive young per son with the remarkable query, 'How 'arc you off for soap?' The ,'^Adam and Eve' was a pub,, down Chelsea, way, not far from the. '.Goat and -Compasses' — a corruption of a relic of puritan days in the motto e ' God .encompasseth us.' In the same ? locality,, by the way, might fifty years 'ago be found '.The Devil and Bag o' Nails,' originally, 'Tho Devil and Bacchanals5'' — scarcely an appropriate sign for a respec table tavern. As for the 'Dog'-and-Du'ek,' is*it not a household word in a Rood many thousands of Riverina families? The Germans have demanded various '' sums totting up to a million or'so by way of 'indemnity' for their zeal in smashr ' -'ing up Ehoims Cathedral, and other memo rials of mediaeval art, murdering inoffen sive citizens, and committing divers other crimes against the rules of civilised war fare. It is therefore not unnaturaLfor the Allies to consider tbe commercial aspect of the war. A report from ' Wellington ' says: — 'New Zealand firms, whoso pre mises have suffered in the bombardment of Papeete aro * advised that the French Government ha3 issued a notice, claiming against German property in Tahiti and ad jacent islands under the_French flag about £40,000, to help to indemnify against the -losses 'caused by the shelling.' It ought to be urged that-the French have not done so .much as the Germans to earn a bonus of this kind, but no doubt when the. war is over there will be a 'friendly squaring of accounts,* and that trifles like '£40,000 won'tbar the1 way to an amicable adjust-' ment. - . - . * * * * * ? ?- * A New »South Wales man has received a letter from 'u German association known os 'The German- Humanity League.' The ! association ds'' apparently*, hostile to the ; Kaiser. At the risk of an action for, libel i at -the hands of ( Frederick Wilhelm, I ap- ' pond an extract: — 'Nakedly revealing . liiirisoK, we see tho uncurbed tyrant' sur- j -rcurftied by parasites/now directing the \ most desperate', devilish. jikI selfish -. cam- j paign ever, waged against luimanity. With i 1 oilers in all lands we have no quarrel to- . day. , We extend hands and heartiest friendship' to every Belgian, 'French', and : British' democrat. We know that the in ternal revolution now proceeding in our. midst will depose the despot,, whose in satiable egotism is drenching Europe with . tho blood of its workers and wage- | earners.' There is a good -deal of truth as well' as force in these remarks, bufc^tboy strike ono as indited in a partisan spirit,' conveying the idea that tho writor is un kindly disposed towards the Kaiser. Pub lished in Berlin they would probably annoy that poteitat^ and be followed by the'' di'dr.rj 'Btop my paper.'' * ' * * ? ? * . 4 . 6 Supporters of tlie fjcii'ey of wiping out private. ;en'terprise¥ altogether,, and 'nation- alising' everything from a lolly shop to a locomotive foundry, are always contend ing that the worker don 't get his share. Particularly is this cry raised in connec tion with mining enterprise, which has been described, by one of these enthu siastic levellers as ' a gigantic system of sweating the miner.' It's 'only charitable to assume that these chaps know nothing about the matter. For a' man who does know to talk like that, would prove him a person who in tflsrjetit (b a'ecui'aby' Of bMiSm'eiit could only be characterised by an expression the use of which with im punity is a Parliamentary privilege. '- * ? ?» ?? ..????* ? ? . ? ?? ??* ? * .?' * ? On the assumption that the people who talk like this speak in ignorance, some in f( rotation afforded by the chairman at the half-yearly meeting of a Broken Hill mining c6mpany. may be quoted. Since the n-ine was started the gross yield has beea f H.32F,40Ai t)!5 H'hls ti;e shareholders who \entured^ their money got £5'dS,l(')l', the miners, who venture'd . nothing, got £.'.3So,000. Ii seems pretty clear who got the lion's share of the gold in this case, but how about the ciscs- — and there are some — where The minors who' venture .nothing get_all the gold, and the share I ciders who venture their money got nc thing? ^ AVliat id rbally -wan led is ilot 'nationalisation,' but the establishment of an information bureau.- at which there should be compulsory attendance on the part of people, who indulge in foolish talk about subjects for the purpose of disclos ing exhaustive ignorance thereon. LIPPON DAIRN. Rain in New South Wales.— Tho rain fall in the late ? monsoonal 'change was as follows at the Southern and Soutli Western stations 'mentioned : — Euston, S ; Balranald, 12; Hay, 5; Carrathool; 7; Booligal, 50; Hillston, 66; Ungarie, 76; Wyalong, 47 ; Barmedman,: 12 ; Temora, 26*; -Coota-mundra, 15; Yass, 3o ; Gttnning, 39; Goulbtirn, 95 ; .Mttrrumburi'ah, 67; 'Burrowa, 83 ; Young, 85; Morangorell, 20; xGrenfell, 37; Marstlen, 100; Forbes, 4.2; Parkesi 63. Oondoboiinf 53; Orangey 241; Bathurst, 190 ; Cbwraj. 104,. ? '?' Helping the Widows and Children. — In the Senate tlio 'Minister for Defence, Sena tor Pearce, gave a brief- outline of the Government in '.regard ''to pensions to de pendents of those who are killed or in capacitated during the war. The scheme, he said, 'had not been completed yet, but,' roughly, ft was proposed to give widows an annuity- of £52, with aii annuity of £13 for each child' under 16 years of age. In the event of .a man being ? permanently inca pacitated, his wife and children would re ceive the samo amounts, while a, further payment of £26 a year would bo made on behalf of tile man himself. ' ' . ' Show 'Subsidies to 'be Stopped. — The, troubles of the country show societies have j been many this year. Nearly , all of the ! spring shows were run at a loss because ] of, the war and .dry season, and, tho pros- I pects aliegd are far from favourable. Local conditions made things bad enoiigh for the societies, but new anxieties have been created by the f ollowing circular that has i been issued by the Department of Agri- ] culture :— 'In view of the necessity of re trenchment, it has been decided that the department cannot continue the payment of 'the ?Government subsidy to agricultural | societies in connection with shows held j after December 31 next.' Somo of the small j societies will experience difficulty in carry- - ing on, and unless 1915 is an' exceptionally . good season some of the exhibitions will l probably bo ' abandoned for at 'least a year. '' ' ' An Old Wodonga' Man .Arrested as a j Spy. — A remarkable experience of Mr. i Daniel Ferguson, for -many years collector ; of- customs at AVodbnga, and subsequently j head of the Federal Exciso Department, is ! told in the .-following letter to hanjl a few i days'since. 'Mr. Ferguson was touring in \ Scotland when the war began. Recently ,' ho was in 'London, nnd he and his daughter ? were, oil t for the day in one of the small towns near London. They consulted -a : ?-traimvay guide map .and made enquiries j for certain places. They wort1 suspected, as i boing spies, y and shadowecU'or a'time, and then a .military man %camc and questioned tliem. They informed him they -were Axis truliun tourists, but wore apparently, not hol£evevd, :-nd were in an awkward fix when/ ho remembered his watch. This- was pre sented to him by the residents of Albury j more than 20' years ago. on the occasion of his leaving AVodonga for Melbourne. It-1 bears an inscription mentioning Albury and . his position in AVodonga. An inspection of ? tlio watch appeared to satisfy tho military 'officer, so, he apologised and retired.' -i Tho Decreased 'Rainfall. — Figures pre pared by the meteorological Authorities of the rainfall in ,New South AVak'R for tho , nino months show that there has been a ' considerable drop in the records in every i section of the country districts. In.' River--, ina and 'South-Western slopes havo suffer- | od more than any other quarter, in the caso oi -tho former tho fall havirg bpen less* than half the average. Moreover % there has not boon a drop of rain this month. Tno figures for the various sub divisions s arc : — Northern tableland, , total , for rn'npsmnnih.B. 19.46, average .for1 nine months 23.S9 ; below average, 19 psv cent. ; V Central Tableland, '2'2M, 24.07, 12 per Cent; j -Southern ./.Tableland, 16.73, 20.87, 80 per cent: ; North-wtisi ©lopes, 1G.10, '2d.3l, 21 pe'f'eimt. i Gonia-iil \vest Slopes, 13.83, 18.80, 27 per' vmt:; Soutli-ivestorn Slopes, 10.47, 18.72, 4-1 per cent;; North west Plains, 15.42, 17,32, 11 per cent. ; Central Tvest Plains, 8.77, 14.45, 39' per cent.; Riverina, 6.07, 12.48, 51 per cent. AVagga and the Southern District Ex hibit.— At a recent meeting of the Mur rumbidgee P. and A. Association, the mat ter of the Southern District Exhibit at the Royal Show came up for discussion. The organising secretary (Mr. .White) stated that there 'was a deficiency of about £83 tfn th3 last exhibit to the Royal Show. The usual quotas of eaclt So*c'iet# had been paid, but it was found that the expenses tfris year had greatly increased, especially from the. Grenfell district. As a result of the previous resolution that each society par ticipating in the exhibit be written to, and their views on the matter obtained, Mr. AVhite stated that very xmsatisfactory replies had been received. Some societies had ignored the request, while others had refused t-j contribute any further to the cost of the exhibit. Tw'tt or three societies had responded by sending in. their extra quota of the cost, and the M.P. and A. Association had passed their amount. The president (Mr. Baylis) said the exhibit had been very unsatisfactory for Wagga. It entailed a lot of worry' on their secretary, for which he received very little considera tion j Htt thought that owir'- to the very severe drought, tlitJ exhibit next year would be a very poor one; and did not think. 'it wise to go 'on with the exhil/ifc. A resolution in that direction was car ried. Loss on the Telephone Business. — There is every probability that at no distant date telephone rates in Australia will be sub stantially increased. The last report of the Postmaster-General's Department disclosed a deficiency in the . working of the tele phone branch of no less than £221,756, 'equal to a loss of about 25 per cent. This, in tne opinion of the secretary (Mr. Oxen ham), indicates that the rates, which, he says, are much lower than in other parts of. the world where anything like similar conditions prevail, are insufficient to make the service self-supporting. The secretary contends that the revenue should be suffi cient to cover working expenses, including provision for' depreciation) while returning a fair pei-centage on the capital invested. This view has been placed before Mr. Spence, Postmaster-General, and he con fessed this week that he had been greatly impressed by the facts which had been submitted to him. He added, 'It is evi dent that the revenue, both in the tele graphic and telephonic branches, is not sufficient to cover the cost of working. If the department is to pay for itself it would appear that something has to be done to revise charges, and legislation may bo necessary to place the department on a more satisfactory basis.' The Building of the New All»v_— Hospi tal. — The decision of the Minister for I Health to have tenders called for the put [ ting -down of the foundations of the new j hospital has given much satisfaction in j Albury, as it Ayillnot only mark the start : ing of \vhat will be by far the finest build ing in the district — and ono of tho most up-to-date institutions of the kind in the ; country districts of New South Wales — ? but will provide employment for numbers of local workmen who would otherwise be 'out of Avork, in all probability. La«-t_year tho ''total amount spent on new buildings in Albury was about £25,000, and as the ; estimated cost of the new hospital is alone I £17,000 it will be seen- that in -this one' I work is represented two-thirds of the total | amount laid out privately Jn bricks and mortar last year. At present about a. 'dozen villas' aro being built in the town, but it is noticeable that very lit*tle new work has come out sinco the ^outbreak of tlio war, local investors having thought it advisable to postpone speculation until times of .peace recur. '' The carrying out of a large'1 public work is therefore very oppor tune. When tho .contract for the founda tions is carried out a special ceremony will bo arranged in connection with'. the laying of the foundation stone. It is more than likely tho official function, will be . per formed by the Hon. F. Flowers, Minister for Public Health. The new hospital fund now stands at £5100 (nearly the whole of. it cash in tho bank). Tho balance to bo raised, therefore, is only £900. ? This sum should be only a trifle in such a wealthy district. . Hospital Saturday in Albury. — Con- sidering the many drawbacks that had to be encountered, the annual street collec tions on Saturday vin aid of tho hospital 'maintenance-., f uhd . . niust be considered satisfactory. The sum raised in the town was £90/7/6 (only £20/8/ less than was gathered last year) and the country boxes have brought -the totnl well above £100. Wodonga if. making arnmgemonts for a separate effort. This year the houseto house 'canvassing was riot nrosecuted with tho customary vigour, and but for the casing off in xthnt resnoct the figures for Albury, despito the tightness of matters financial, may have boon far highor. As usual, the stand pmsided over by that ex perienced 'campaigner, Mrs'. ' *AAraujrIi VMayoross), yielded the largest total. '£24 ?1/9A. She. however, was closely followed by her .sistor-in-law. Mrs. JPhrdoy, whose stand (Nathan's Corner)', yielded £21 17/6£ ...Mrs. Waugh was stationed at the Commercial Bnnk corner. However, Mrs. PaVSey', with £6/513; topped for 'individual box, the Mayoress fotfttg secoKel, with £6',' Other boxes witli ovoi* £2 -were: — Miss Corrigan, £4/16/8*; Misb M'Lennan, '£3 16/11: Mrs. Knight, £3/9/1; Miss M'Giath, £3/0/2; 'Miss M'Cuteteon, £3 H&i Miss Dunstone, £3/0/ It; Mrs. M'Gutcheo/iv £2/lo/6-J-:.Mrs. Wells', £2 6/1 ; Miss 0 Kill, £2/0/5J- ; Miss E. ' O'Dormell, £2,'0fi, The amounts, raked ai the various stafttt* were: — Commercial BanK conifer (Mrs. AAfatf&fi and assistants), £24/1 l.dii ^a'th'ari's Corner (Mrs, Pardey and assistants'/,- £'2;l/l7/6} j ? 'Union Bank (Mrs. H. M'CutclifeV---' arid, assistants-), £10 (11/6& ; post office (MrS, Frere and assist ants), £8/10/lH; Glohtf Hotel (Miss M'Lennan and assistants), £7/15/2; Mate and Co. 's corner (Mrs. J. Allan and as sistants), £7/8/ ; Daniel's corner (Mrs. AY, If. Adams and assistants), £6/lS/0-i ; Siriolfett a'fl-r» Macauley streets (Mrs. H, U. Collins arid assistants), £3/4/5. At Culcairn the six stands realised £10/3/7, Oilier amounts raised were :— Brocldesby, £2/4/3*} 5 Lavington, £4/4J5 ; AVoomargama, 18/4* ; Boti'na, £1/8/1 ; Tfiurgobna, £3/6/2 ; Mullengandra, £1/10/3=} ; ' ? Gennanton, ,£3/9/8'*;. Gerogefv, £2/14/9; ?. Henty-, £2/4/9; 'Walla AValla, £1/16/4. ' . Murray AVater Conservation Scheme.; — Sir. Alexander Peacock inforifls4 the Vic torian Cabinet on Monday that he had received ifohl the Premier of New' !?-outi)- Wales (Air. Holman) the Murray Bivers agreement, with hh (Mr. Holman's) sigxira ture to it. The agreement had now beea signed by the Premiers of Victoria, New' South Wales, and South Australia, When the agreement was arrived at Mr, Oook was Prime Minister of the Commonwealth.. He (Sir Alexander) understood that Mr Fisher wfJliUi honour Mr. Cook's under taking to provide £1,000,000 of the tsta.R cost of £4,663,000 of tine x-roPosed work in accordance with the agreement mado at the conference when the agreement was arrived at, providing tha* on its beihg signed by the three States', legislation should be immediately introduced into tlw»» various Parliaments to authorise what was contemplated, notice of a bill would be given in the Legislative Assembly. Tfce» consideration of such a measure would, however, be left over for the new Parlia ment. The agreement provides for the . establishment of storage works and locks to enable the- waters of the Murray to be utilised for irrigation purposes. Their cost, with the provision, of £1,000,000 by the Federal Government excepted^^ill bo v. borne equally by the States of A'ictovia,. New South Wales, and South Australia It is int-endetl that a commission shall bo appointed to control the undertaking, con sisting of representatives appointed on be half of the Commonwealth and 'the three States. The principal item of expenditure will be in regard to the construction of the huge dam above Albury. ' - Riverina Misses the Rain.— When- it- was- announced that Mr. Hunt, the. Government; Meteorologist, had predicted general rains- for New South AVales, thero was great re joicing in anticipation of good things. Re-' lief, at such a time would have meant hun dreds of thousands of pounds in the pockets of the Riverina producers. Mr. Hunt's predictions were not verified in the full although substantial rain has fallen over the greater part of the State. The disap pointment consists in the failure of the change to penetrate to Riverina, as n-i ' station south of, the Murrumbidgeo receiv ed any benefit. The nearest, section of tho vast southern wheat belt that received any rain was Temora, where' a 'quarter of an inch was measured. It is now five weeks since any rain has fallen in Riverina, so there is very little hope of anything com ing of the crops, in the matter of grain. The best of the crops havo been applied to hay, and it is satisfactory to know that a good price is being offered for that com modity, .so that where good crops ai*e cut the ? returns , will be satisfactory to tho farmers. On the Murrumbidgeo the crop has not' been nearly as good as it has beoa on tlie Murray, as a great many of tho Murrumbidgec paddocks havo been turned into pasturage areas. On the western sido of Albury there will be some good .hay crops — a few havo yielded as high as two tons to the -acre— Init it is not expected , that ^ many of, the areas reserved for grain' will return any .surplus above ?seed- ing requirements. It' is satisfactory to know that the-, heavy rains in -. some parts of the, State will render it unnci'es-wir.V to import fodder foy' the sustenance of local herds, as good grass will be available in several districts for the stock from tho drought-affected districts. ? ? Licensing Matters at AVolla' AValla. — rfn the Albury .Licensing Court on Monday,-! Alexander Ferguson applied fora colonial wine license nt WalJn AValla, but it was decided to postpone dealing -'with the mat ter until. Monday, noxt. A point of some interest was raised in regard to the license of tho AValla AA;alIa * flote], tho licensing inspector, Senior-Sergeant. Ulack burnr, applying thot'the assessment' bo raised to £240, and the license fee in- -- creased to £30. In tho past the fee was only £12/10/, half tho fulhfcjc, the reduc tion having been made under the pro visions of the Licensing Act that prescribe if a license is1 necessary to meet tho needs of the travelling public, and such licensed KmTsc Is not within seven miles of another licensed house, the court msiv allow the concession of half the fee. Mr. Tietyens ? appeared for tlie I'consec, AVilliain Carter, to opnoso the application of the inspector for the levying of tho full fee. Mr. Tiotyens maintained that no fresh grounds ' existed to support the inspector's action, that the community needed a licensed house, and the premises came within the meaning of the concession in regard to its situation over seven miles from another licensed house. The court had no option in regard to the matter, but the chairman of the Bench (Mr. Jarnieson, P.M.) held there might he other reasons that con tributed to the low rating of the hotel. Mr. Tietyens said the court could not deal in 'other reasons' that were not provided for in the act. Inspector Blackburne said that since the fee had been reduced the rent had been raised from £150 to £300 . per annum. The Bench had refused to re duce the fee in regard to the hotel at Bowna, although the closest hotel to Bowna was nine miles distant. Walla Walla should not possess an advantage over Bowna in a matter. of the kind. After argument the inspector agreed to withdraw the application, stating he would bring the subject up again, and in the meantime the application for the colonial wine clicense, which had some bearing on the other license, would be dealt with by the court. Mr. Wragge Talks About the Weather.— Mr. Wragge, who is at present in New Zealand, has expressed his opinions in re gard to the dry conditions that have lately prevailed in Australia,' maintaining that his cycle theory has been supported by the records of past years. He has computed forecasts for the seasons of Australia up till 1930, and these, he says, are applicable to New Zealand, with slight modifications, owing to physical and geographical rea sons! During 1914 and part of 1915, he says, tTie rainfall, taking Australasia, as a whole, will be under the average. This by no means implies that there will be no rain. On the contrary, good intervening rains will occur, and the last part of this period will be better than the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards, the rainfall will markedly increase, and from 1916 to 1920, inclusive, the seasons will be dis tinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After. 1920 the rainfall will begin to % steadily, fall off. and the worst part of the next great 'under-average' period will be 1923 and 1924. In 1925, matters will begin to improve, and good seasons will prevail from 1926 to 1930. These forecasts, ex plained Mr. Wragge, are mainly based on the physical condition of the sun with re spect to its maxima and minima moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we are nearing the end of -the solar minimum — or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we on earth had no. conception.' were least violent. The maximum period would com mence at the end of 1915. and until then, although he did not expect the seasons to be so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must., not be anticipated. Intervening rains in New Zealand should give a heavier fall than in Australia. In the droughts he predicted, New Zealand would not suffer to the same extent as Australia, owing to its climate being insular, whereas that of the fatter was continental. 