 NORTH QUEENSLAND. BY OUR COKRESPONDENT. By the Long Wash of Australasian Seas. .txjuug ine v^ueensiana coast tnere are many islands; some fertile but inore stoney and arid and unfit for cultivation. The. ocean within the Great Barrier Beef is studded with innumerable islets, rocky crags, surf beaten reefs, sheltered, sandy txfctches, rich^ tropical jungle, wild mountain peaks, so char acteristic of the North \ Queensland coast. One of the best kndwn islands of the north is Dunk Island, -the home of Mr. J. Banfield. 'This isle of scent and sil«nv-.A ' ah.'Iia terms it in his charming book, 'My Tropic Isle,' is 'the most fascinating, the most de sirable on the coast of North Queensland.' Mr. and Mrs. Banfield took up permanent residence on their island home in 1897. Pre ' viously Mr. Banfield had been editor of the 'North. Queensland Register' and the TVwnsville 'Bulletin.' Palm Islands, about 40 miles from Townsville, are largely pat ronised by holiday parties from Townsville, and the western inland centres. Mag netic Island, in Cleveland Bay, five miles from Townsville, is a great resort for week end and picnic parties. Outside Cairns are Double Island and Green Island, both popu lar- picnic resorts. Other well-known islands along the coast are the Percys, Northumberland Island, the Beverley Group, Whitsunday Passage, and Hinchinbrook Channel, where some of tho scenery is reminiscent of the sounds of New Zealand or the fiords of Norway. Torres Straits are dotted with picturesque spots, many untouched by the foot of mankind. Four little islands known as the Bourkc Group, lie between Cocoanut and Yorke Is lands. Typical atolls, uninhabited, they lie dreaming, shimmering with heat in the blue sea, circled by thousands of black and white sea pigeons. One of the group is known to the natives of the Straits as Pigeon Is land. Some time ago a Philipino built a hut and lived there, till want of fresh wa ter drove him away. His little house is now falling into decay, and the poultry which he reared arc now wilder than the sea birds. Big Figures. The exports of the great expanse of coun try behind -Townsville for 1913 have just been compiled, and reach the handsome total of £4,674,830. The exports are £322,000 in excess of those of 1912. Cattle with bypro ducts top the list, being valued at £1,513,320. Wool comes next, valued at £1,387,905. No transhipment exports have been includ ed; the figures solely rcprcesnt exports brought to Townsville from the interior by the Townsville railway. Details as to im ports are not available, b'/c are said. to b- well over £6,000,000. Beef Eaters. An analysis of the consumption per head .nof the population in the Tow.nsville district indicates that beef is tlie favourite flesh of the people, the average per head per annum being 232.11b. Compared with 1912, the number of stock slaughtered shows an in crease of 11,3(51 head. Sotre of the princi pal butcher shops propose to enclose entirely with glass, as owing to the corrosive action of the atmosphere, wire netting is not 'i success. It will be interesting to compare 1014 figures with the above, as, owing to the high price of meat, a large proportion of the population are curtailing their beef eating propensities. That. Circular! I referred in a previous letter to the new circular recently issued by the C.S.1\. (6V pany, ami which is the cause of so much in dignation among the eanegrowers. The cir cular opens by saying: 'As the Bill sub mitted to the Queensland Parliament for constituting boards to fix the prices for cane had fallen through, we now put,''&c. Grow ers were hoping that tho Bill was only shelv ed, but here we have the word of the C.S.R. Company that it had 'fallen through*'* The circular, which is of a truculent and despotic tone throughout, goes on to say 'that we make more clear the existing stipulation- that any increase of our expenses forced on us by law must be covered by ,a reaction in the price of cane, the' farmer: being relieved of his obligation' to grow cane if he -be unwilling .to,; accept the reduction.' Ano ther way of -.saying 'if you don't like it, get out.' ??; ' Quiet Heroism. How few people in the big cities and towns have any idea of the life of the far interior of Queensland; where the bare com forts, to say nothing' of luxuries, of civili sation, are unknown, and where the pioneers are nearly always 'up against' hardships of one sort or another. One seldom sees in print the heroic deeds and endurance tests that are quietly performed and endured out in the 'great back 'of beyond.' Quite late ly a girl, aged about 17, performed the re markable, 'endurance test'' -/f taking a sick brother to a doctor who could only be reached by a fortnight's journey on horse back. Camping each night she got through safely to the doctor, and her brother recov ered under proper treatment. One would like to know what was passing through this brave young girl's mind as she pitched her tent each night at sundown. A boundary-rider on a station 600 miles west of Townsville was thrown from his horse a few weeks ago, breaking his legs in two places. Unable to move, without even a drop of water, exposed to the blazing tropical sun, and tortured by flies, he fay all day long; and at night was drenched by torrential rain. Tn the meantime the rider less horse had returned to the station; a search party set out and discovered the un fortunate man late the following day. We hear and read so much these times of silly endurance tests such as club swinging, skat ing, &c, but how petty and trivial such tilings are compared with this stern reality and quiet heroism. General. Tn connection with the proposed mctero logical station in North Queensland, Mr. Clement Wragge has cabled that he is un able to take up residence in the north-- this season owing to engagements in which he is deeply involved. He proposes to visit Townsville' on a lecturing tour in April. Ow ing to the apathy and indifference of the Federal Government, the citizens of Towns ville and Cairns (and other centres) are en deavouring to establish a. meterological sta tion by public and private subscription. Mr. Clement Wragge has been asked to take charge of such a station on certain terms. At present all weather reports are telegraph ed up fro*n Brisbane, and as our telephone lines are notoriously liable to delays a ship often leaves port without any advice or warning of what she is likely to encounter. It is sincerely hoped that this present cy clonic season will pass over without any disasters. ? The Federal Government aro pretty well leaving North Queensland to run itself. Catholic and Personal. Much regret was expressed at the transfer of Brother Nolan from Townsville to Bris bane. The good 'wishes of everyone follow him in his new sphere of work, i Brother Nolan has the reputation of being a success ful teacher, a good athlete, and was well liked by the pupils and general, public. The marriage of Miss S. Brady to Mr. M'. Ryan is arranged to take place at the end of February. Miss Brady is well ami pop uhirly known in Townsville for her amiable character and musical abilities. Mr.'j. E. *3as8idy (late Nudgee College), one of the Queensland Rhodes scholars, spent his Christiras in Switzerland. Mr. P. E. Kelly, son of Mr. and Mrs. J. Kelly, a well-known Catholic family in Bran don, was married to Miss Louisa Elliott, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. Elliott, of Char ters Towei»s, at the Sacred Heart Church, Townsville, on January 17. ? . -The recent social held at'Winton in aid of the church was. the usual success, and is reported to have brought in a satisfactory sum. _ ? .  All About People: Tittle Tattle i Speaking at the annual meeting of. St John's poor School, Kent-street, on Saturday afternoon, «v his Grace the Archbishop of Sydney, said: 'If it were left to our Sydney news papers — apart from our weekly Catholic pa pers — we would have strange ideas of Ire land. To-day we heard that the LordLieu tenant of Ireland was attacked by. people who were determined to take away his life. . Well, a short time ago, I was told that the Archbishop of Dublin, where this thing oc curred, wrote a letter, warning the Govern ment that By establishing military regime, denying the people trial by jury, denying them the right of meeting, denying them the right even of singing songs, and by bringing in a reign of tyranny, they were driving Trie people to underground conspi racies, ahd tie only issue from that was crime. That was not reported in our Sydney 'cTaily papers. » ? « ? His Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne was not allowed much rest on his trip to New South Wales. He looked tired on Tuesday night, 16th inst., until he warmed up to his subject, and the responsive spirit of the vast audience re-acted on him. Then we visualised the 'Dr. Mannix' who manages to get on the nerves of the 'Argus.' He got on the nerves of . a Sydney newspaper man, who made an interjection which, five minutes later, he might have regretted. On Wed nesday and Thursday the Archbishop was busy at the school break-ups, and on Friday he returned to Hughesoporis, to re-commence his work of educating the democracy next day. ' ' / ? ? ? ? TEe Right Rev. Dr. Shiel (Bishop of Rock harapton) proposes to leave Sydney by the Indarra, on February 14, next on a visit to Rome and Ireland, and expects to be absent for twelve frib'nths. For nearly six years he has presided over the diocese of Roekhamp ton. He is beloved by all his flock in all parishes of the diocese, and by none more so than the rising Catholic generation, and it is the fervent and general hope that Bi shop Shiel will long be pemitted to remain to guide the destinies of the Church wise ly and with loving care in his very import ant diocese of Rockhampton. ? ? ? Mr. Ashford, who gave the lie to Bishop Hayden in regard to the Western Lands ad ministration a few weeks _ago, is up against an interesting problem. Recently he visit ed the soldiers' settlement at Mirool, and said that the secretaries of the various camps were well satisfied with what the State Government was doing. Whereupon one of the secretaries replies, that not only did he personaly complain to Mr. Ash ford about the insufficiency of the allot ments, but handed him the report of a meet ing of soldier settlers which condemned the Government methods. It is up to Mr. Ash ford to explain. Will he call the soldier a liar? ? * ir ? His Lordship Bishop Hayden must be well pleased at the result of his exposure of the Western lanJs scandal. 'Not only wore his contentions supported by leading mem bers of the Legislative Council, but a Com mission appointed by that body is obtain ing startling evidence in support of his statement that millions of acres of arable land are locked up in the possession of pas toralists at a peppercorn rental. The mat ter must be taken up seriously by the new Parliament. When the electors kill Holman ism, and a strong country party is return ed, we will be able to do something for the outback settlers. c The Very Rev. Father M. J. O'Reilly, CM. (Rector of St. John's College, within the University), left for New Zealand on Thursday by the Maheno. He is to give re treats in the Auckland dior-cse. ?» ? ? « Tho Rome correspondent of the London 'Tablet' takes the London correspondent of the Catholic 'Comoro d 'Italia' severe ly to task for saying in one of its recent issues: 'The English Government has never for a moment lost sight of what was its first and perhaps its only reason for going to war with Germany — industrial and commercial competition.' The editor of the 'Corriere' shouldn't be saying dis agreeable little things like fiis. Does he not know that the Allied Powers went to war to preserve civilisation, to make the world safe for democracy, to crush mili tarism, to protect small nations, and so forth? Nobody has any excuse for not knowing what everybody else knows — or, at least, has been told often enough to know. If the 'Argus' 'sees the 'Cor- riere,' which is unlikely, it will probably JSUU!' . . .. . ? accuse Archbishop Mannix of writing the article, oven though the 'Corriere' got it from England. ? ? » * Although this State cannot find money to pay its legitimate debts, Mr. Holman still trots' out his fantastic schemes for spending money. Thirty years ago Mr. Goodchap, with Government approval; pro mised railway men a gratuity. It has not been paid, on the pretext that Government has no money, and the railwayman are ask ed to take about half-a-crown in the £ as full satisfaction for their- claim. Mean while; the Premier announced on Monday that tho Government had formulated a scheme to encourage Australian literature. Mr. Holman said the proposal was to buy the copyright of literary work by- local writers which was considered of sufficient merit. The decision on this point would rest with a committee, which would include representatives of the Government, the University, proprietary and working jour nalism, science, the booksellers of the State, and some author of recognised merit. The committee would examine each original work of the year, and recommend the . pur chase of the best. There is no need for this idiotic project. Books of merit can easily find publishers, and, indeed, books, with out any merit whatever, are often snapped up. These Government boards become mere ly instruments for boodle. Where Our Saviour was Born; The Church of the Nativity, Bethlehem. It is remarkable what piffle politicians will talk when they want to get out of a light corner. The Federal elections were not a week past, when Sir Joseph Cook began to argue that profiteeii^g was an il lusory charge. ' ' Look at railway fares up 20 per cent.,' said Joe, and consider what noble, high-minded men the Railway Com missioners are. Joseph evidently thinks very meanly of the intelligence of his constitu ents. Railways are meant to be public con veniences first, and profit-making concerns afterwards. Besides, the Railways are un der divided rule. Politicians like Mr. Ball will butt in with their special lines; dead beads have to be carried; inefficient officers, with a pull, must be pushed ahead; unnec essary expenditure on Ministerial luxuries are undertaken. Increases of fares will not make the railways pay. Last year the receipts from railways and tramways were less than the previous year, because the in creases in fares compelled the workers to live in the congested parts of the city. In 1920, if tho fares are increased, people will trans fer from first to second class, or else come nearer in. But that kind of thing does not worry Joe Cook. His present job is to show that the profiteer is really a fine fellow. If he isn 't allowed to profiteer, he can 't con tribute to the jingo campaign funds. ? * * ? Mr. G. E. Bryant 's special prize of £5 5s, awarded annually for proficiency in theological studies, occasions keen compe tition among the students of St. Patrick's College, Manly. This year it was won by Mr. V. Cleary, of Brisbane, whose thesis on tho Pontificate pi' Gregory VII., was much admired by the keenly-critical audience. Mr. Bryant was, unfortunately, not able to at tend the prize distribution on Thursday. Once again, as in the days of St. Colum banus, the Irish stand at the head of the Apostolic work of Catholicity. The great missionary Orders, whose ? work 'extends all over the world, are fitted 'with able Irish priests, who are valiantly doing the work over which, until recently, French, German, Italian, or Spanish ecclesiastics presided. jFav ther Magennis is 'the first Irish General of tho Carmelites; Father Murray, General of tho Redomptorists; the late Father. Flem- ing was Acting-General of the Franciscans. Dr. O 'Gorman is Actfng-Gen'eral of the Augustinians. The Dominicans have never had an Irish General, nor, we believe, have the Jesuits. # . # #? ? ? Cabled to the 'Sun' that the Prince of Wales, in an impressive speech at the Man sion House, said that he was convinced that Great Britain was not played out. This as surance from such a high and disinterested quarter will relieve the minds of the anxi ous loyalists, who have been swallowing the impressive cablegrams about Ireland during the past week or two. ' We have no idea of the people to whom this princely pro nouncement is a challenge, or whether Bob Smillie or De Valera, or Senator Lodge will consider that the distinguished orator is giving them a snub. All we known is that the speech was 'impressive.' That in it self is noteworthy, when we take everything into consideration. The daily papers seem to have mixed up English and Irish news badly during the past few days. At one time they tell us about a motor-bandit who held up banks and shops at the revolver point, while his colleagues grab the cash, and then they wander off on propaganda stuff to say that: 'The fear that the worst chaos is develop ing in Ireland is reflected in tho large daily lists of crimes, the latest of which have been committed by a band of mysterious mounted highwaymen, who are looting way farers in the south-eastern provinces.' Im agine that kind of thing going on in the midst of 100,000 armed soldiers and police men, and you will wonder what fools the press-gang consider Australians to be. ? ? ? o Notwithstanding that Ireland is suppos ed to be seething with crime, the London ' ' TTnies, ' ' Ireland 's most malignant enemy, appeals to the Government to lift the mar tial law, and the 'Daily News' bitterly remarks: 'A Ludendorff mind is in supremo control.' Would it be a wonder under the circumstances if the Irish acted as the Bel gians did when other Ludendorff minds had them under martial law. Our daily papers cannot find words strong enough to praise the conduct of the Belgians. ? ? ? ? Mr. M. T. Madigan, who for many years was a telegraphist at William-street, and for the past three years at Edgecliff, was presented by Mr. S. W. Hill, postmaster at the latter office, on behalf of the staff, with a gold-mounted fountain-pen, and a silver inkstand, suitably inscribed. Mr. Madigan has retired from the post office and gone into business with his son, who is a chemist, at Bondi Junction. The late Mr. Samuel MeCauley; Comptrol ler-General of Prisons in Now South Wales, who died at his home, 'The Craigs,' Bland street, Ashficld, on Thursday morning, was one of the most notable men in the State Public ?[ Service. He was 59 years . of age, ' and had' suffered much during a prolonged' illness. Al though' Mr. McCauley had held the office of Comptroller-General for about five years, he had held responsible positions for a lengthy period, and his constant aim was reform and improvement in eve'ry direc tion whore there were openings. Born at Newtown, Mr. McCauley joined the Public - Service at the age of 16 years, his first appointment being as a junior clerk in tho office of the Comptroller-General of Pri sons. On January 1, 1887, he became chief clerk at Darlinghurst' Gaol, then under the governship of the late Sir John Cecil Read. The necessity for placing the book keeping of the department on a stable and uniform basis having arisen, Mr. McCauley was appointed accountant and examiner at the Comptroller-General 's office in 1891, and entrusted with the work of inspecting tho gaol3, and introducing a new bookkeeping synteni. He was appointed Inspector of Pri sons on January 1, 1896. On August 9, 1897, Mr. McCauley was appointed Deputy Comp troller and Inspector of Prisons. On May 1, 1914, he was . appointed Comptroller General. Mr. McCauley was a member of various committees and sub-boards whicl- inquired into the methods of obtaining sup plies for the Public Service, allowances and rates of pay to lunacy and charities depart ments and to gaol warders, and- allowances and emoluments of Public Service officers. Ho was a member of the Stores Supply Com mittee, which controls the supplies for the Public Service. » * ♦ ? *u.i. ^u.tvjauiuj' o auuiimouutiuu uj. tuu ill sona Department was marked by consider able ability. He was able to reduce the stuff and increase production, and his rule inspired confidence in his officers, and dis played justice and humanity towards the unfortunates under his charge. On many oc casions Mr. McCauley visited the import ant penal establishments of the various States of the Commonwealth, and in 1901 he visited the United Kingdom, France, and Italy, examining the methods of treatment of prisoners. During his visit to England ho saw the finger-print system of identification, which had just previously been introduced there, and it was then introduced not only into New South Wales, but also in the other States. Reading tho tributes paid to him by leading politicians, we cannot forget that his promotion was retarded for many years by the most objectionable influences. After a Requiem Mass, the funeral left St. Vin cent Js Church, Ashfield, on Friday morn ing, for Waverley Cemetery. — E.I.P. O e ? ? In keeping with the practice of former years, a number of employees at the New port (Vic.) railway workshops recently subscribed the sum of £62 as a Christmas gift to the Little Sisters of the Poor In stitution, Northcote,^. as a remembrance of the good work carried out by that body. On Sunday last a large number of those inter ested in the laudable movement, together with members of their families, visited tho home, and placed the offering, together with an additional sum of £5 12s, which was col lected in the Toom, in the hands of the au flinrifina A nnnnlifv n-P + nV»cinnr» tirno nlcn distributed amongst the men in the home. The Rev. Mother expressed her thanks for tho donations, which, she said, would as sist her to carry on tho work of the insti tution in caring for the aged people. ? ? ♦ ? 9 At the Lismore Cathedral on Saturday last, the Right Rev. Monsignor McGuire celebrated the marriage of Edward Charles Navin and Mary Valerie Sutherland, both well-known and respected residents &nbsp; of Lismore. &nbsp; ? e ? g On the 12th inst., at the annual concert and presentation of prizes, &c, of tho Mun gallala State School (Q.), the pupils took tho opportunity of publicly showing the esteem in which they hold their head teacher, Mr. J. R. McSweeney, by presenting him, prior to his Christmas holidays, with a beautiful ink-stand, suitably inscribed. In making the presentation, the elder pupils hoped that their teacher would remain long aqfbngst them. Mr. McSweeney warmlv thanked tho children. The Rev. Father Falconer, P.P., who was to have presided, was ill in hospi tal. Mr. McSweeney has done excellent work with his pupils in general, and has also prepared the Catholic children for the Sac raments. He possesses one of the finest chil dren 's choirs in Western Queensland, who sing tfie Mass in Latin on the occasions of tho priest's visit. He is a brother of the lato 'Teddy' McSweeney, of the Q.T.C., and is as well: and popularly known in the west as wns his brother in the metropolis. ? ? ? ? Some astonishment was created by tho report that the Dublin 'Freeman's Jour nal' was suppressed last week. The 'Freo- man's Journal' has had little or no influ ence in Ireland for some years, owing to its opposition to the Sinn Fein movement. It was frequently in low water, and, as we stated recently, at last went into liquida tion. By the last files we find that th& old 'Freeman's Journal' company was wound up, and the paper sold to Mr. Mar tin Fitzgerald as a going concern for £32,000. Mr. Fitzgerald may have put some life into it. ? ? ? ? The members of the Lismore Catholie Club Teeently presented Mr. T. J. Doolan with a souvenir of their esteem on his approaching marriage.. Mr. Doojan has been treasurer of the club for some years, and has always manifested a keen interest in its progress and welfare; the club members showed their appreciation of his work by last week 's gift. The president, the Eight Eev. Monsignor McGuire and many of the mem bers expressed their best wishes for his fu ture happiness. ? ? O ? Warwick (Q.) is becoming historical for its eruptive tendencies, and, no doubt, it felt that- when Mr. Clement Wrag^e pro phesied that the earth would wobble on Wednesday, something was expected of it. Therefore, on Wednesday afternoon, a ter rific cyclone broke over Warwick. Hailstones' as big as political eggs, fell everywhere. The storm wrenched the Church of England awry, unroofed a bank, and so; lire to a pub. Previous eruptions are quite thrown into the background. The Commonwealth police should certainly inquire into this matter, and the political views of Mr. Wragge might be obtained. Mr. T. J. Eyan, and Mr. Hughes no doubt, can prove an alibi; but Theodore and Fihelly are still in charge of Queensland. ? ? ? ? Any public man may accidentally calum niate his fellow-men; but when an honest man makes the slip, he is ready to apo logise. General Sir Frederick Maurice has set a good example; but though his conduct is praised in many English papers, we have not seen one Australian daily paper hold him up to emulation. Writing recently in the London 'Daily News' Sir Frederick said: Long before the elder Moltke created the Germaa General Staff another great militarist had founded n great and powerful society. I^oyola taught his fol lowers that the end justifies the means, and Ludendorff and his colleagues, in other times and for other pur poses, adopted the principle of the Jesuits. An explanation lias followed the writing and publication of this falsehood. 'I wrote the passage,' said General Maurice after wards, 'with my mind upon Ludendorff rather than upon the Jesuits, and I did not verify my references, as I should have done;' another way of saying that the general accepted a lit' which has been cur rent for centuries, and which is still re peated daily. He added: 'I have now in vestigated to the best of my ability the long-continued controversy which has raged between the Jesuits and their opponents on this question, and I have been unable to find that there is any evidence that Loyola taught his followers that the end justifies the means. I, therefore, desire to withdraw that statement, and to apologise for hav ing made it.' Handsome enough; but how many amongst General Maurice's fel low-countrymen and 'Australian admirers will follow his example. ? ? ? ? The Republic of San Marino is t'ic oldest democratic form of government in the world. According to reliable legend, a stone cutter by the name of Marinus came to the Mount of II Titano about the year 350. His visit was not only to ply his trade, but to preach the gospel of Christ. At that time the mount belonged to Felicissima, a Eimin ese lady. At her death she bequeathed it to the mountaineers with the prayer that they always remain united. This was the beginning 'of the little republic that was named after the stonecutter. Saint Marinus The independence of San Marino was re cognised by the Holy See in 1291. For sev eral centuries it had a chequered career. The lords of MonU'feltro, the Malatesta of Eimini and the lords of Urbino attempted to conquer the little country, but they were repulsed. The independence of San Marino was recognised by the King of Italy on March 22, 1862. Since that time cordial re lations have existed between San Marino and the Italian Government. The republic of Sau Marino occupies only 38 square miles, and has a population of about 10,000 souls. The government, is both simple and just. There is a general council of 60 members, who are elected for life. They are chosen from the different elements among the people. From these, two consuls are elected for six months. The council has legislative powers, and from its members is selected the great council of twelve, which is the supreme court of the land. It is hard lv necessary to add that the entire popu lation of San Marino is Catholic, 