 Wragge's Warning. Mr. Clement Wragge offers some recent observations on the universal subject of the weather. ' Tho only intermediato prospects of intervening showers in inland and River an districts lies in the fact that the ei 'reme northern edge of an Antartio de pression, named ' Connjy, ? is S.S.W. ?i'oiii 'LueiuviYi,'' ..V.U»in,oy' munna veil, and to him f.inntih ii.unu look dur ing ihd ensuing ten days fur a temponuy ? ufrebhing precipitation. But, two gigau cio anti-cyclones, or high pressure systems « ? on either tide, are doing their utmost, us ' it wore, to block him, aud it must bo can didly admitted that the situation away trom the coast looks very serious. Solar conditions 6pell drought, as special ob servations clearly show, while opposite f fleets have been, and will yet bo manifest ii-i he Northern Hemispuru, to wit, the Vmuiicau ft iods — negiitivo and positive jihuric vibrations operating respectively y wireless wau-s, linking up the sun viththe earth. ' How much longer must wo sound the viiining note. Wu knew in 1904 that l912 wnuld do a bad yenr' in c.tiunotital Vu.vCiulia. I frankly told the peuple so ' ui.'ht yeirsftijo, ntid was laughod at by '.hone nhp had ueiihur bruins nor the wisdom to understand. But fcooryat the ?present time would he absurd. ' .Now is i he time for niauly action on tho part of ho farmers and pastoralisis. Let thsni iie up and doing — let thorn make wells. 'am the liltln -creek beds on thuii- hold 'igs, conserve, o.iiisurve, anil let not the pt'overliial 'd o ?' of ai y intervening ' ain run to wusie. ? Everybody inyited, no onepres sed to buy, at F. W. Ward aud Coy.'s winter show, Thursday,  Concentrates, A plumber and ironworker ad- vertised for. The temperature in Sydney on Friday reached 99 deg. On Friday night burglars broke into the Trades Hall, Sydney, and secured tools valued at £30. An officer and 17 soldiers were executed at Constantinople last week for cowardice at Kirk-Kilisse. The additions to the Cobar Dis- &nbsp; trict School have been hung up for a week, owing to the inspector con- demning the bricks. A motor party left Cobar on Thursday of last week en route to Cunnamulla, a jaunt of over 1000 miles there and back. The steamer Zealandie arrived in Sydney last week with 120o immi- grants, amongst whom were 26 brides-elect. The brand of whisky which is relished by miners as well as their bosses is the one and only — O.O. Orkney.* At Gary (Indiana) on Wednes- day last, a ton of dynamite ex ploded in the Aetua Powder Com pany's premises, and six men were blown through the roof and killed. The will of the late Mr. George Robertson Bettridge of ??, Vic., has been lodged for probate. The testator died on July 8 last, and left property to the value of £90,000. Thirteen Mormon missionaries have arrived in Sydney. They pro- pose to conduct propaganda work in Australia for 12 months. The eldest of the party is 23 years of age. Says the Brewarrina 'Times': — Talk about carelessness ! Well we are in not in it as compared to the railway officials. During the past week papers labelled Brewarrina have been sent to Cobar or Bourke, thus depriving the townspeople of their latest news. What is the rea- son ? When you decide ro select your boots or shoes remember that the best range of Footwear, i.e. shoes of best quality, best fitting, best ap pearance and largest variety is at A. B. Campbell's. Isn't it prob able that you can do a little better by giving us your patronage ? A. B. Campbell, Shoe Specialist.—* Word was received in Forbes last week that Lyn. Cook, of Bur- nett, between Eugowra and Cano windra, drew first horse in the big Tattersall's sweep on the Mel bourne Cup. The lucky number, which drew Piastre, was 1222, and Mr. Cook will receive ^12, 000 as his share. It is stated that the lucky speculator has been engaged in the rabbit trapping industry for sometime. He is but 2 1 years of age, a son ,of Constable Cook, who was formerly In charge of the Can owindra police station. In the House of Representatives last week, the Minister for Cus- toms' S^id that.tbe steamer Irishman had only six baths for 1400 pas sengers. Inquiries had proved that measles had been prevalent amongst the passengers before the ship left England. Take your troubles In the trade to H M. Bell, practical watchmaker, jeweller and optioian, next Mitchell's nevvsagency Yon will find his work right, his price right and his promise ditto. — .0 The right to the publican's booth at the Nevertire races brought £45, whilst the right for. the refreshment stall went for a modest half a quid. There is a difference between eating and drinking out west, where they Never-tire of liquid refreshments.— Exchange. Last week the Bathurst 'Times' &nbsp; issued a four page supplement as a souvenir of the jubilee celebrations of the historic City of the Plains. The supplement contains many il lustrations of the picturesque City, also some interesting reading con cerning the discovery aud progress of Bijtlnirst. Tenders invited for road work in this issue. The audience at Wirth's Circus,. &nbsp; Melbourne, last week witnessed a fierce fight between a Polar bear and a powerful boar-hound. The animals fought for ten minutes and were eventually separated by their trainers. Both animals were badly mauled. Visit F. W. Ward and Co.'s store when wanting anything in summer goods. They are offering special inducements during November.* Readers are reminded that if their names are not on the electoral roll they are liable to a fine of £2. Per- sons who have been residents in the district for one month, and who intend residing here, are also liable if they don't become enrolled. Says the Condobolin 'Lach- lander ' : Our editor returned on Wednesday last, bearing a crop of influenza estimated to reach 38 bushels to the square foot. The stripper harvester of medicinal treatment has since been in full action, but there is still enough left to make him feel as seedy as a wheat barn. , The- Salvation Army is appealing for £20,000 for the General Booth Memorial Fund for a home for working and needy men in Sydney. The proposed building will accom modate between 600 and 700 men, and will be one of the largest houses of its kind in the world. There are suits and suits, but O'Dea's suits give satisfaction all the time.* The striker Evans, who was bat- oned after the shooting of Constable Wade at Waihi, died on Thursday morning from his injuries. He never recovered consciousness. Sixty strikers went to gaol for committing breaches of the peace. They are now signing bonds in order to regain their liberty. A cyclone passed over. Grafton on Tuesday. Rain fell in torrents and flooded the city. Lumps of ice as large as hen eggs fell with terrific force. In some parts of the district the hail-stones weighed half an ounce, and pierced iron roofs and smashed windows. The official opening of the Tem- ora demonstration farm last week was a great success. The farm comprises an area of 1,600 acres, which up till recently consisted of 14 homestead selections. The Parliamentary party who were pre sent at the opening included Messrs. J. L. Trefle (Minister for Agri- xulture) , W. A. Holman (Attorney General) , T. Brown (Federal mem ber for Calare) , Morrish, Stuart Robertson, Osborne, Page and Briner, M's.L.A., Mr. Valder (Superintendent of Agriculture), ?^S-cmRil^^rera1rles;?dWt^ the opening ceremony had been performed the visitors were enter tained at a banquet, at which some 200 people were present. Exactly suitable for the hot climate of Cobar — O.O. Orkney whisky and a little ginger ale.* Frank Wootton, the Australian jockey, will retire from race riding at the end of the present English season, owing to his rapid increase in weight. Wootton has headed the list of winning jockeys three times in England— in 1909, 1910, and last year. So far he has ridden 88 winners this season, and is second in the list to D. Maher, who has had 92. Wootton's record from 1906 to I9I2 is ; Mounts, 3424 ; wins, 761; second, 623; third, 472; nnr-1afwl IKfift The School of Arts Bazaar opens in the Masonic Hall on Wednesday night next. There is a handsome lot of gifts to be competed for, in- cluding a gold watch, suit of clothes, eight-day clock, violin and other valuable articles, which have all been subscribed and donated gratuitously by business people and admirers of the institution, Con- sidering the up-to-dateness of the School of Arts — the large and ex- tensive library and reading-room, combined with its spacious and airy billiard room — the institution does not get the support it really war- rants. However, it behoves all to attend and assist the bazaar, and in doing so they will be helping along, a worthy institution. Your summer shirts, Tis best to make the selection early and be prepared for when the warm days come. The range of shirts we are showing is very complete and in cludes the newest in neat and beauti ful designs. Decide now that you shall see the shirts at A. B. Camp bell's, The Men's Store.—* Like the fox, the crow has both friends and enemies amongst the people on the land. At a meeting of the Wagga Pastures Protection Board it was moved that the TlnnrA pay a bonus of 3d per head on crows,, but. Mr. Cox opposed the motion. He said there were argu nients against the crow, but it was admitted that these birds were use ful in many waya. Mr. J. G. Fletcher, a pastoralist and farmer of many years experience, also op posed the motion. It was pointed out in a circular received from Jer ilderie Board that they did ponsider able harm in preying on the eggs and the young of insectivorous birds. It was decided not to agree with the views of the Jerilderie Board, and not to co-operate as re quested in filing a bonus. A correspondent, writing in the Tamworth 'Observer,' declares that a bunch of mint, if placed on a table or shelf , or hung anywhere in &nbsp; a room will banish flies. By means of a method of tapping on the spine, Dr. Albert Abrams, of San Francisco, claims to have discovered a cure both for tuber culosis in its early stage aud ap pendicitis. A revision court, for the purpose of revising the supplementary list of electors of the Municipality, will be held at the Court House, Cobar, on Thursday, 28th November. A police constable in Wellington impounded three cows found graz- ing on the well-kept grass lawn in front of the police barracks. One of the straying beasts belonged to the inspector of nuisances. At Wrightville on Thursday night next, Les. Meurer and Harry Campbell are to box the best of 20 rounds. The contest should be a good one, as both boys have met twice before and got a decision each, so Thursday night's mix-up will decide matters. The mildest and absolutely the purest whisky in the market is 6. O.- Orkney. Once tasted never refused.* The sale of horses by Mr. J. M. Scott takes place this (Tuesday) day, at Martin's sale yards, East Cobar. All the horses are fat and suitable for delivery cart, coaching or van horses. A well-known Forbes publican was speaking ou what he termed the cussedness of human nature the other night. ' 'Several years ago I was a local preacher in London,' he remarked, 'and now I am pulling beer for thirsty residents. I wonder what the men I 'saved1 in London would say if they saw me now.' At the meeting of members of the Cobar branch of the A.M.A. in &nbsp; the Stadium on Sunday in connec- tion with the withdrawal from the Amalgamation, it was decided to take a ballot of members on the question later on. The meeting was fairly noisy, the General Sec- retary, who was present, receiving a deal of criticism over some of his statements which recently appeared in the Metropolitan press. Readers are reminded that the Druid's great carnival opens in the Cobar Stadium on Thursday next, and will be continued on the fol- lowing night. A real treat is in store for the sport-loving people, such items as the tug-of-war, wrestling, cadet drill competitions, dancing, singing &c. being on the programme, the advertisement ap- pearing in this issue giving par- ticulars. In the early hours of Wednesday morning at Dubbo railway station, says the 'Dispatch, 'a motor cycle, the property of Mr. Neil Hives, took fire. It appears the cycle had been consigned, with naptha in it, which is prohibited for transit by rail in cycles, and had been put into the tin shed at the station. A notifi- cation had previously been sent to the owner to say that the cycle was there at his risk. The conflagration reached the roof of the building, the tin of which was blackened and scorched, and it is a most fortunate thing it was not placed elsewhere, or the station buildings would have been well alight. The cycle is al- most a total wreck. we ve uuui our Dusiness on a solid foundation by always offering lines of trustworthy merchandise ? the real sterling worth kind. We believe that quality is what counts and next to that is popular selling prices. These reasons should com mend our lines to you. A. B. Campbell, Headquarters for Mer cery and Footwear. — * At a meeting of the Wyarilda Shire Council, one of the councillors asked the president if there was any letter from the 'eviction people,' The chairman replied in the affirm ative, but added that he had decided not to table it. 'I wish you would,' replied the other, ' because I would suggest that if the Governor- Gener- al wants rooms in New South Wales we could let him have the use of the council chambers. Another coun cillor' suggested that there would be trouble if the council wanted to meet on washing day, . j.vu. (jiement wragge, in a lec ture at Gulgong, referred to the way in which he had been 'misrepre sented by the press over the matter of droughts. He claimed that in 1904 he had predicted that the rain fall in 1912 would be below the average, and also in the two fol lowing years, but that the con ditions would change back to normal rains afterwards, year by year, until 1920. In April last, while lecturing in the west, he had said that the dry weather then pre vailing would be broken by fairly good rains, and he advised the people to save every drop of water, as the dry conditions would be re sumed. There would be intermit tent falls, but in general the con ditions would be on the dry sjde. He claimed that his words liad come true, for, although they had such splendid rain in June and July, it was only what he had told them. The records showed that since then the rain has been holding off, and that more is needed. When the June rains came on he was ridiculed far and wide, but they must admit that be was correct in his forecast. 