 QUEENSLAND NOTES. (FRQM-OUR* CORRESPONDENT.) THE PREMIER'S TRIP. Mr. Deoh&m left for, London amidst con siderable display of goodwill. He- has a big task in band, but he also requires change and rest. He bas not only worked hard during tbe past session, but in. the earlier part of the year he made extended tours through the western and northern country, took ap'active part-in the-Federal elections, and was doubtless subjected to much anxiety in regard to the solidarity of his party, which was threatened, by the attitude of the Country. Liberal .party. In a fare well speech to his Parliamentary supporters he made the keynote- of bis -remarks the necessityincreasing the. population of the^eountry by immigration, and there is littlequestionthat this, will' beone of the matters to which he will pay; special-atten tion in England. The question- as -to who should actim . his place duiing, his absence was settled by the. rote: of the, party, and the; majority declared' for -the Treasurer -(Mr. Barnesh-id -referred fcphis suitability before,: and It; is- as weH that extraneous issues did sot lead the party to pass him over,; as wasganeraily expected. Before 1 eaving ifr; Denman made'a generous con cession inregprdfo the damages awarded him ahdr hisrwm.iig^inst. Senator Feri-icks. The damge^ 'wm-e foregone, and costs alone will have- to be, paid.. \Vnile not;wishing to discount the seherosity of the action, there is little doubt that Mr.-Benham was handicapped by the' threatened appeal, which would probably hhve necessitated his remainingQueensland, but for all'that he heed not hare done- as he'did, and by his action he has' justified. his statement in the-witness-box that Ins sole desire was to clear himself and his firm of charges, which, if not refuted, would have driven the one out of politics and the other out of busi ness. The verdicts he gained have given ample proof that the reckless charges of the ex-Labour-leader in the Assembly and of Mr. Ferricks: on the platform, were un founded and.unwarranted; TUB WEATHER. It is at least a redeeming feature of Aus tralian politicians that they recognise their limitations, and admit that an inch of. rain at the right time surpasses, the value of what they can themselves do. Queensland was becoming ;pt>xioiis, and the partial and not very heavy rains of a fortnight or so ago were a palliative/ but pot a complete cure for the. .evil of the dry spell. Now, the wet season/ bap: come, has come early, as inthe"■"gopd.'-dld" ,#ys,,and there is every, reason to suppose that another year of prosperity.awaits thiS State. But in the pastoral districts "there was a heavy toll by de£tb and,fire before the rains actu ally came. Theeountry had become like tinder, and the fire-fighters h$d a busy time. There wes, *6r seems to have been, an un usual-humbler of 'cases of missing 'men, and of ■ search- to' end only by finding '-all that was left."" 'Itds.early yet forthe-cyclonic storms albng the coast,-but we ihay-'expect theiramvaliri a rveiy few wedcs.^ It is perhaps hardly out of place , for :.fc writer who has he'en through at least-three of the most disastrous, and canjemembcr the time when Clement .Waragge would advise our coastal , shipping -and- bur r coastal dwellers almost hourly of the progress of the dis turbances, to. oxprpss a hope that the Com monwealth Meteqrological department will give the danger some sppdal attention. There is cableoommanicatibn with Noumea, afew yeaw ago. -^heyearling'fleets of the TorresBtravtsldidpf' .,'esternAustralia have th ba thoujht of, to say nothing of such ships as^the'Yohgala and the Room, nana. It'foay"he utterTy unreasonahle.-yet there Is no -Questioh that shipmasters along our eastern ookst believe that they were more effectually served in the days of dement Wragge thannt the present tune. *THB ELEOTOBAIi BOtLg, One read* with seme astonishment tha statement, that the Federal rolls in this Statehavebeenrevised aodbrought up to date, and that instead or the number of electors having increased since May last it has actually decreased; not by many, it is true, but by .1,157. It May the: Certified rolls sent to presiding officers contained 363,082 names. These were as nearly as the electoral office could make them clean rolls. Now, after six months, with a .steadily increasing population, with the youthful population reaching the age of 21, and with all the threats that, another fe deral election is imminent, we find,, the rolls, which were as clean as they could'be made under the. law, according to the offi cial statement, -contain fewer names. The .point seems to be this. Electoral officials nave asked for at least a month .before an •election in'which to clean up the rolls; The ■ Queensland figures indicate that-the clean ing process last! May must have, been months, -not -weeks, behindhand. When wetprn to the State rolls, where the Quali fication is 12 instead of 6 months residence in the State, we find only about 287$00 names enrolled, or, in other words, the Federal contain 75,000 names more than the State rolls. . We are asked by this to be lieve that there are in Queensland 75,000 adults who have resided in the State six months, but less than twelve months. It seems hard to believe. There are, roughly, more names on the Brisbane and- Oxley rolls. each than on the rolls for the State elec tors tescontained within those divisions. Therefore in those two divisions alone we have 24,000 adults. who have resided in Queensland Vsix- but not twelve months. These puzzles are some of the many which the federal Royal Commission might well try to solve. ■ THE UNIVERSITY. It-was probably with more of an eye to' public- effect than in hope of solving, a problem that Mr. Kidston, when Premier, seized upon Government House, and de clared that it should be. the home of the University. Already it is found entirely un suitable; as'anyone with any knowledge of the subject foresaw. . More room is wanted ■ —room for detached buildings—and. the State Governor (Sir William McGregor) and the members of the Senate have waited upon the City Council accordingly. It was an unusual deputation, and the city fathers appeared by no means at their ease. The ^University asks the council for "the Vic toria Park, an'area of over 160 acres, and within easy distance of the general hospital, and the Senate, with Sir William. McGregor at its head, practically says it is this, or move the University to Ipswich. At the lat ter place there is a splendid site which has been offered! The University has now four affiliated colleges, and a fifth is spoken of. Naturally the city councillors ..were. shy. of any proposition which suggested the' aliena tion of public reserves, and asked for time to consider. It is probable that eventually the- University will be established in. Vic toria Park. At a meeting of the Senate the other day a gift of £1,000 was received from the Colonial Sugar Refining Company, with a request that it be used for forwarding chemical education.- It • is aa open secret that this company attributes tbeuulk of its success to chemical-research,' and that it was fear of having: to disclose,this portion of its methods of business-'.which more than any thing led to its fighting-the case recently decided in its favour by the Privy Council. % INDIGNANT CAIRNS. Thfr-town of ; Cairns is in -a chronic state of indignation about railways, , sugar mijls, and' other subjects. When not indignant with-the'Government,- then ;it is indignant with itself—one-half 'offche down against the other. Foramoment the Government is left alone, and - public indignation has found a new outlet in .Dr.- Breime, the head of the-tropical medicine station at Towns ville, who recently lectured in Melbourne. He.»' reported to . have said that malaria is -rampant inCairns; and-the Cairns people are furious- at: this -detraction of the salubrity of their -town. . Far from being rualariaijithey hold .that C&iros is a healthy place, and, with, its- hinterland, an emi nently suitable locality .for.- tourists, or ex hausted . city men from the. south. .»- It seems more nhanmrdhable that Dr. Breirile, when he said thai malaria was. rampant in Cairns, meant that nt was so in a medical sense, and not in -that accepted by. the ordinary northerner, who. only, considers malaria rampant when it is killing people off with Tapidity. As -a matter of actual experience the eastern coastline of Queens land, as it becomes settled and conse quently drained, ceases to. suffer from rampant malaria, and the disease becomes quiescent, seldom appearing amongst the residents except in a mild form. New comers,, however, may get a. severe bout of it if they remain in the place for a few months, though that does not follow as a necessity. The beSt proof that malaria is almost a negligible quantity in the settled parts of the tropics lies in the fact that whereas thirty years , ago praGtieally none escaped, while many died of the fever, to-dey it is the exception if the new chum direct from Europe gets fore than a slight attack. As Townsville isfiut a few miles from Oaims, and Dr. Breinle is a frequent visitor to the latter place, it will be in teresting; to learn exactly what the scientist means by the word "rampant," if ever he used it. That the Cairns indignation may properly be described as - rampant goes without .saying. . &lt; / STOCK FREIGHTS. Last October I referred to the efforts ..of the meat companies to; induce the Govern ment to continue the 25 per .cent, rebate on stock freights, so as to prevent cattle being overlanaed to New South Wales.'The rebates had .been in. force. since .10Q4, and the Railway Commissioner, saving that stock freights, were not profitable,. urged their abolition. The meat companies de clared -that this Would add 3/6 per. head to the cost of stock. The matter.has been brought up . again, afterthe Minister had more than once consulted theCabinet. He told a fresh deputation, with some force, that it yv-as unwise for-any public utility to grant concessions, aa * proposition to discontinue .them was regarded ah an in fringement of an acquired right. He. has, however, decided to abolish half the amount ofrebate from-the,ntet or 1014, aUd the second half froih .the first of 1P15.. The, coij cpasipnkndwp as starving' stock rates is to be continued; ; Additional lnterestis lent to this matter, as it: emphasises the .point made by Mr. Denham in Melbourne, who, when questioned about the Beef Trust, directed attention to the feet that lbs carnage -d! cattle was in the hands of the Government, 'which controlled the railway freights. This added charge will, of course, affect the new American works equally with the locally-owneo  SEW ZEAL&SB EOZSS. Lord KITCHENER'S REPORT. You will have heard that Iiotcl Kittihener, &t the conclusion of hie tour of inspection, forwarded to the Government a copy of Part 1 of his report to the Common-wealth Government, as containing practically all that was necessary for the requirements of the Dominion. The figures in the Aus tralian report will, of course, he divided by four, so that New Zealand will have only one-fourth of the men and of the areas re oommended for Australia, and the scheme will cost only £470,000 in the seventh year. The present defence estimates amount to £202,000, plus £50,000 a year for the next three years for certain additional perma nent works, and, of course, the naval charges in the shape of interest on the Dreadnought, and ilia £100,000 subsidy to the Admiralty. The Premier, however, esti mates that with the increasing prosperity of the Dominion the increased cost of de fence, amounting in the first year to only £25,000 over present charges, will not necessitate any further taxation. The re port has been, on the whole, well received, and there is a general demand that the Government shall adopt it without tinker in^ though some of the Radical members | of Parliament seem inclined to object to Sir Joseph Ward's ready acceptance of Lord Kitchener's advice to keep the defence question outside party politics. The public, realising what a wrench with the past would, be involved if the Government were to at tempt to act on the Field-Marshal's advice on this point, are not hopeful. One passage in Lord Kitchener's cover ing letter has been read with special in-: terest. "It appears to me," he wrote, "that for your land forces New Zealand and Aus tralia should adopt homogeneous military systems, in order to be able to efficiently support one another in the event of national danger. I think that uniformity in train ing and establishments of unite, as well as the closest ties of comradeship, in the armed forces of New Zealand and Australia, should be fostered in every way." He therefore advised that New Zealand should 6end to the "West Point" College to be! established in Australia those of her cadets \ who are intended to become the instructors | of the Dominion's citizen forces. The idea] has been warrnlv welcomed, and it is hoped ' that it may leaa to a wider and clearer re-j cognition of the value of closer relations: between New Zealand and Australia as. regards colonial and Imperial defence. j Lord Kitchener, after completing his in- j spection of our defences, spent some ten ; days in, visiting the Hot Lakes district, in' company with his sister and her husband.' He seems to have enjoyed himself j thoroughly, all the more, one imagines, be-, cause he was out of the way of the crowds that attended his incomings and outgoings in the cities. One heard out little of his; movements, for his travelling was done liy motor-car, and eventually lie slipped into Wellington one morning, and went off in the afternoon bv the steamer that con nects at Tahiti with the San Francisco boat. He had given the strictest instructions to the shipipng agents that his movements were not to be disclosed, and therefore it was as "Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Sellars" that, lie and his suite, figured in the passenger; list. By that device he escaped the well-! meant attentions of the public, for it was j not until very shortly before the 6leaincr cast off that the small crowd on the wharf discovered that it carried so distinguished , a passenger. 1 A CANDID VISITOR. j The Bishop of Christcburch, in an address that is probably better remembered than most of his sermons, once charged New Zealanders with a tendency to indulge in narrow-minded vainglory, the self-satisfac tion with jhemselves ana their surroundings that exists in some cases—the quality is not universal—when people have never moved beyond the narrow limits of their own circle. New Zealanders are not, I tlpnk, more given to "blow" than most other people, but if they were, the visits of a few people like Herr Weber would act as a check. Herr Weber is the travelling com panion of Count Bismarck, a nephew of ] the great Bismarck, who has been touring the Dominion. A reporter ran him to earth in Wellington, and invited him to say what he.thought of New Zealand. With a Ehrug nnd a smile, the German gentleman replied, "We think we have cocie too early—about 500 years too early!" A facer indeed, but worse was to come. Pressed for details of bis trip, Mr. Weber admitted that they bad seen Lake Wakatinu, the West Coast road, the Otira and Buller Gorges, besides other parts of the South Island, and Wellington. Wakatipu? Yes, certainly it was beautiful, but not to be compared with Switzerland,' 17 hours by train from Berlin. Otira was worth seeing—"but how much easier to see ! Norway." They were going up the Waii ganui River, ana on to Roterua. The river would, no doubt, be very fine, but to call it the New Zealand, Rhine! The idea ex ! cited our visitor's mild derision. "It could not possibly be that." The burden of his song wag that one spent five or six weeks in coming to see scenery no better than Europe provided, and to see it under condi tions of serious discomfort—slow trains, and so forth; no hotels worth mentioning, no; opera, no luxury. He admitted that in New Zealand a great deal had been done; in a very short time, and that it was a promising country; but it was plain that fie thought the promise was a long way from ] fulfilment. MR. CLEMENT WRAOOE'S DISCOVERY. In the far north of Auckland Province, Mr. Clement Wragge, the well-known astronomer and meteorologist, has dis covered, so he says, the remains of an an cient city or temple, probably dating back to the time of sun-worship. The huge blocks of stone constituting these remains lie ap parently in heavy bush. He modestly puts their age at 500,000 years, but he admits they may be a great deal older! He has also expressed trie opinion that they are connected with Lemuria, the continent that once existed in the Western Pacific; and [ he has therefore provisionally ehristeifed the site Lemurion. Some STe marked with cups or ecooped-out holes, hearing "evi dently written records of great antiquity, and altogether Mr. Wragge Is satisfied that they date back toi the time when pre historic man first migrated from the Nor thern to the Southern Hemisphere. It is to be feared that Mr. Wragge is not taken quite seriously. When he first came over here he need to indulge in a good deal of weather prediction, and a prophet of that sort is seldom -accorded great honour in his own country. Mr. Wraggc's habit of giving the storms that be predicted the names of: members of the Ministry excited rude mirth, especially when mariners were warned to beware of "Buddo" in the Tasman Sea, or when the country was threatened with the cyclone Ward.' So that Mr. Wragge's wonderful discovery in the fastnesses ox the North—he has declined to specifly the exact locality—has been received with more or less respectful doubt. Professor Macmillan Brown, of Christchurch, who has studied the anthropological problems of Polynesia, is inclined to accept the probability of the find being genuine, especially in view of the undoubtedly authentic megalithio remains elsewhere in this part of the world, atid the existence of something like Druidical circles in other pa its of New Zealand. Other scientists, such as the late surveyor-general, Mr, Percy Smith, an equally keen student of the past, suggests that Mr. Wragge has found a number of natural bapaltie columns, such as were known to lie in the locality of the alleged "temple." The marking on them, which Mr. Wragge declares to be of human origin, Mr. Smith thinks are pro bably the natural hollows and marks found in that particular formation. Mora will, no doubt, be heard of the matter, for if the re mains are/ genuinely megalithio, they would be of great scientific interest and value. GOLFERS IN COURT. A case of some importance, and much in terest to golfers, was heard at the Welling ton Supreme Court the other day, when a Mrs. Leekie and her husband claimed from a well-known medical man, Dr. Ernest Raw son, £786 damages for injuries inflicted upon the lady by a golf club in She doctor's hands. Mrs. Leekie, it appears, was crossing the links towards the golf-house, and passed close behind the tee on which Dr. Rawson and two companions were awaiting the arrival of a fourth player. At that moment Dr. Rawson swung his club and struck the lady behind liim right in the face, the whole of the front of her skull, including her nose, being driven in two and a half inches, so that only part of the tip of her nose pro truded. The doctor at once drove her into Wellington in his car, and assisted at the operation that was immediately performed— an operation which appears to have been wonderfully skilful ana successful. It was claimed, however, that her nervous system had sustained such a shock that she could hardly write, and was not able to sew at all, while her olfactory nerves had also suf fered severely. There was, of course, no question that the occurrence was purely ac cidental. The point was whether the doctor had bec-n guilty of negligence, or whether the lady had not taken care to avoid danger. There was much evidence ah to the pre liminary swing being part of the game, and as to the propriety of persons standing or walking directly behind players on the tee. Dr. Rawson asserted that on looking round before addressing hie ball, he saw no one near him, except his companions, who must have been between him and Mrs. Leekie. It was further suggested by counsel that the lady was wearing one of "those - ' tin " curiously-shaped hats of the inverted soup-) plate order, that it was tied down over; ner cars, and that she was walking along j against the wind with her eyes on the : ground, without looking where she was . going. The jury evidently agreed with this , view, for they found that the lady alone had been guilty of negligence, and there- ( fore was not entitled to any damages. i 