 MR, WRAGGE'S VISITTO GRENFELL. Those who heard the lectures delivered by Mr. Wragge in the Oddfellows' Hall on Wednesday and Thursday evenings, were afforded a treat such as could be lonly given by, a man holding the high position in the scientific world as that held by the eminent lecturer — the well known Australian astronomer, Mr. Clement L. Wragge. Taking his audi ence witJi mm on weuuesuay ingiii to many of the great observatories of the world, and showing by a fine lantern the astronomical photographs obtained at these observatories, Mr. Wragge dealt with the wonder and majesty of the skies — the numerous constellations, planets, and the nebulae in a niannei that was most pleasing, and which was not without profit to those present. The first picture presented was a photo of the skies taken from the Himalayan mountains, and showing stars by the millions multiplied again by millions; these stars, the lecturer explained, were nothing else but suns, of which there were no two alike. Warming up to the wonders of the solar systems, and re ferring every now and then to that amazing substance, radium, the lecturer impressed unon his hearers the fact that science and true religion were one Groups of stars were shown as seen through a strong pair of field glasses, a £7 telescope, and at different expos ures, by tne great instruments of the Lick, Heidelberg, and other well-known observatories, amongst ? the many pic tures being the Great Bear, Southern Cross. Orion, Cygnus, and several of the Seven Sisters, which were fine. A long exposure by one of the most powerful instruments in the world re vealed a plate over which the lecturer became most enthusiastic — suns in numerable, all, Mr. Wragge stilted, the work of the Most High, who controlled the working of the universe, from the smallest, things on earth to, the great ness of the solar systems; the lecturer here said if he were a clergyman, he would take for a text these words:— ' The heavens declare the glory of God, and the firmament showeth his handiwork ; day unto day uttereth speech, and night unto night showeth knowledge.' The sun was next dealt with, and Air. Wragge showed plates of the sun flames leaping out, the .sun spots, etc., and stated that at the time when the ' light phenomena' was seen in 1909 (of which the people of Gren ffcli had such a splendid view) it was noticed that one of the sun spots— in 'reality a storm or cyclone of thousands of miles across— was greatly disturbed, and telegraph services all over the world were affected at the time. Mr. Wragge, following up this part of the lecture gave an interesting quarter of an hour on weather fore-casting, and said that up to 191G the rainfall would be below the average in Australia, more pronounced inland. A set of photos of the moon were magnificent and those in the hall were able to see ' Sunset on the Appenine Valley.,' and ' Sunrise on Copernicus,' fcraters, sea beds, lava, etc., all in the moon, with a distjnetiveness that was truly wonder ful. At the conclusion of the lecture about forty or fifty persons remained to see that most wonderful substance, radium, and a lecture on its use and power was ^much appreciated. Mr. Wragge lectured on Thursday night frlso, a most profitable-and interesting evening being spent. 