 HALLSVILLE, (From our Correspondent.), Taking a retrospective view of tlio last 12 months, with us, as in the case of all olil-establlshcd agricultural districts, the seasons, the crops and dairy are the chief topics wprthy of special nolo. ,Tho eeaaous have been wretched—heavy , hailstorms and windstorms and cold chan ges alternately. A terrific windstorm this month unroof* ed a big bayshed at Mr. Harry Dennlng's, and also uuroofed sheds and destroyed wind* mills at Messrs. J. J. PJpor's, Pullman's Muggleton's, and othorB, right up Moor Creek, creating wholesale devastation right through to Moonbl. The wheat yields hore have run from one bag up to ten per acre, according to the conditions under which it was put in; and it will not exceed eight bushels. This partial failure is attri buted to the absence of October rains, which were also responsible for a slightly Inferior grain in places. It Is plump and hard, but In comparison with normal seasons Is on tho light side; and it is hard to put threo bushels in a bag. A variety of wheat that has Stood the idiosyncrasies of the season Is Yandilla King. Although no largo areas of it were planted here, it stools out well, has a long firm stem and large heads, and weighs" well. Largo areas wero fallowed this year; and light sandy or loamy ground beat heavy ground out of sight in ovory In* stance. Dairying Is stoadily.on tho increase, and is tho main standby of tho mixed farmer—' and Judicious worklug is a never-falling source of income. The lack of autumnal rains and a conse quent failure of winter feed (except for those who had lucerno) wero responsible for a shpr.tag© of oream, which was nearly tho meaju.of stopping tho running of our local cream van; but the ownor (Mr. A. Doolan) gamely kept It going, and of courso was compensated as soon as the monsoonal raJn came In November, by loads of cream which gladdened tho heart of tho dairyman, especi ally whllo butter kept nt 120/ per cwt. In this way the man whose wheat failed had his cream chequo to fall back on; but tho man who depended solely on his wheat suf fered—moro particularly thoflo*who lost last year's crop through the disastrous October frost of 1910. Hailstorms bavo done considerable dam age to crops. Mr. George Wiseman had 100 apres of n 10-bag crop tureshed right out by the hail, while on the other hand ho had a magnificent lambing—100 per cont. Moral: Nevor put nil your eggs In ono bnskot! Wragge's miniature drought scared all man ner of men on the land, and when the boun tiful tropica] rains set in. giving immunity from that dreaded scourge, cyclones, and blenched wheat wcro a more circumslaucc compared with the'vast amount of good the general rains did to the parched earth. At any rate a noticeable air of general pros perity and contentment seems to prevail throughout tho district. "Whether it derived its source from wheat, wool, or cream. Is hard to say, but probably it was from all of three. Everything points to a prosperous begin ning for 1912. May it continue ho, and eclipse all previous years for the man on tho land is tho wish of your correspondent, who takes this opportunity pf wishing your readers and the staff of the "Daily Ob server" tho compliments of the season. December 29, 1911.  A Prophet's Predictions. HEAT WAVES,CYCLONES, AND .QUAKES. Australasia is in for a hail time. Past disasters will pale Into Insignificance if tlio predictions of tlie latest prophet-or oven a minimum of them-como to. pass. And there is alwf.ys a chance that one nifty strike It right, and establish a reputa tion for accurnto foresight. Many weather prophets have arisen in Australia of late years, but they have been content to stop at predicting for a year ahead. To Barmedmtn, however, belongs the honor of.producing a prophet who has eclipsed tho predictions of all the names known to Australia. Egeson, Russell, Wragge, Hunt, and the man from Moree are not now in it. The new man is silent as to his system. It may be as simple and as convincing as aching corns in the act of foretelling rain. But whatever it is, neither time nor dis tanco checks its efficacy. Isobaric pres sure, high level stations, kites, barometric observations, and tlio like, which are be lieved to figure largely In the elaboration of the forecast of a day or BO, have been overshadowed. Even Zadkiel, Old Moore, and the other great predictors, have contentod themsolves with hazarding the doings of a day, but the Barmedmau prophet's predictions are onough to make tlio boldest of Australia's citizens shiver In his shoes. Neither Mr. M'Gowen nor Mr. Wade, nor the Egyptian plagues, could promise greater disasters than Mr. H. WMBIi, of Barinedman, who writes, under date May 2, as follows: "During the first part of 1913 there will bo great heat waves, causing many deaths, cyclonic disturbances, causing towns and shipping to be seriously affected, and devas tating floods, causing great loss of life and property. "Droughty conditions will rulo more or loss until 1918. Then there will bo a return to a succession of g.ood seasons. Thore will bo an earthquake in Now Zealand in the year 1912; and an earthquake in Aus tralia beforo 1917; and, owing to tlio great depression that is about (to affect this country, free or assisted immigration to Australia will cease in 1913. The great drought of 1912 will continue until the end of this ye!>r. (Signed) H. Walsh, the Bar mcdman Weather Prophet."  A Prophet's Predictions. HEAT WAVES, CYCLONES, AND 'QUAKES. AiiFtralawirt is in for :i had time. Past disasters will pale into Insignificance If the predictions of tho latest prophet—or oven .1 minimum of them—romo to pnw. And thore is always a chance that one nifcy striko it right, and establish a reputa tion for accurato foresight. Many weather prophets havo arisen In Australia of Into years, hut they have been content to stop at predicting for a year ahead.' To Barmertman, however, belongs tho honor of producing a prophet who has eclipsed tho predictions of all the names known to Australia. Egeson, Russell, Wragge, Hunt, and the man from Moree arc not now In it The new man is silent as to his system. It may be as simple and as convincing as aching corns in the act of foretelling rain. Hut whatever it is, neither time nor dls tanco checks its efficacy. Isobarlc- pres sure, high level stations, kites, barometric observations, und the like, which are be lieved to figure largoly iu the elaboration of the forecast of a day or so, havo been overshadowed. Even Zadklel, Old Moore, and tho other great predictors, have contented themselves with hazarding the doings of a day, but the tiarmedman prophet's predictions are enough to make the boldest of Australia's citizens shiver in his shoes. Neither Mr. M'Gowen nor Mr. Wado, nor tho Egyptian plagues, could promise greater disasters than Mr. H. Walsh, of Barmedman, who writes, undor date May 2, as follows:— "During the first part of 1913 there will be great heat waves, causing many deaths, cyclonic disturbances, causing towns and shipping to bo seriously affected, and devas tating floods, causing- great loss of life and property. "Droughty conditions will rulo more or leBB until 1918. Then there will bo a roturn to a succession of good seasons. There will bo an earthquake in New Zealand In the year 1912; and an earthquake in Aus tralia before 1917; and. owing to.the. great depression that is about {to affect this country, free or assisted immigration to Australia will cease in 1913. The great drought of 1912 will continue until the end of (his year.— (Signed) H. Walsh, tho Bar* moUman weather Propnot. 