 WEATHER CYCLES AND COMETS. Mr. W. H. Webb, of Bathurst, writ, ing to the 'Herald,' says: Early in March Mr.. T. \V, Keele gave an in- .. tcresting account of. his, investigations 'dn' weather cycles, and, .quoted from ? the Bible in s'upport of his theory that 'the 171-year cycle is the true period icity.' He studied tho Darling River and Lake George flood records, and from the latter says: 'It clearly shows a period of 57 years.' From 'the an nual inundations of the Nile as far back as 1736 and up to 1903. ... it be came eyideh't' that its period must be either 114. years or 171' years.' Then he quotes the late Mr. Symons on Bri tish rainfall, showing 57 years, and his torical events from Waif ord's and oth er catalogues' as showing 171 years as thoi 'regular intervals.' Concern ing the 171 years' cycle I wrote some time ago 'that life Was too short to worry over a 171 years' cycle, and I ob serve that Mr. T. E. Willis is of the same opinion. It is interesting to soe that Mr. Keele admits that 'there were evidences that some mysterious influence affected the weather ev-vy 19 years.' When I first read of Mr. Keele's 171 years' cycle, sorn-i months ago, I wondered whether be tver ' 'thought of a peculiarity in his '?ru'tings viz., that all of his arguments H/rput ' the 19 yoars' cycle, so ably woikiul out for some time by the late Mr. Kifs^'ell, ' inasmuch as he names a 57 years cy cle, which is reall ythrec periods of iq yoars, and his 171 years cy-te is also three periods, but of 7 ?y.'ars, and nine of the 19 years' ryde. I alwavs believe in looking at the bright side of things, henco shortly after reading Mr. Clement Wragge's alarming statement published on' Sep-i tembcr 11, 190S, that 'the lainfall in Australia will now fall off, but the'; coming drought will probablv not be so sovcre as the last,' in January, of 1909, when I had completed some in vestigations after several months of very dry weather, I wrote that good rains were not far oft Onlv a few davs later oxcellont rams fell, January finishing with 370 points in Bathurst, and the vcar turning out one of the best for nino years, not only here, but all over the State. It is now just 12 months since I wrote regretting that the Commonwealth Meteorology De partment did not publish the valuable \ information that the late Mr. Russell used to give, and, as people vyqre com plaining bitterly about the dry spell then prevailing, especially about Sydney and the South Coast, both be ing about one-third short, the Hunter :and Manning ono quarter short, the 'central west slopes the same short, the north coast one-tenth, and south tableland one-twelfth short, I said thai some of thorn might reasonably expect early relief. Every one of these had magnificent rains, and finished up the year 1909 with great increases. . And since then greater rains -have fallen, even to scvore floods, in several parts, and waterspouts have been seen on the ocean. The important question to now con sider is: What is probable after tho fearful downpours ' in Europe, on the ocean, and in some parts of Australia? The long dry spells since March 12 last, when 114 points fell, and only 4' points on April 18, and 11 on April 24, together with severe frosts, and good threatenings, but all going away, and other bad signs, one is reluctantly j compelled to feel that some 'mysteri- I ous influence' is at work interfering I with the 19 years' cycle, and that pos- . I sibly Mr. Clement W!ragge's drought .1 has commenced. ? ? j The passing of the stars Venus and Jupiter brought nice rains. The Au rora Australis brought lovely rains. The solar eclipse apparently did noth ing. It is Halley's Comet that we now look to as the cause of the trou ble. The last great comet ? that we remember was- that of 1SS1. The year 1880 was a drought, -and that continued until 1S86; and. thousands of live stock died in this 'State and ? Queens land. Creeks dried up about Bathurst and Orange that vyere' never known dry before. It has been said that it is '74 years since Halley's Comet ' ap peared until now. That takes us bacl: to 1S36 (it appeared in 1835)- As * boy I well remember my late grandfa ther ofton speak of the fearful drought of 1S39. It was long and bad, and, as we usually speak of them from tho close, it is most likely to have started about 1S35. As severe droughts followed the ap pearance of tho comets in 1S35 and 1SS1, we fear it may be a dry time dur ing the next two or three years, not withstanding the fact that the S^ southern anti-cyclonic belt is in tno rainy season. We have had the as urance of Mr. Wragge that the drought will not be so severe as the last; hence wo .can rest assured that the country ill survive.it.  [?] Cobiir has -luciucd on Saturday as the shopping- holiday. At Forest Keels on Friday last two dogs were slung to death by bees. ) Some horses knocked over a couple of beehives in a yard near- where the* two dogs were chained up, and the bees attacked tht dogs,, with 'the re sult stated. v i: : '?'?? i At Guyra show last week an inno-: vation was introduced in the shape of a' charge for motor ,1# car,; stands around the .show ring.; The, receipts Jrom this source totalled, £10/ ; The Glen Inncs society . is ; giving the idea a trial, '?'.., ; ''.'. Forbes' Municipal Council' intends installing two , of the new ; stylo bub-. bling drinking fountains in populous parts of the town. '?' ' ? ' \ ' At last week's meeting of the Wel lington Troting Club 'committee, the chairman . read the following letter from the treasurer (Mr. S. Marsden) 1, 'Owing to the manner in. which I was ? insulted by the president lit the meet ing . held on Saturday,' oth inst., 1 hereby resign my position as treasur er of the Wellington Trotting Club. When I was insulted for doing what, in my opinion, was for the welfare of the club, I have no other course but to resign.' ',,?, .- j ?.':.'? \\ ; , ? 1 ? The -chairman said that the only 'way in which he knew ;tho- treasurer to'be insulted was this:. ; Me moved a motion, and was defeated on it, and then left the room, and he (the, pre; sident)- said he was no sport. '1 here were many members 'lucre, who were at the meeting, and who could bear out his statement that he in no way insulted the treasure'?.' ?' i A Cowra hotel' put the price of drinks up to cjd one day last week, and dropped back to Od the following day. '' . ' No. 1 booth for the Easier race meeting at Cowra brought £65. The population of Sydney is now 777,000. The 25 recruits 'secured at the Ar midale show appeals,' last week, con: smute a record for the .State, as far as country carnivals are 'Concerned, j. The Hull's Eye man in wondering; what the result will be in Uathurst. ; Bishop ? Kudford, in criticising the; gala held in Goulburn in aid of. the Lord Mayor's Fund, deplored the necessity for 'turning the city into a scene of mad frolic .to obtain a paltry .,' /Moo.1! '.'. ??'? ';',' ?!;!. ,. '- ' -.?; y . vvA; strike;:occurred: at ..'/.the St. Fat-i l-ick-!s;,;Ptay/Bp'6r^nt.:/lS\fesyiUc.V..ili^ lj6ol{makersr-deman3-i'd-af!reU.ucUdn.'-,9g:-;'.-f fees and- refused to ; bet .unless ; .this: '.-?? was' made. The request was refused,, and the bookmakers would not field. As soon as this became known, the entrants in the pedestrian events, re- . fused to run. H looked for some ttme. as if these events would have to be abandoned,' but the committee, after * an hour's delay, granted the 'request, and the sports were commenced. in lining three landholders at the ? Guyra police court recently .6.3/3/ and costs, lor not destroying rabbit har bors, the P.M. remarked that H was necessary to make lhe.';pehally.:,hcnvy, otherwise people would rather pay the line than go to the expense of extcr- - minating the rabbits. The full contributions to the Sixth War Loan from Armidalc to date arc ,£30,600. : ?.-???? , These figures are worth taking . notice of. . At Onehunfia, a suburb of Auck land (N.Z.), a lion recently escaped from the zoo, and headed for a pad dock where a cow was busy turning clover into milk. Presently the gentle creature looked up,1 and its jaw drop ped at sight of the apparition. Then with a snort she charged with tail skyward, and when the zoo ' party presently arrived they' found the escaped lying in a heap in the pad dock hedge, looking as if he wished he'd n.ever been born. — N.Z; paper. At the evening service at St. John's Presbyterian Church, Ballarat, last Sunday, the Rev. . 11. Shall berg made a plea for the introduction of more music into the chtirch service.: Har mony, he said, was to be heard every-,1 where — man, beast, and bird render ing praise to the Creator, and it might wel| enter more largely into ? the service. There was too much preaching. Not many, people c-— Id digest two sermons' on one day. A good many could not digest one, so that the, second sermon meant wasted bnergy. . ? .- ??- / ; Mr. Clcmcntc Wragge makes (says the Auckland 'Weekly' News') , the following remarks on the' weather: 'Another upheaval ? in the sun, about 12,000'milcs in diameter, isapproach-1: ing'the centre or solar disc. .^Toxthese abnormal conditions is certainly! at- : tributable the Chinese earlhqunkc^and also eartli tremors, in New Zealand, - and the South African floods. Winds on an awful scale, with gigantic, ton gues of hydoigen, flame around these solar storms in exattly the same, man iier as do the winds around the puny ' ' cyclones of earth, northern andsouth ern hemispheres respectively; arid it must ever be remembered that the earth and the sun are inseparably linked together by the allpervading wireless etheric waves. Such affect not only our atmosphere, but also in dustrial affairs and the vagaries of . Human nature at this critical time.1' j Poor old Clem- is always pessimis tic about the weather, but somehow his dreadful forecasts generally .' fail to materialise. . ' ,;.''!''?  OUR WEATHER 8ETTLED TILL 1030. MR. WRAGGE AND THE SUNSPOTS. In these days, when thoso once ?honored- prophets -of.; the weather — the corns and gouty limbs of our elders — have given place to scientific forecast, the farming community hangs with bat ed breath upon the utterances of the experts. The Auckland ' Star,' copies of . which arrived by the s.s. Rivcrina, in terviewed . Mr. Clement Wraggc, F.R.G.S.— the , one-time Queensland Government Meteorologist, and the'' foreteller -of the .disastrous Australian droughts—at his 'home at' Birkenhead the other day. ' ' :. . . Mr. Wraggc willingly acquiesced when asked if he would venture .'a forecast. The celebrated weather pro phet lives in intimate communion with tho weather portents. An odd-looking barometer, was at his elbow in. his; queer, workshoplike study; shelves of meteorological tomes lined. the room. Outside was a boxlike structure which, to the uninitiated, might have been a meat-safe or a bird cage. It; was, in; fact, a miniature observatory, in which clockwork and electrical instruments ie_ gistercd tho vagaries' of the atmo sphere, or turned turtle, by an alarum arrangement, to tell the state of the temperature at- a given time o' nights. The meteoiologist fetched a huge telescope, , formidable as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting lays of the sun, and allowed a bright half crown of light from the lens— the pho tograph of the sun— to play on a white blotting1 pad. 'No sunspots and no lain just yet,' was his rueful verdict. ' I!vo been expecting one just lately. _ It should appear to-morrow or the next day on the edge of the sun, and when it works to the centre, conditions will be favor able to rain.' The prophet noxt gave the baiomctcr a professional rap, jotted down a fig ure, and dubiously said 'Umph.' Pro ducing a chart of the Australasian re- - gions, he went outside to test the di rection of the wind and to find the lay of the low atmospheric* pressure region, and thon commence to rapidly draw wavy '..'isobars' on the chart. \Mr. Wraggc has 'computed forecasts for the seasons of Australia up till 'Q3°v and these, he says, are applic able to New Zealand, with slight 'modi fications, owing to . physical and geographical reasons. During 1914 and part of 1915.' «e says, the rain fall, taking Australasia as a whole, will be under tho average. This by no means implies that there will be - no rain. On the contrary, good interven ing rains will occur, and the last part of this period will be better than, the first. From the middle .of 191 5 on wards, the rainfall will markedly in creaso, and from 1916 to 1920, inclu sive, ,the. seasons will .be ,-distinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will bogirl to steadily fall off,- and the. worst part of the next groat ' under-average' pe riod will be 1923 and- 1924. .Austral ians will be justified in -calling that_ a drought. In 1925, mattors will begin to improve, .and good seasons will pre vail from 192G to 1930. These ' forecasts, explained' - Mr. Wragge, arc mainly based on the phy sical condition of the sun with respect to its maxima and minima moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we are ncaring the end of the solar minimum — or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we on earth had no conception, were least violent. The maximum period would com mence at the end of 191 5, and until then, although he did not expect the seasons to be so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must not be anticipat ed. Intervening rains in New Zea land should give a heavier fall than in Australia* In the droughts he pre dicted, New Zealand would not suffer to tho same extent as Australia, owing to its climate being insular, whereas that of the latter was continental.  THREE DAYS' WARNINC. . PERTH, Wednesday. In connection with .they loss of the Koombaria, Mr. Clement1 Wragge has written to a Perth paper to the effect that if a central weather bureau had been in existence in Brisbane, three days' warning at least would have been given of the recent cyclone which caused the disaster.  A PROPHET'S PREDICTIONS. HEAT WAVES, CYCLONES, AND , 'QUAKES. Australasia is in for a bad time. Past 'disasters will pale into the insig ninficante if the predictions of 'latest prophet — or even a minimum of them — come to pass. And there is always a!' chance that one may strike it right, and ?establish a reputation for accurate fore sight, Many weather prophets have arisen in Australia of late years, but they have been content to stop at predicting- for a year ahead. To Barmedman; however, belongs the honor of producing a pro phet who has eclipsed the predictions of all the names known to Australia. Egeson, Russell, Wragge, Hunt, and the man from Moree are not now in it. ' The new man is silent as to his sys tem. It may be as simple and as con vincing as aching corns in the act of foretelling rain. 'But whatever' it is, neither time nor distance 'checks its ef 'ticacy. Isobaric pressure, high- level stations, kites, barometric ? observa tions, and the like, which are believed to figure largely in the elaboration of the forecast of a day or so, have been overshadowed. Even Zadkiel, Old Moore, and the other great predicters, have contented themselves with hazarding the doings of a day, but the Baremdman prophet's predictions are enough to make the boldest of Australia's citizens shiver in 3iis shoes. Neither Mr. McGowen nor Mr. Wade, nor the Egyptian plagues, could' promise greater disasters than Mr. H. Walsh, of Barmedman, who vrites under date, May 2, as follows : — 'During the first part of 1913 there will be 'great heat waves, causing many 'deaths, cyclonic disturbances, causing towns and shipping to be seriously af fected, and devastating floods causing great loss of life and property. 'Droughty conditions will rule more or less- until 1918. ' Then there will be n return to a succession of good' sea sons. There will be an earthquake in New «Zaland in the year 1912; and an earthquake in Australia before 1917; and, owing to the great depression that is about to affect this country, free or {assisted immigration to Australia will tease in 19T3. The great drought of cgia will continue until the end of this yeaT.— r'(Signed') H. Walsh, the Barmed man Weather Prop-nek' ?Careful investigation has shown that lilic Englisjj measure, the rod, pole, or perch, -.owes its origin to the pole or Sgoad which was u£d«i to direct oxen. 