 QUEENSLAND WEATHER. \ Whatever mny be said of the prophecies p[ Mr. Clement Wragge as to seasonal fore casts,, there, remains considerable doubt as to whether tho splendid seasons the coun try has enjoyed for a number of years, past nro not about to give place to a period of dryness (says the Brisbane correspondent art.hu 'Australasian.') On a provlous 'occa sion. Ihnvo mentioned the spell of dry wea ther In tho pastoral districts, and more' ro csntly the 'unexpected rnlns, which ? 'have suddenly relieved the sheop and cattlo own ers of present anxiety. But the rest of the State has not enjoyed the same relief;. Iso lated showers from ? thunderstorms have been oxpprienced, but. those who know this State will have seen that so far there has been nothing: In the nature of a true wet season. The last l.lmo 1 referred to the mat ter. 1 said- that early monsoons might do ?something for the' sugar areas. Thora has 'ooen nothing of this so far. The wet. 'sea- son should. commence' not. later than, the sec ond week In January. Tho be&lnnlng of February should see .heavy floods; while '1*1 e season Bhould begin to change by the middle of 'March. It, ,1s true some rain Cull has been reported, but. on the whole the coastal' districts havo received points where they should havo had Inches or rain. Under these circumstances the outlook alone; tho coast Is most gloomy, and, though pi;'oplio-, sylng Is always a dangerous thing1, appoar nnces Indicate that .tho sugar crop o'f lho/ curront year will bo ono of tho lowest Blnco' 1002, and loavo a shortage, to bo mado up by 'imyiortaUons, of porno hundred thousand tons'. Moro rain' has fallen In tho southern nnd south-wostorn dairying diRtrlcts, but even thoro the .amount, Is by no moans suill cloni. i Wo havo reached tho middle of Fob'-' ruary, and neither flood nor cyclone, nor any of tho ovldoncos of a vigorous wot sonson linvo shown themselves). Floods and cyclones usually Indicate damage but tho nature of tropical nnd Homl-troptenl country Is rmch thai, tho duniugo dono by theso visitations In less than that, dono by l.holr nbuoncu.  TOPICS OF THE DAY. I I MR. CLEMEN.T WRAGGE'S DISCOVERY. In the fur north of Auckland Province (says the JST.Z. correspondent of thti 'Aus- tralasian') Mi'. Cleuieiit Wragge, the well known astronomer Und meteorologist, has discovered, so he says, the remains of an ancient city or temple, probauly dating ljuck to the time of sun-worship. The huge blocks of stone constituting these remains lie apparently in heavy bush. He modestly puts thoir age at 500,000 years, but he adimiits they miuy be a great deal older ! He has also expressed the opinion that they are connected with Leinuria. the con tinent thut once existed in tho Western Pacific ,; and ho ha« therefore provisionally clu'istened the site Lemurion. Sonne are marked With cups or scooped-out holes, bearing 'evidently written records of great antiquity,' and altogether Mr. Wragge is satisfied thut they date back to th-j timo when prehistbric man lirst migrated from tho Northern to tlio Soutliern Hiemisubere. It is to be feared that Mr. Wraggo is not taken quite se'rtously. When lie firsti came over here he used to indulge in a good deal cf weather prediction, and a prophet of that sort is seldom accorded great hon our in his own country. Mr. .Wragge's ha bit of giving the storms that he predicted the names of miem.bers of the Ministry ex cited Tude mirth, t especially when mariners1 were warned to beware of 'Buddo' in the Tamnan Sea, or when the country was threatened with tho cyclone 'Ward.' So that air. WYaggei's wonderful discovery in the fustness of tho North — be has declined to specify the exact locality — has been re ceived with nuoro or lass respectful doubt. Professor Macmillan Brown, of Cliristchurch. who has studied the anthropological pro loins o'J' Polynesia is inclined to accept the probability of tho find being genuine, cft p'oc-ially in view of the undoubtedly au thentic megnlithic. remains elsewhere in this part) of ilto world, nnd, the existciK'-ej of something like Dru'idical circles in other parts of .New. Zealand. Other scientists, such as tho lute surveyor-general. Mr. Percy Smith, an equally keen student of tluy past, suggests that Mr. Wragge - has found a number of natural basaltic columns such as were known to lie in the locality of the alleged 'temple.' Tho marking on them, which Mr. Wragge declares to be of hu,m'an origin, Mr. Smith thinks1 are pro-- ^bah'I.v the natural hollows and marks found in that particular formation. More will, no doubt,' be heard of the matter, for if the re mains are genuinely megnlithic. thev would be of great scientifio interest and value. ? 