 A Prophet's Predictions. HEAT WAVES, CYCLONES, AND ?QUAKES. Australasia is in for a bad time. Past disasters will pale into insig nificance if the predictions of the lat est prophet — or even a minimum of them — come to pass. And there is always a chance- that one may strike it right, and establish a reputation for accurate foresight. Many weather prophets have arisen in Australia of late' years, but they have been content to stop at. pre dicting for a year ahead. To Bar medman, however, belongs the honor of producing a prophet who has eclipsed the predictions of all the names known to Australia, Egsson, Russell, Wragge, Hunt, and the man from Moree are not now in it. The new man is silent as to liis system. It may be as simple and as convincing as aching tsorns in the act of foretelling rain. But what ever it is, neithei time nor distance chscks its efficacy. Isobaric pres sure, high level stations, kites, baro metric observations, and the like, which are believed to figure largely in the elaboration of tho forecast of a day or so, have been overshadowed. Even Zadkiel, Old Moore, aud the other great predicters, have con tented themselves with hazarding the doings of a day, but the Barmedman prophet's predictions are enough to make the boldest of Australia's citi zens shiver in their shoes. Neither Mr. McGowen nor Mr. Wade, iwr the Egyptian plagues, could promise greater disasters than Mr. H. Walsh, of Barmedman, who writes under date, May 2, as follows : — ' During tho first part of 1913 there will be great heat waves, caus ing many deaths, cyolonic disturb ances, causing towns and shipping to be seriously affected, and devastating floods, causing great loss of life and property. 'Droughty conditions will rule more or less until 1918. Then there will .be a return to a succession of good seasons. Thero will bo nn earthquake in New Zealand this year ; and an earthquake in Australia be- , fore 1917 ; and* owing to the great depression that is about to affect this country, free or assisted immigration to Australia will coaso in 1913 — ^ (Signed) H. Walsh, the Barmodman Weather Prophot.'  LATEST TELEGRAMS : SYDNEY. Wednesday. Mr. Clement Wragge, writing to the press stated that if the Weather Bureau at Brisbane* was still going, at an annual cost of £1500, the re cent cyclone would have been fore shadowed three days before. Owing- to the manager's refusal ? - to redress some alleged grievances, ? ~ the Abermain and Stockton Boreholo collieries were idle yesterday. The Aberdare and Aberdare Extended collieries granted the men's demands ? ? for the abolition nf fhn nffnmnnn olnff . .. and 400 men liave received 14 d*ys' notice to quit. A masked'- armed burglar ontored the residence ot Dr. Scot Skirving, at Darlinghurst, . last night', and - sue- ? ceeded in securing a quantity of jewellory and other articles. The burglar subsequently erflered an ad joining- house and secured jewelleiy valued at £50. The steamer Norseman arrived yesterday with nine hundred British immigrants for Now South Wales. 1 The Scott exploring expedition re turned to New Zealand on Monday from the South Polar regions. The Lord Mayor makes an appeal to the public for. help for the starving gomen and children in Great Britain. ' , e wishes to send tho Agent-Generat' at least £1000 every.:, two days through the Easter holidays. Mr. Fisher leaves Melbourne on the 9th inst., on a tour of the various States. After conferring with Mr. M'Gowen, Mr. Fisher' goes on* to - Queensland to help in the State elec tions. It is believed that the. Lithgow strike will be over in a day or two. At a meeting yesterday, a show of hands gave 99 in favor of a settle ment, and 75 against. The Postmaster-General' has selec ted a design for the Commonwealth ' postage stamp. It is Australian in design and said to be simple, yet expressive. . . Tbe City Council's by-law with reference to wearing unguarde hat pins is to be enforced by i^jOrial inspectors, who have been ad to keep a look out for off en®-.. an$ to take proceedings. At Sydney show, in 'the district exhibits competition, the South Coast and Tablelands scored 769 x points ; the_ Northern Rivers 575 ; the . Western districts ?' 551 ; New England 531'; and Inverell 516. . SYDNEY, Thursday. At the Rushcntter's Bay stadiulii last night, Clabby outclassed Meeghati ' on points in a 20 round contest.'.^ The Minister, for Works states that his department has been ham pered at every turn by the shortage of skilled labor. ^ Wreckage has been found near Port Hedland arid positively identi fied as having belonged to the steamar Koombana. ^ ? The total attendance at the 'Royal Show yesterday was 19,000. Justice Higgins, in a customs case, which was brought in the High Court, fined the defendant, Warren Lewis, £1211, or six times the value' of the foods imported. It is expected that a section of the /. ' North Coast railway, from Taree to Gloucester, will be completed by the end of the year. ? It is decided to remit all 'fines im posed on cadets for non-attendance at the parades aggregate. At a meeting at Lithgow it was ' resolved by a large majority to accept the agreement for resumption work. The Victorian State mine closed down owing to the abolition -df a second shift and the dismissal of about 350 men. -? -j The latest .fignres- -pf the British strike ballot show a steadily. ) in- creasing majority' against resumption of -work. King George, Queen Mary and Quean Alexandria each donated a thousand guineas to the relief of the distressed. 