 FROM CLEMENTT WRAGGE. Birkenhead, Auckland, N.Z. 'The Editor, Stock and station Journal, ! Sydney. Sir, — A paragraph has appeared in a ! Melbourne paper which stated that Sen ator AJaughan had requested in tue Sen ate that a more efficient system of weather-warning stations should be es tablished in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland. Coast, and that the Com- I tuoiiwealth Meteorologist has Intimated ! that the Brisbane Meteorological obser Vitory is not up to dAte. ? ; fid'or 10 years 1 ; was- .head ? '.of the ', Queensland Meteorological Service and 1 during that time 1 established, as Mr. i Itobert Philip, a former Premier , freely admitted 'A meteorological ; and weather- warn lug .sy.-.ceni second to none in the world.' I Had everything tirst class wn*-n 1 left Queensland m lbO.'J, and as everyone knows 1 used to issue weather forecasts lor every part of Australasia which were verified to '.to per cent in accuracy. Mr. Hunt has done me a cruel wrong, and I can only look to an Im partial and just Press for some measure of redress. The Commonwealth Me teorologist talks of installing new in struments specially suited to the North ern climate. Allow me to say that 1 personally fixed in position In Queens land the very best standard instru ments in all parts of the country, in cluding Cape York. Peninsula, and the far west. St'.ch instruments arc avail able all the world over, and the soon er that the Minister In charge and Senators generally realise this, and ask a few pertinent questions in the House the belter it will hj for the general j public and shipping. My vote was only (l.'iiM a year, and the amount now granted to the weather Bureau exceeds, I understand, t-'J.uUJ annually. Great goodness, what do : they do with the money, what have they done with it'.' The 'Kooinbana ' went down and so did the 'Yongala.' and not a word of warning appeals to have been Issued by the federal Meteorolo gist, who just lately has been conduct- j lug a series of grotesque experiments ? In Melbourne, showing how the last ; named steamer must ha\e foundered, j That Is great consolation truly lo widows, and orphaned children I If (lie Queensland Weather IJureau had been , operating under my regime most ample warning would have been given. In existing circumstances a special Weather Bureau ought to be established at (.'alms or Townsville before the hur ricane months entirely Independent of the federal control, and the sooner this ib done the better. The whole matter is in the hands of the public, and so 1 leave It. | Let Justice be done though the hea- i vens full, Yours, ftc., - CLEMENTT WKAGGE, l'.li.H.S., i'.K. Met. Sve.. etc. I.ate Goverunieut Meteorologist of Queensland, Formerly of Ben Nevis Observatory, Scotland. J0/t»/'l3. 