 STATEMENT BY MU. WRAGGE. In connection with the loss of tho Koombanu, Mr. Clepiont Wraggo hns ?written to a Perth ' newspaper to tho I effect that if a Central Wcnthor Bureau in Brisbane had been in existence, throe days'warning ut least would hnvo hoon given of tho recent cyclone which caus- ed the disaster.  THE FOLLOWING APPEARED IN Yesterday's g DESTRUCTIVE CALES. WRAGGES WEATHER IN AMERICA - [Router'* Menage,] . Now York, Sunday. Jin several portions of tho United States during tho past two days very ?overe weather has been experienced, entailing loss Df life and sonous dam- age to property. Yesterday a , great storm, accompanied by blizzards and . an exceptionally low temperature, raged over tho Rockies and the country; bor- dering Pennsylvania. It is known that nt least SO persons perished ' in this port of tho country, while over 200 were injured. ? ,. Cyclones are reported . from- the states of Louisiana and Arkansas. ' in which the villages of Lower Peach Treo. 'Saline, and Hoxio were wrecked. Twenty residents were killed in these places, and almost ©very building was raced to tho ground. Whom sections of tho statt» of Tennessee wero devas- tated, and tann houses Buffered especi- ally. At Thomasville, in Alabama, nine negroes wero killed. Trains, telephone, and telegraph ser- vices were paralysed in all directions. - The storm was also felt in Canada, and Winnipeg has been completely cut off from tho outer world, not only by tele- graph and telephone, but by rail ns «ol!. -  THE APPROACHING RAINSTORM. Meru inteiost «¡ll !>«. talion in**the > in.storiii which tho I'ntniiinnwoulth Meteorologist >ays is approaching from tho westward. Apart from tho general rfiwro prevailing in Aio-tralia for tho break up ol tho dry s|x'll, which i.s now creating so lunch anxiety, tho piedic tion is intonating because it is an nt l Mupt to forecast loi a longer period ahead than is usually undertaken, lt i. moi about n ».*'k since Mr. Munt a 111111 n li i «'ii that there nasa disturbance coining from the west wlreh would give general rain» over a largo portion ol' Au-trali i. lt seems that tho de- pression, II Ireh is expected to produce tho iain, was evoi Wost Australia yes- terday on its ».iv eastwards, but on account ol' what ls known as an anti .vclone booie nie: lb. east const of Anstralin its progress was delayed and th" iain was not oNpsvtod tintl tho anti-cyclone mme* away. In tho nie Ul- timi' ram i.s h.ullv ne&lt;*ded in many of the iiil.iud districts. Not many dil vs ago Mr Wniggl* predicted a long drv si4.||. Ho bases bis foris'nst on eutirelv di lieront data to that IISIKI l.v the offi eial inotisiri.lngist.. ami his fons,ist extends over several veals. If there is ,i isininiis general downpour ol rain m Mr. Hunt's predicted storm it will rather shake confidence in Mr. Wrngce's drought. The two forecasts are. however, not directly opposed to each other. Mr Wragges prediction is that, there will lie a general shortage in the rainfall in Australia this year. There might, of ooursn, be a hoavv fall tliis month, or in any ono month, anti still ho a substantial shortage in tile total for the year. Mr. Hunt's for^ä-, oast does not discuss that iihaae of the subject. He predicts good general rains in South Australia, Victoria;.'and New South Wales this week, and tho end of the week is now cloie at hand. The effect of a heavy fall ol' rain now would be to postpone Mr. Wi'iiggo's drought until after the winter. , 