 UUR WEATHER. SETTLED TILL 1930. DliV AND WET SliASONH. Mil WltAGC.K AND T1IK SUNSJ'OTS. In these days, when those; unco j honored prophets of the weather- I tin! corns mid gouty limbs of our elders-have given placc to ycionIi0o forecast, the funning community hangs j with billed breath upon the iiueranee of tlie experts. Tho Auckland (K.Z ) " Star" inter viewed Mr Clement, Wrasige, F.R.U.S. -the one-time Queensland Govern ment Meteorologist, una the foreteller of the disastrous Australian droughts -at his home at Birkenhead the other day. Mr Wraggo willingly acquiesced when iisked if he could venture a forecast. The celebrated weather prophet lives in intimate communion with the weather portents. An odd loo lei ti l; barometer wag at his elbow in his queer, workshop-like study ; !? helves of meteorological tomes liued the room. Outsido was a boxlike structure which, to the uninitiated, might have been n meat safe or u bird cage. It was, in fact, a miniature observatory, in which clock-work and electrical r«n*ii»1iif«ul th)» (it the1 atmosphere, or turned turtle, by mi alarum arrangement, to tell the stato of the temperature at a given time o' night. The Elusive Sunsput. Til') meteorologist fetched a huge telescope, formidable as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting rays of the sun, anil allowed a bright half crown of light from the lens-the pliptograph of the sun-to play on a white blotting pad. " No- sunspots and no ruin just yet," whs the rmful verdict. "I've been expecting one just latoly. It should appear shortly on the edge of the sun, and when it works to the centre conditions will be favorable to rain." The prophet next pave tho birome ter a professional nip, jotted down a figure, and dubiously said "L:mph." Producing a chart of the Australasian regious, lie. went outside to test the direction of tho wind and to ti ml the lay of tho low atmospheric pressure region, and then commence to rapidly draw wavy " isolmrs" on the chart. Looking Ahead. Mr Wragge lias computed forecasts for the seasons of Australia up till 1030, and tlii-se, he s iys, are applicable tn Now Zealand, with slight modern tions, owing to tho physical mid geographical reasons- Dining I'M 1 and part, of lit 15, hi; says, the rainfill, taking Australasia as a whole, will be under tho average. This by no means implies that there will lie no rain. On the contrary, good intervening niius will occur, unci the 1 ;ibt. part ot' lhis period will be belter than the firsl. From the middle of l'Jlo on | wii'dy, the rainfall will markedly increase, and from l'JIO to l'.'l'O, inclusive, tli" seasons will In* distinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to s'eadily full oil', and the worst part of the next, ureat. " under rivfir^niV period will be 11)^1} and ll'--l. Australians will lie justified in oiling that a drought. In l'.)'J5, matters will begin in improve, and good seasons wi I prevail from ll)li(i to 11UIO. These forecasts, explained Mr Wragge, are mainly based on the physical conditions of the sun with respect of its maxima and minima moods, moving in cyehs of eleven years. Just now we are neuring lite end of the solar minimum-or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we on earth have do conception, were least violent. The maximum period would com mence at the end of l'J15, and until tlien, although he did nol expect the 1 seasons to he so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must not he anticipa ted. Intervening rains in New Zea land should give a heavier fall than in Australia. In the droughts ho predicted, New Zealand would not suffer to the same extent sis Australia, owiti^ to its climate !u'in&lt;» insular, whertMS thai nf tin- liUff was cun tincjjiil. 