 f PROM VARIOUS SOURCES Kunnlng a country uowspnper Is not all sunshine. A rural editor givos tlio following hint:—"Tlio fellow who can play billiards, Bmoko cigars, have slx ponny drinks, shout for others, trip it to Sydney, to to the racos, etc., should not ovorlook the tact that lie owes us a couple of quid." "D'ycr seo that there old covo corn in' outor Jonos' pub?" remarked the way-back log-puller to a new arrival. "Well, 'e's the champeun boozor ov this locality. He's boon drunk fur a quarter ov a century, an' If 'a ,woa tor wake up some mornln' an' (lud 'ImBelf sober I do believe the shock would kill 'Ira Twelve months ago 'o wos bitten by n tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too." •Did the man die!" the now chum asked. "No," replied tho bushman, "hut tho snake got bllud paralytic drunk." Beauty Is only skin deep, but curves is curvos. "The Secret of Smart Dress," runs a headline lu a contemporary. Somo of the costumes wo have seen recently had nothing secret about tliem at nil. "Johanna" tolls this one in tho "Bul letin"—An exalted military gentleman iu Melbourne found himself besot by an untidy young woman of about 26 in a suburban street tho other morn ing. "Yon'ro , ain't you? Well, Hill can't ,50 to tho war." "My good womru, I " "I toll yell straight. Bill can't go to tho war, an' 'o won't, so there. Bill's engaged t' mo; then he goes and enlists t' fight tho Ger mans. Well, he wou't go, see. He's j said he'll marry mo, 'n' ho ain't goln' j t' get off bo easy. 1 givo you my word." Can't you picture Bill In aI snow-fllied trench, with a bullet in his neck, getting oft easy? All men are born free and equal, hut tho majority of them marry later on. | Of troubles connubial. Jars and di vorce, This, wo believe. Is tho fruttfullest source; A man falls In love with a dlmplo or curl, Then foolishly marries the entire girl. There was a man in our town And he was wondrous small. Ho bought a big barometer And put it In the hall. And when the mercury went down Because of wind and rain. He climbed on the umbrella stand And shoved it up again. If everybody on earth spoke the truth and nothing but the truth for , twenty-four hours, we should find our selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution the world has . ever known. I>ast week (writes "Gossip," of the , "Stock and Station Journal") I had | two schoolboys staying with me, who ' were on their way from Bedale's School, In Petersfield, Hants, to Scot land. I took them to all the things we had time for, Including the "White City," and the play of "Grumpy," at the New Theatre. They had the time of their lives. We visited the Tower | of London, and they saw the "Traitor's .Gate," the site of the scaffold where people used to be shortened, the idle soldiers, the ancient "Beefeaters," and all the armor and the guns and swords and crossbows, and weapons, of mur der. They were greatly interested, and when we came out I said, "Now, boys, what interested you most about the Tower? What is the strongest Im pression that you bring away from the old place?" The bigger and older of the two (nearly 15) said:—"Well, my strongest impression, after seeing all the armor and the weapons of war Is that the people of those times were fools." Before I bad time to express my views, the younger one said. "Well, we're bigger fools now," "Amen," said I to that, and then we talked! "Northerner" writes:—Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain whlclr promises that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn'-t profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 Inches In one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsvllle which doesn't get Its ten Inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact .remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeatB it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean antl-&lt; cyclones which spell rain for the south o£ the continent. The penrl (lsliors at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to tlio (street that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid ono we have a*\vet ono. Wo can do with It. j  SAYINGS OF TO-DAY AND YESTERDAY. I Circumstances alter kisses.—Caro lyn Wells. Many are men of probity—until you begin to pvobe.—J. Whitman. The man who can't remember when he was a fool is one yet.—Strickland Gillian. About the only way a wornau can keep a secret is to keep it going.— Nathan Levey. Woman: A being to run away from, or with—as the case may be.—Elbert Hubbard. Young men, 1 have to advise you to try to be good rather than great. You'll have less competition.—T. Lawson. The wages of sin is exposure.—Es telle Klauder. A high old time lays many a man low.—Cole Blease. On the door of success is "push," in brass.—Upton Sinclair. Lots of people will take everything for granted, except a hint.—Green wood Lake. 'TiB better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all, but It Isn't so cheap.—Sam Stimson. The trouble with the average mar ried man is that he doesn't know what a jewel his wife is till he comes to put liov In a oaBkot.—General Sickles. "Northerner" writes:—Anent the drought, the recent lieat spell, and the prospects ot the rain which promises and never comes, it is curious to note that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken oil before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but It has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to the' extent o£ 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsvllle which doesn't get its ten Inches or so of rain a week considers itself in tho throes of a fearful drought, tho fact remains that tho monsoons are early this sonson, and if history repeats It solf we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti cyclones whioh spell rain for the south of tha continent. Tho pearl-1 fishers at Thursday Islaqd and Darwin bave a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it. It isn't so much that a woman wouldn't, but she hates to think that you think she would. 