 &lt;"A VOYAGE THROUGH THE UNIVERSE" LECTURE BY MR CLEMENT L. WRAGGE. A DELIGHTED AUDIENCE. Although there were several counter attractions last night a very7 fair audi ence assembled in the Mechanics' Hall to hear the famous astronomer and traveller, Mr Clement Wragge, lArture on the above subject . The lecture was one oi absorbing interest, and those who held the opinion that lectures are dull were forced to admit that- last night was an exception to the rule. Mr V> ragge is a rapid speaker, intensely7 earnest, with fretqiuent flashes of happy wit, and the wealth of inter esting information be supplied was illustrated by many7 beautiful lantern views. Unlike most scientific lectures, everyone knew, and clearly under stood, what Mr W ragge was speaking about, and it is safe to say that a lec ture of such interest was never given in Castlemaine, before, and when his remarks closed, everyone was sorrv, ao a further period of that kind oi treat and education would have been heart ily enjoyed. Tha lecturer opened by remarking that an experienced scientist could not be an atheist. He was ioreed to re cognise the Divine hand in the archi tecture of the universe. After explai ning the elementary7 principles of the solar system, he went on to say that science and relig'ion could work ham in hand. The best church in which to worship was an observatory, and no one could worship- there without exclaiming "0 Lord, how7 wonderful are Thv Works !" "If I v.-ere a par son," said Mr Wragge, "I'm afraid I would be very unorthodox. I would hate an astronomical observatory at tached to my church, and into' it I would take my congregation. and show7 them the wonders of the Most High. I would give them food1 for mind instead ot bothering about Lot's wife and all that sort of thinlg. .(Lau ghter. ) Astronomy makes people think as they never thought before." il'roibc ting/sundry photographs of the heavens on the screen, Mr Wragtgo ope ned people's eyes as to the immtensity of the universe ami the countless nurn- beis of its stars suns in evew shapo of development and decay. Inc idea t a(l 1 v , he mentioned there was no such thing as death what they7 knew7 as death was only n change. If one singly elee-> tron were destroyed, the whole balance of the universe would be upset. By the aid of graphic pictures he contrasted i the insignificance of the earth as com- | pared with other bodies, in the univer se 'And yet _ rteople put on side," he said, and think that the'7 'are ftlie huib of the universe." (Laughter.). I Referring to the Southern Cross, Mr Wragge said that the lower or brighter of the two pointers was the nearest to the sun, and the nearest to the earth after their own sun yet if a railway were- run to that pointer known as Al pha, and if the fare there w7ere one penny per 100 m'iles, the through tick et- would cost 9U0 million pounds, and an express running there at the rate of 60 miles an hour w7ould take 41 millions of years to reach the termi nus. He showed1 how the sun was thrown off from a mass of nebula billi ons of years ago, and the earth was in turn cast off from the sun 9j00 million y7ears ago. The researches of science showed that the human race on this planet elated back 600,000 years. This was shown by evidence collected from the rocks, the greatest of all ancient historians. In regard1 to the sun he explained the nature of what are known as sunspots and their influence on the earth. These spots he pictured as ra ging cyclones, to the tremendous for ces of which the earth quickly respond ed, and which were responsible for ear thquakes,' volcanic eruptions,- tidali wav es, droughts, etc. It took only eight tremutes and a halt tor the influences of those vast forces to cover tha 93,000,000 miles to the earth, and it was known that all the recent great earthquakes had occurred at periods of groat activity in the sun. Some very fine photos of the solar eclipse were exhibited, the coronal and hydro gen flames being distinctly . shown to. the wonder and amazement of the au dience?. In presenting photo's, raphs oi the recent eclipse, Mr Wragge said an other eclipse would be '. visible at Tonga next year, and he advised one and all to avail themselves of the excursion that was being arranged, for the occa- sion. It would-be well worth while their spending their money7 in that way, for, after all, what was the use , of money7 if people did not enjoy7 it-. It was impossible to transfer it to their account with a Bank of Austral asia on the Astral plane. (Laughter.) Mr Wragge then passed on to the moon, describing its lifelessness, its awful cold and stillness. Touching upon eomets, he said there woe no 'dan ger of a . collision between a comet; and th® earth, because if such a thing did happen— a very7 remote possibility7— it would he the comet that would suffer. There was no risk of collision, hut there was no avoiding the earth's pas sage through the comet's tail. It had been reported that cy7anogen gas had been detected in the tail of Halley7's comet, and later on it ha-cIMieen stated that no traces of it could be found, so that in this respect- they7 hardly knew where they were. Cyanogen gas, he explained1, was highly7 poisonous, and if anybody felt its effects the only thing to do was to practically seal himself up in a house until the earth had got through the comet's tail, (Laughter.) He closed his lecture by a fanciful description oi a man who prayed to th© Almighty that he might see the universe, and was given his wish. At the conclusion of the lecture, Mi Wragge exhibited some radium, and gave a demonstration of its powers. He explained that radium throws off scintillations of light- which travel at the rate oi 15,000 miles a second. Hs explained how the) ether rays of radiuni were so valuable to medical science. It had been found possible with them to prolong insect life to two or threo weeks. This being so it was not- im possible when they had really7 discov ered the tine 'value of th© wonderful forces contained in radium . that they might become able to indefinitely pro long human life. Radium had caused cancer to yield to Its treatment in the i early stages of the disease, and it was hoped that the more severe forms of the disease would yet be cured by it, and that leprosy would be found to yield to it. Hd showed the pitch-blen de in which it was found, and humor ously remarked, there might be plenty7 of it about Castlemaine. li so, they might be fortunate to come across it, and as radium was worth. 30; 000 times its weight in pure gold, thd search would be worth the trouble if the tini est speck was discovered. He then exhibited the Spaint horoscope, thro ugh which a small particle 1 of radium could be seen, with the scintillations of light which it disseminated. He 'con1 eluded1 by7 showing the ether rays of radium passing through solid matter. To-night M:l- Wragge will lecture on "''The Majesty of Creation, the Roman ce of the Earth, and the Solar Sys tem." The lecture will be beautifully illustrated throughotit bv lantern slid es. Amongst these will be the latest photographs of Mars showing the can als taken last October. 