 THE Pmx!?is0tt PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1918. The Friends of Soldiers are reminded that their monthly meeting takes place at the Masonic hall. Rushworth, on Wednesday next, 6th February, at 3 p.m. A nasty accident happened to Mr I. Anderson, of Stanhope Road, Rush worth, on Tuesday afternoon last, though, fortunately, the injuries sustained were not as serious as they muht have been. Anderson was out shooting with a ging'e barrel shot gun, and had just fired at a hare, which he wounded. Hastily re loading the weapon, he ran after the hare, which was making; efforts to esctpe. A stick lying across the path tripped Anderson, who, in falllog, casb the gun from him. The charge exploded simul taneously with Anderson striking the ground, and the contents of the gun, coming in contact with the earth just noir his knee, apparently ricochetted, striking him on the knee-cip. An ugly wound WHS the result, but the sufferer was able to struggle home. Dr Utber was sent for, and he attended to the injury. An derson was lucky to escape the full force of the charge. Tr)?ioh might easily hare torn his leg off, Mr Bryan Oummlns, junr.. has been appointed by Messrs E. W. Hill & 0 >. as their representative in the Aveuel district If the Paris press is well informed the Allied armies will shortly be rendered Invisible,by means of a method of "ob literative coloration," invented by a French officer the year before the war broke out. At that time the color scheme was considered of 110 practical use as the military experts were agreed th.it rival armies would fight each other at such extreme distances that they would rarely see each other. Now that the trenches are separated by only a few yards the value of the invention has been recognised. Complaints have been mude to the State Rivers and Water Supply Oom mission of the manner in which irrespons ible individuals leave the gates leading to water frontages, &o., open, with the result that persous leasing these areas are continually hunting for their stock. If the practice continues the Commissioners iotond to take action, and will probably make the fishermen io these parts take out licence?, so as to bring them under control. Delinquents should heed the warning, and shut the gates. A terrible fate1 befel tha township of \lackay, situated on the Q leensland coast. It was visi'ed by a cyclone of unprecedented fury, accompanied by a deluge. Buildings were blown down by the score, and several lives were lost from this cause. An immense tidal wave was created by the cyclone and this was re sponsible for the loas of miny more liv.es. The tragedy extended to local shipping, and several steamers were lost. The rainfall can be treasured by the foot, and, judging by the bulged reports which are beginning to reach us, the con ditions there beggar descrip'ion. All manner of communication with the out side world was cut off, and it was day* after the catastrophe that the real facts were known throughout Australia. With out doubt this is the greatest storm which it has been the lot of an Australian town to experience. Albert Edward Budd, the returned soldier who was foand guilty of the charge of murdoring his foster sister at Port Melbourne on 19th October last, aud was sentenced to death, was executed at Melbourne gaol on Wednesday morning last. The oonderomed man walked with a firm step to the sciffold, and, whon -asked whether he had anything lo eay, replied " Good-bye everybody. I have nothing further to say," Death was in stantaneous. A orowd Gathered outside the gaol at the time of the execution, and a number of returned soldiers, who formed in line at attention, obeyed the order " Left turn," and saluted. Budd waB the 173rd person to be hanged in Victoria. It is the opinion of Mr James Patten, of Chicago, formerly known as th.! 41 Wheat King of America," that preaen' values of Australian wheat will be main tained until the conditions in Russia be come normal. He considers that the 1918-19 crops will be insufficient to supply the world's demands, and urges increased production wherever possible. These words, coming from so eminent an authority as Mr Pat.ten, should ba care fully considered by farmers, who were be ginning to reflect as to whether they should go in for wheat this yaar, or, on the other hand, adopt Mr Hagelthoru'p suggestion of stock-raising. After Mass on Sunday last the congre gation of St. Mary's R 0. Church, Mur chlson, assembled together for the pur pose of Baying a temporary good-bye to Miss Nora Cloney, who has recently b=*eri appointed to a position in connection with the Victorian Railways. For ninny years past Miss Cloney has been organist and Sunday School teacher and a very willing worker for the church, and the congress tion seized this opportunity as a fitting occasion on whioh to make her a Filial! presentation as a token of esteem and appreciation. Mr T. J. Ryan, who mad" thd presentation, referred to ihe good work Miss Cloney had performed for both bhe choir and the Sunday School, and also in connection with functions or ganised throughout the town and dis trict. She was a most enthusiastic and willing worker, and it gave him pleasure to present to her, on behalf of the con gregation , a dressing case, and an apo graph and birthday album (cuitably in scribed). Mrs Baynham and Mrs' Howie also spoke. DON'T DIET. Dr Sheldon's Digeativo Tabules digest what you eat, and allow you to eat all the good, wholesome food you want. If you are suffering from Indigestion, you will be surprised at the speedy relief thoy will give yoa. If your case is of long standing, it. will require a reasonable time to effect a re medy, for Nature cannot replace worn-nut tissues with now oneB by magic. But when, by the use of this preparation, the stoma"h is given absolute rest, and abundant nourishment and reconstructive materials furnished, reoovery is certain an4 psrman? ent. Frioe Is 6d and 2s 6d, Obtainable .vtrywhere, The story recently widely published that the French aviator, Guillaux, who earriud the first serial mail from Mel bourne to Sydney, was sbofc as a German spy, has been denied by Francis Luki>, >n Australian aviator who h;is just re turned from the front. They are wicked slanderer^ says Luke, for Guillaux, one "f the most brilliant aviators wh) ever flaw, spent three years iu the moat perilous aervico of all, thkt of i eating flying michines. As n flier he w-is a wonder, (ind it win extraordinary thit he 'lived so lon«, Dut at last ho was killed at hia wo k. As an example of Intelligence, resource fulness and grit of the Australian boy a story haa been brought under the notice of the Director of E iucation by the head teacher of the State Sc'iool at Mia Mia. Oiie of her pupils, Hui?h Hyalop, a boy of fourteen years, who was working for tho Education Department's War Relief Fund, collected eight sheep as gifts from fhe farmers of the district. The lad was n >t long in determining how to realise his asset. He drove these sheep eleven mi'es to the nearest railway station one af-'ernoon, put them in a truck, and then re'U'ned home. Next morning he arose at 3 30, rode eleven miles, travailed by tr lnto Kynefcon, took hia shyep from Ui» truck and drove them to ihe sale y irds. The shsep realised £10 9a, and this sum he paid over in full to tho school fund. We would once again bring under tne notice of district whea^growers the fact that the committee of the Mooroopna hospital is making an appeal throughout the Goulburn Valley for donations of wheat, and farmers are askad to donate according to their means. The Treasurer has curtailed the Government subsidy, and other avenues of revenue must be opened up if theinsii ution is to maintain itd present solvent coniitlo 1. The over draft Is agiin mounting up, and there are many urgent works facing the committee which should be oarried out before the approach of winter. According to the latest accounts Mr Clement Wragge, a!s:> known at 'imos an " inclement" Wragge, is conducting a Tropical Gardens and Insti'ute as a holi day resort at Birkenlnai, New Zealand. Some years ag > Mr Wragge w»s known all over Australia as a forecaster of the weather whose predictions gave rise to mqoh amusement, not necessarily because they were wrong, but for the reason that they were Invariably placed bafore the public in a striking and entort,fining manner. It is said that his gardens at Birkenhead suggest a corner of the South Sea Islands, and that the visitors find much entertainment in his descriptions of the constellations. A young doctor who has been endeavor ing to establish himself in a Gippsland bush district; tells this story:-Tiiero la a family a few miles out in the ranges known as, Bay, ,the Browns. Not long ago their father, a man of about 50, took ill, and when he had been bad ab ut a fortnight, one of the sons came for me. He was driving an American waggon, and said he wanted me to come out and see father. I asked what was wrong, and he replied-" I dunno, jest general sioknrs-?, I think." He drove me out, saying noth ing by the way apart from a brief com ment on the state of the roads. When I arrived the mother led mo to the bodsido. '. We done everything we could think of," she said. " We prayed for him fur hours. We gave him all the medicine we had, and we had medicine of one sort nr another good for most anything. We gave him hot baths and cold forments, and ga-'.fj him nothing to eat one time, and plenty to eat other times. We just tried everything." " But," I said, " tho man is dead." "Yas," the woman agreed, " we though^ now there'd be no harm In sending for you." The following Is the fragment of a letter from " Somewhere in Franca " : - This yarn hinges on tho use of abbrevia tions to designate certain " gilded bugs who sit and sing." For instance, too much spaoe and time is needed to desig nate the Deputy-Assistant Director of Veterinary Service as such in full, so he is known as the D.A.D.V.S., and a full list of these abbreviations is to be found in the Field Service Pocket Book, known to everypne as the F.S.P.B. Eirly in the wajf a retired mrjor, who had dons only bow apd arrow soldiering, foijud himself given a job at a small railway siding, He fixed himself and his staff in a oollectlon of huts, and made«hlmself oomfortable, as he believed, "for the duration." Like a bolt from the blue oame one day the following wire:-Please arrange to hand over your hu's to the A.D.T. - From tho D.A.Q.M.G., xth Division. Having no idea who tho A.D.T. was, and not the faintesb notion of the identity of the D A.Q.M.G , xth Division, but fully realising that some one was trying to eject him from his home, sweat home, the old rain wired back:-"To D.A.Q M.G,, xth Division. -The A.D.T. can G.T.H." In due courBe the warmth of the mighty ones descended on him in the form of another wire from the division to this effect: ,f Kindly explain your insolent and in subordinate wire of the 15th inat." This greatly upset the major, so he got busy without abbreviations, and oncocted the following retort courteous :-"Tho De puty. Assistant Quartermaster.General, xth Division.-Please interpret cny wire of "the 15th inst. as 'The Assistant Direobor of Transport can get the huts." There was a large and representative gathering at the Nagamble Mechanics' Institute on Saturday evening of last week, when Senlor-Oonstable Swanwlck, who had recently been appointed to an important position at the Federal Treas ury after having been stationed at Ha gambie for eleven years, was entertained by the townspeople and residents of the neighboring distrlpt^. Qc W. Wilson, J.P., presided, and proposed the health of the guest of the evening in the most eulogistic terms. The toast was sup ported by Mr T. Derum, J.P,, Mr E. W. Hill, Mr A. N. . Hopkins, and a host of other speakers, and Mr E. W. Hill then presented the senior with a well-filled wallet of notes. Senlor-Oonstable Swan wick made a fitting reply, and the func tion terminated with other toas's suitable to suoh an occasion. The various Shire Councils and Water works Trusts situated alon? the valley of the Goulbum river continue to offor strenuous objection to the granting of a sluicing license to a dredging company at Gobur. A report on the nnfcter WHS recently submitted to the Seymour Shire Council, and the council decided to per sist In its objection to the granting of the proposed lease. At the Shepparton Shire Council meeting on Monday of last week the departmental report on tho proposed sluice mining at Gobur was road. The president (Oc Fair) stated that the Go vernment had appointed a special com mission to enquire into bhe matter and make recommendations, but, as u-ual, such recommendations were seldom heeded. Mining men only were on the board of control, and they did not give attention to the dam»ge done to agricul tural land or to the rivers of the State. On the motion of Ors Kerrlns and Bitcon It was resolved that a protest be made against the granting of any dredging leases in the Goulbum or any contribut ing streams. The firm attitude adopted by the various Goulbum Valley oouncils and water trusts in this matter Is com mendable, as It is the desire and duty of everyone to see that) tbja fine stream h not reduoed to the pitiable condition of some of the other Victorian rivers, Tiie Waranga Shire Council mjots on Tuesday noxb. To-day (Friday) was to have been an auspicious occision for many of the duck shooters of fc'iis district, liuc as ihey s ty in bo')ks, " Man proposes and God dis poses " Iii this c.«e ib wu8 the New South Wales Oiliinet which "disposed," and the plans of Victorian duck aiaughtsrera collapSHd. Iu was a fine thing for Victorians to he able to crosq the Murray, have a day at (.ho ducks thoro on February 1st, and then a second opening day on Victorian soil on the 15'h. but tho powers that be decidod to effect an alter.ui hi in preva'lins; con ditions, to the undisguised dismay of a number of 1 JC-jI sports. The new proclamation ronders it illogal bo th iob wild duck in any polica district bordoiing" the Murray till 15bh Fubru iry, and fur ther adopts tho Vic'oria Aoh with ro«ard to the ba^ limit, which ia 15 birds a shooter per day. G iulburn Valley bowlera spent a gala day on the beautifully improved Tatura rinks on Monday last (Foundation Day). The Tatura club had arranged a double and a single toumimsnb for that day, and competitors wore present from Kya brara, Nagambie, Rushworfch, Murchison, Numurkah and Shepparton clubs, and some very interostina; and exciting games were witnessed. Tha visitors wore treated right royally by the members of of the Tatura club, and tbo whole pro ceedings were of a pleasant and success ful nature. Six bowlers from the Mur chison club and two from Rushvorth were in attendance, but, as was only to be expected when meeting seasoned op ponents, these (with the excoptinn of Mr Harris, of Rushworth) did not meet with a great measure of success. What little practice either the Ru:hworth or Mur chison players have had this season has been on greens but recently 1-iid down, and It is thereforo not to be wnudered at that when playing on a Reasoned and highly Improved green like the T*tur&lt;a rinks they were "all at sea." In the Pairs Competition (10 ends of two bowls each) Willis and Ryan (Nagambie) beat Harris and Weir (Rushworth), 11-2; Eason and Crawford (Kyabram) beab Heazlewood and Ryan (Murchison), 12-3 ; Hall and Hunter (Tatura) beat Salas and Wagoner (Murchison), 14-5 ; Fairley and Furphy (Shepp^rcon) boat Hanlon and Cadan (Murchison), 18-1. This event was eventually won by Coop and Goldsworthy (Numurkah), they belt ing Willis and Ryan (Nagambie) in the final. In the Single-handed Champion | ship Bigaall b.'at Heazlewood, 8-7 ; Anderson boat Hanlon, 14-4 ; Rait >n beat Cadan, 14-4; Willis beat Ryan, 10-5; Fairley beat Wagoner, 5-5; Bignall beat Salas, 11-4. In the first round of this competition Hania (Rush worth) beat Crawford, 10-8, while in the second round he beat Hall, 15-2, but In the fourth round ha was beaten by Davy (Tatura), 9-8. This event wis eventually won by Eason (Kyabram) from Davey (Tatura), 11-6. The members and friends of the Church of England at Murchison East organised and carried out a vory pleasant and suc cessful social in the Mission R mm at that place on Friday evening last, 25th hist. About thirly members and friends were lu attendance, including Messrs G. F. Heazlewood, J. Dillon, S. Armitstead and I W. Thorne, who attended by invitation as representing Murchison Church vestry. A good programme of vooal music was , provided by Mrs Peddle, Mrs Hennessey, I and Misa Harding, also a violin solo by Miss Ada Swale, and excellent selections on a good gramaphone were given by Mr Pike. During an interval the Rev. H. Lswis, who presided, ni^de allusion to the loss ^he church at Murchison East had sus^'iaed by the departure of so many of i^s earliest supporters to other pa>ts of the State, and earnestly ask.'d that all interested in tho church's work should rally to the help of the few ivho were striving to keep the work going. Messrs Heazlewood, Dillon and Thorne also spoke, expressing their own sympathy and that of the Murchison church mem bers In general with tho conditions pre vailing at, Murchison E*s-, and stating their willingness to co-op?rate in .any practical way wlrh the workers at the Eist. A gooi supp'y of firs^-rate refresh ments was provided in the usual bounti ful manner by some of the ladies of the church, and a very pleasant evening was brought to a close about 11 p.m. with hearty votes of thanks to all friends who had helped to make the evening so en joyable. It is hoped that tho function will bear good fruit as regards the future of the Church of England at Murchison East. 