 SAYINGS OP TO-DAY AND YESTERDAY. circumstances alter kisses.—Caro lyn Wells. Many are men of probity—until you begin to probe.—J. Whitman. The man who can't remember when he was a fool is one yet.—Strickland Gillian. About the only way a woman can keep a secret is to keep it going.— Nathan Levey. Woman: A being to run away from, or with—as tho case may be.—Elbert Hubbard. Young men, 1 have to advise you to try to be good rather than groat. You'll have less competition.—T. Lawson. The wages of sin is exposure.—Es telle Klauder. i A high old time lays many a man ' low.—Cole Blease. On the door of success is "push," In brass.—Upton Sinclair. Lots of peoplo will take everything for granted, except a hint.—Green wood Lake. . 'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all, but it Isn't so cheap.—Sam Stlmson. The trouble with the average mar ried man is that he doesn't know what a jewel his wlfo is till he comes to put hor in a casket.—General Sickles; "Northerner" writes:—Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of tho rain which promises and never comes, it is curious to note that -when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comos to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been tho caso frequently in tho past. A happy monsoon struck tho north last week, and It was to tho oxtent of 21 InclioB in one part of tho. tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about In those climos whore during the monsoon time any place north of Townsviile which doesn't get Its ten IncheB or bo of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are oarly this season, and if history ropeats It self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti- j cyclones which spell rain for the Bouth of th« continent. Th« psarl flshors at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to tho offect tbat an onrly monsoon moans a placid summer, and when tlioy havo a placid ono we hnvo a wot one. Wo can do with It. It isn't so much that a woman wouldn't, but she hatos to think that you think sho would. 