 OF RURAL INTEREST. (Special for this Paper). | (By 'Biislic') 1 Last week I quoted the -report issued by the Central Weather Bureau and it was a doleful story of drought. It out lined a prospect that was far from pleasing.- but between the time ot writing my contribution and its appear ance 111 print a change came over the spirit of tilings . As the Minister for Agriculture happily put it, 'gold was found in all parts of Victoria.' That is exactly what that downnour meant. lt put gold into the pocket of the man on. the land as surely as if each of him had discovered it on his farm. Thus the Central Weather 'Bureau has a dif ferent tale to tell this week and has the added satisfaction in telling it that it upheld the theory which Mr. Archi bald, the eminent London Meteorolo gist, advanced that the time for the lean years is not yet — not for another five years. It may be shrewdly suspect ed that_ that communication from Mr Archibald was specially obtained ' to 'confound the politics' of the pessi mistic Mr. Wragge. The forceregulat ing meteorological, conditions has set the seal upon the judgment of the new Daniel and Mr \Yragge is discomfited as wa® Shylock. Therefore the Com monwealth Meteorologist can gleefully report that the break-up of the long .drought is the great- outstanding fea JSjirejoJ iai5t'^^j5^;w^^fe^0yer.-.iihe': ^ the -5Sast^saPSi»te& the change from intense ' drought condi tions to those attending abundant rains was most decisive,' especially so in the case of Queensland and North of New South Wales, and the seasonal prospects throughout Eastern Australia are now completely altered for the better. The great rain stonm responsible for this began to develop in Western Queens land on the 6th instant ; by the 8th it was producing general rains from the Gulf of Carpentaria to the New South Wales border, and on She 9th heavy rains were setting in over the whole of Queensland, New South Wales, Victor ia, and a large part of South Austra lia. _ JChese rains were, of course, of tropical origin, and were accompanied by the formation of a tongue of low barometric pressure extending South ward from the Gulf of Carpentaria to Western Victoria, jthe whole develop ment bearing a remarkable resemblance to that of the great moasoonal storm which flooded the Maliee in February, 1911 . On the lGtii high pressure over Central Australia cut ihe low pressure through in two and the weather rapid ly cleared. During the remainder of the week mild weather with northerly winds marked the slow approach of a cyclonic depression from over the Bight, and by Friday morning further good rains, mostly -the result of thun derstorms on Thursday evening, were reported generally, with promise of more . Mild weather to follow the rain, which was much desired, has been ex perienced, as the temperatures show. The highest reading for the week was 70 at Yarrawonga, and the lowest at ordinary elevations, 35 at Nhill. The week's rainfall is given as follows: — iMallee : From 65 at Rainbow to 163 at Kaneira; Wimmera: from 36 ait Minyip to 125 at Stawell ; Northern Country : from 65 at Numurkah' to 217 ait Avoca ; North-East: from 65 at Omeo to 183 at AVhatfield ; Central North: from 61 at Castlem^ine to 210 at Daylesford; Western: from 13 at Terang to 107 at Bailairait ; Central : from 42 at Mel bourne to -124 at Ballan ; Gippsland : from 21 at Port Albert to 95 at Gabo. It may be taken -that the primary ob ject of an experimental farm m 'such a locality would be to demonstrate irri gation methods. Yet the Committee finds that the grading and channelling of the area at present under lucerne cannot be -J.aimed to have reached the standard of an up-to-date irrigation farm. Much of -the lucerne area is ex tremely patohy, and bears evidence of . want of attention. Cereal crop® have been grown on the dry farming area, but it does not appear that any special cultural methods other than those gen erally practised in the. district have been adopted. ^ Experiments have been carried out in ' dry farming and irri gation, but they have lacked system and continuity, ana have served no useful purpose, as no proper records have been kept. The 'financial results have been most unsatisfactory, and as the method of bookkeeping has not been system&t- ised it is impossible to apportion the amount of loss to each branch of farm activities. As a demonstration of how to get to the insolvency court quick the details of the finances of the fanm are interesting They are : — Year. Expenditure. Bevenue. 1905-1906 . . £1,887 17 6 £20 1 3 . , £,9U. L 1Q i -fc0O ±*± O 1907-1908 . . 3,225 0 3 310 17 0 1908-1909 .. 3,477 3 4 580 7 10 1909-1910 . . 2,526 18 10 805 16 5 1910-1911 . . 3,312 17 10 838 10 0 *1910-1911 . . 586 5 9 152 17 .3 *To 30th October, 1911 . The proportional expenditure was as follows: — Labor, 30 per cent.; imple ments, 13.5 per cent. ; permanent im provements, 12.4 per cent. ; rent, 9.9 per cent. ; maintenance, 8.6 per cent. ; live stock, 8.9 per cent. ; provisions, 6.6 per cent. ; furniture, 2.4 per cent. ; forage, 1.4 per cent.; seed, 1.3 per cent. ; manure, 0.38 per cent. There is no doubt that there were, and are, possibilities for much useful ness in-an experimental farm of the kind. It is a self -evident fact that the Committee points out when it says the 'average settler would find it im possible .to devote sufficient time, or in cur the expense necessary, to conduct experiments necessary to the proper ap-_ plication of new methods, and that the prima ry ^purpose of the_ .Wyuna farm «x-.; perimentai work -to discover data on which the future practice in newly irri gated settlements may be' based. The Committee, is not sanguine that -much could be made of the farm even if pro perly managed, but recommends that if iit is-retained the following investi gations should be. carried out : — Irriga- tion. — Acquiring of exact data regard ing Jhe quantity of waiter required by various irrigated crops under diverse systems of cultivation and soinreat ment; manorial investigations conduct ed. under irrigation conditions. The de termination of the value of liming-under various conditions, suitable crop rota tion for irrigated lands, experiments to show the value or otherwise of cultivat ing ^gro wing crops of lucerne, and test ing all varieties of lucerne; the growing of lucerne seed -for distribution ; experi ments to detenmine-the value of differ ent fodder_ crops and grasses ; experi ments with* cows and pigs, using cereals, forages, lucerne, ensilage, natural pas tures and artificial foods, singly and in various combinations.^ Dry Farming. — The raising and systematic testing of ssileoted cereals, true to name and pure, for distribution among growers , - cultur al and tillage experiments ; crop rota don and manorial .tests and investiga tions ^relating -to the best methods of arresting the depletion of the organic .contents, of, the stiff. Gouiburn Valley ' soil. Thereis avery Trade scope for real 3y.^ Valuable,: experimental, work in all tbiSj bnt to get it done upon lines that would jip^^e-.anything but derision, in Ihe ^pectple it ; would- be . intended to .isocoi mi&re would need to be an en the methods which inState 8W- IBfldt ' The report of the special committee deputed to inquire into the affairs of the Wyuna Staite Farm discloses a con dition of . things even worse than was suspected. Tnere have been plenty of instances of the failure of the State to successfully run enterprises of this kind. None have made quite such a bad showing as- this, but, perhaps, that is because none has hitherto had such a penetrating search-light directed at its affairs as the enquiry just complet ed. The Wyuna farm comprises 540 acre6 . It was acquired from the Closer Settlement Board in 1906, to demon strate irrigation and dry farming pos sibilities, and was expected to be a fin ancial success. There mas a succession of managers and also an advisory Board. The Committee states bluntly thaifc the farm has been an utter failure from an educational and experimental point of view, and a deplorable failure financially. The total expenditure stands at £17,967^16/3, and the total re venue at £3, 207y4/5. The labor bill amounted to £1,300 per annum, exceed ing by more than double the reveuue of the iiarm . It is mentioned that the ex penditure on manures and fertilisers only amounted to £70/17/4 in 5% years, or about 6d. per acre per annum, but whether this is to be taken as a com mendable feature of /the management or otherwise, is not made cleair. One in stance of the management which needs no comment is a .transaction in which 200 sheep were pux«iiased jEor £103/6/8, and several months after were sold for £103/6/11. / . : , _ ? ' It is satisfactory to ' note that-' the .i. coming' of - tbe rain has caused the Minister to reconsider the proposal to stop the importation of farm workers. There is so much' to be done in the development ot the untouched produc tive areas of this State, which remains undone chiefly because of the insuffi ciency of hands to do it, that to Stay the trickle of immigration of the class of men needed for that work must be regarded as calamitous. It has been a hard matter to get that trickle started, and to stop it would be very ill-advised. Th» free and easy fashion in which importers can bring diseased potatoes into this State calls for a reform, and the action of the Colac Agricultural Society in deciding to bring the matter under the notice of the Minister of Agriculture in the shape of a strong protest will have the support of potato growers in all parts of Victoria. It was pointed out at the meeting of the Colac Society that other States had adopted stringent regulations to pre vent the importation of diseased tubers, and in West Australia these regulations are strictly enforced, al though potatoes in that State are at famine prices. Potato-growing is an important part of Victoria's rural pro duction, and deserves all the protec tion that, can be obtained for it.. 