 e PEACE, AND THE MAN. Senator Ferricks and His Mission. What Burns meant when he wrote— "What's done we partly may compete, But know not what's resisted"— he himself knew. However, Senator Miles Aloysius Perricks would probably take it unto his heart as a piece of philosophy worthy of consideration. He himself views life, so far as his views on life mav be ascertained, as being more or' less a series of things which have been done, and of which the computation is difficult ; while, 011 the other hand, he certainly does not pretend to know what has resisted. To those who regard him from afar, it certainly appears that he spends his life seeking to find out what has resisted, and waging war against it. In many instances his lance appears to have been put in lest, and his charger spurred to a gallop against a flock of sheep or a windmill ; but the charge has never lacked in valour, nor the attack in energy. The trouble has 'been that, somehow or other, when he arrived there the object of the attack has always been the wrong one. That, however, has not been the fault of Senator Ferricks. He lias done the right thing, according to his lights, but that which he has been up against has been too much for him—be it vested interests, the wrong doings of a Premier, a mere abstract principle, or a deep-rooted conviction. Years Ago, Years ago, when he first entered politics, someone likened Senator Ferricks to St. Peter. 'Twas said that, even as St. Peter, the im petuous, had not hesitated to jump down into the grave on the morning of the resurrection, rather than stand upon th.2 brink and call aloud, so also did Senator Ferricks rush in where others, conceivably might have feared to tread. It was on such an occasion that he tau'ght the then Premier of Queensland, "Wullie" Kidston, as they used to call him, the meaning of ."wild-cat" and some viining soandals. That there was the father of a row about it all mattered not 0 bit to the future Senator. He said what he had to say, believ ing it was right, and took the ensuing month's expulsion from -the State Parliament, which followed, as if it were the gruel which he had every right to expect. A Missionary Spirit. Although he may suspect it, or he :nay rot, it is probably a kind of missionary spirit which makes Senator FerricVs indulge in these out bursts of righteous flagellation. He believes in preaching to those who are vet outside the pale ; if he goes beyond what ordinarily is conceived to be the limits of missioning, it is due to a Puck-like spirit which leads hiin to tease, almost beyond endurance, those whom I1.? would im'pale. Behind his rather slow, measured language—a language which he can use and pour forth like a mountain torrent swollen with the snow streams—lies a nasty, biting sarcasm, and for those who, will not be converted—for those who will not join with him in sweet reasoning—he reserves it. Looks Like It. And Senator Ferricks looks like a man who might be consumed with missionary zeal. His face is pale, his hair very black—although now becoming tinged with grey—and from afar his eyes look as if ;tliey would pierce to the very soul of the man who. opposes him or his views. Perhaps, on a close view, his ears u:.e rather prominent ; but his face is square, and rather intellectual, and there seems to be enough in his fa,ce to interest without looking at the ears. Probably, if he were questioned concern ihg his mission, Senator Ferricks would be the last to admit that he regarded what he does ap anything connected with a mission of any sort. Nevertheless, it might very well have l-c.m his prototype who journeyed into Batoyloh and denounced Thais, though ■ doubtless Miles Aloysius would not have been so undiplomatic abo,ut it. eoeooeoo Suffering From It. -Just now Senator Ferricks is suffering from his missionary zeal- Ever since he was elected as a member of the Senate as one of the Queensland six—and that was in 1913—he has put his heart and soul into the work which he conceives to be his. Consequently, at the present time, he is a mass of nerves. A, man who had more pretensions would proclaim that he was suffering badly from neuritis, and take six months' leave of absence. Senator Ferricks, however, just thinks he is out of form from doing too much, and relies on doing a bit more in order to bring himself back to the normal again. However, to preach or Sundays as to the need for the release from prison of Mrs. Walsh (nee Adda Pankhurst), attend Parliament every day af the^week, and watch every debate closely, to attend to the wants of the hundred and one people who- may come along—for after all Queensland is rather a big place—and fight campaign after campaign with all the vigour ind energy that can he .got together, is not the sort af thing which ^vo'uld incline the ordinary man to a state of anything save nerves. And, in that connection, it ought to be stated that Senator Ferricks has. fought every campaign— whether for . his part.v or for a principle which he thinks is ri^ht—'which has come within his vision. The recent Referendum campaign found him doing all within his power to defeat it, while the last Federal elections gave him more to do than any otter two men of his party— perhaps because he believed that within him lay the power to do twice the ordinary amount of work. During the "first Conscription Referen dum campaign he was just as active, and, probably because of the line of argument which he adopted on all these occasions, he has been duhbed by many to be an extremist, a visionary, a dreamer. - Peace Notions. Whether those who so judge him are right or wrong is hard to say ; 'but, at a time like the present, when the Empire is waging war, and there is no room for any save those who would wage war with her, there may be some justifi cation fo,r hasty judgments when n man moves a motion such "as this "That, in the opinion of the' Senate, in the fourth year of the war,, tlie time has arrived for the British Government to ascer tain ar,4 make known the peace basis 011 which the Allies would be prepared to negotiate with the view of ending the war." On the face of it, such a motion is pro Germ'an, anti-British and various other uncom plimentary things ; but wheai Senator Ferricks explains his ideas on the subject, it is obvious that all the nasty things which have been said of him—and there have been quite a few sines the commencement of the war—are, perhaps, rather harsh. He may hold ideas .contrary to the ideas hold by the majority of the people— and this, by-the-way, is 110 attempted justifica tion of his ideas, but a mere endeavour to set forth the point of view of Senator Ferricks as he is known to .Mr. 'Punch—but the fact remains that he holds them, and believes that, such being the case, he has every right to set them forth for the edification of others who, accord ing to his way of thinking, are not so enlight ened. For instance, he "believes that war is ' a hellish institution"; lie-is not a peaco-at-f-.ny price man, but he would accept the pi ice of peace as laid dawn by the workers of the coun try fighting, and lie would not accspt the rulings nor the dictates of the diplomats "on top." If he had his way hi would put those who caused the war in the front line, and let them do the fighting, and then, according to his views, there would be very few wars. It is in the same way that Senator Ferricks argues against conscription, and strives to justify his opposition to the proposals which have been made in that connection. I-Ie says that he is afraid of the inroads of militarism into Aus tralia, and fails absolutely to see t.'ic use of defeating Prussianism in Europe if it is to be introduced into Australia—far that is what Senator Ferricks believes conscription would mean to this country. And, on top of all this, lib' earnestly believes that tlie; Defence Depart ment has 'been very badly administered, and that half of the trouble there has been in Aus tralia in connection with recent military mat ters is due to that cause. OPJ00808 What's In It? There may or may not be something in these arguments ; but, whether there is or not, no one would for a moment doiMAt Senator Feitricks was: sincere about them, and because he is sin cere about them, and about everything el«> which he preaches, he advocates them strenu ously, and doesn't care a twopenny dump whether he gets into {rouble for do,ing so, or otherwise. Ilow much he cares for trouble of that kind may be judged from the fact that, as a reward for his 'first six and a half years of public life, lie has had to cantest five elections, suffer two writs, a month's expulsion from the Queensland Parliament, and attend to numerous lawyers' letters received on • Yehilf •. i vef-ple who thought they were getting damaged during Senator Ferricks's determined showing up of some thing or other. For instance, it is qtiite possible that Mr. Hughes would like to present Senator Ferricks with half-a-dozen letters — all uncomplimentary. Senator Ferricks was the first member of Parliament, either Federal or State, to take a stand against conscription when the word was first mentioned. Shortly afterwards Mr. Hughes commenced to try and convince the Labour executives that his pro posals with regard to the first Referendum on conscription were right. It was Senator Fer ricks who, was called'on by those executives to go to Sydney and take the negative against Mr. Hughes. How well he took that side ought to be known—for Mr. Hughes and his proposals, as all the world now knows, were badly turned down. eooomo Political Trouble. The political life o,f Senator Ferricks com menced with trouble, and may continue with it.' He first attempted to stand for Bowen' in the Queensland Legislative Assemlbly in 1907 ; but his nomination paper went astray, with the result that he made the Federal Government pay £5.0 for his out-of-pocket expenses. The late Sir Wm. Lyne was then Treasurer, and he "came through" with the money only after a deal of trouble, and after the responsibility fo.r the non-delivery of- the paper had been sheeted home to the Commonwealth. Two vears later, however, Mr. Ferricks, as he was then, won the Bo we 11 seat with a comfortable majority, only to be defeated in 1012. A year later he was chosen as one of Labour's six to represent Queensland in the Senate, and as the outcome of the campaign which lyj then waged lie re ceived two writs for £5000 from the then Pre mier of Queensland (Mr. Denham), for the state ments which he had' made during the campaign. Result—verdict for £3l00 and costs in each case. «••••!«• And Before That. And before these things happened to him Senator Ferricks had tried school teaching, at which he started .after leaving the Christian Brothers' School, and after that drifted into work on the Queensland railways, tried station life in Western Queensland, tried mining, engine driving, storokeeping, butchering, sugar-grow ing, and finally journalism. . He is a native of Mary-borough. Queensland, forty-two years of age, and the youngest of a family of fifteen, seven of which were boys ! • When Mr. Fred Oakley, worksmaster at Ben digo, retires on 31st January next, there will pass out of the service one who has played a ■very important, though, perhaps, not promi nent^ part in the railway development of "Vic toria.. After serving his apprenticeship as a carpenter ; and joiner with . the old firm of Tumbull and Dick, of Melbourne, Mr. Oakley entered the works b'ranch of the Victoria11 Railways in 1878, and had as his first jo'b the building of the' Chewton Station. Later he became foreman of works at Maryborough, Bal larat and Melbourne, and in 190*1 was appointed worksmaster of th; northern Victorian section, in Bendigo, in 1901. When King George visited Melbourne, in 1901, to open the first Common wealth Parliament, Mr. Oakleigh was inspector of works of the very elaborate decorations un dertaken by the Railway Department, and which were one of the mast attractive features of the celebrations in Melbourne. In his long service of 39 years in the -department,, he had charge of many undertakings .of a dangerous character, yet not a single workman under him met with serious accident, a record of which he is justly proud. According to lau:st accounts, Mr. Clement Wra-gge, also known at times as "Inclement" Wragge, is conducting a Tropical Gardens and Institute as a holiday resort, at .Birkenhead, New Zealand. Some years ago Mr. Wragge was known all over Australia as a weather forecaster whose predictions gave rise to much amusement, not necessarily because thev were wrong, but for the reason that they were in variably placed before the public in a striking, and often entertaining, manner. Whatever his merits as a meteorologist, Wragge was an ex cellent showman. Such terms as "monsoon," "cyclone," "depression," and "disturbance" had no attractions for him. He preferred to call the cyclone, "Hughes" ; the depression, "Ir vine" ; or the disturbance, "Mannix" ; or whatever names were prominent in the political world at tlv> tinns. Then the public would get a pronouncement something like this : "Prepare for the worst—'Mannix'—or it might have been 'Barton'—is coming. Drought stares the far mer in the face. Conserve your supplies of water immediately, for there are days of trial ahead." If the drought came, Wragge would adopt the attitude of "I told you so." If.it did not, Wragge relapsed into obscurity. Only temporarily,, however, for like the politicians, Wra'gge invariably "came back" at the 'fiprst opportunity. It is said that his gardens at Birkenhead suggest a corner of the South Sea Islands, and that visitors find much entertain ment in his descriptions of the constellations. Mr. William Capewell, who died recently at Ruabon-road, Toorak, aged S2 years, was the founder o,f the Red Boot Mart, in Bendigo, a concern which later extended its branches to many of th.c principal business centres ;n Vic toria. A colonist of 64 years, Mr. C.ipewell saw many bush townships develop into thriving cities. When he arrived in Victoria, ;a 1 f 53, in the ship Sussex, the rush to The sroHfields was in full swing, and Mr. Capewell V,eg;in carting goods between. Melbourne a"d Ueiifli, or Sandhurst, as it was then known. This proved to be n remarkably lucrative proposi tion, as much as £110 being paid for a loi'.tl. Subsequently lie started business as a 1-oot .salesman in Bridge-street, Bendigo, an.'l foMune favouring him, he opened branches at Elizaheth ;f;t., Melbourne ; Moorabool-st., Geelong ; Castle maine and Maryborough. Mr. OapewoU was the oldest member of the James Uoe Loige of the manchester Unity Oddfellows, nnd in November last he celebrated his diamond wed ding.  A Line of Soothsayers. Very probablv the modern meteorologists would not feel* flattered if told that they were the lineal descendants—professionally, of course—of the astrologers and soothsayers and augurs of olden times. Hut they are, all the same. The old Roman augurs and the Egyptian astrologers and the horoscope-casters of latei days were all the pioneers of modern meteorologists. With them must be bracketted those dear old people who used to make weather predictions upon the strength of a pain in a gouty toe or "a touch of the rlieumatiz." The flitst class used the properties of the meteorologist to impose on credulous folk. The others used commonplace means to reach the same conclusions whieh the meteorologists arrive at after much painful study of quasi-scientific data. It would probably be too caustic to suggest that there is not such a wonderful-gain in accuracy, though the "rheumatiz" has been displaced by the aneroid and the aching corn by the anticyclone. They all belong to the same family. The astrologers studied the stars and the alleged effect of them on the lives of human beings. They cast individual horoscopes. The meteorologist studies the heavens also, and gives a daily horoscope to whole communities. The astrologer was a retail merchant, and the meteorologist is in a wholesale way of business. That is the chief difference. Perhaps the meteorologist is more often right in his predictions. Perhaps he is, but few people would like to affirm such a thing. The meteorologist is often verv wrong, unless, like the astrologer and the oracle of all times, he phases his prophecies in such -ambiguities as will cover anything that may happen. A Modern Example. Take our Commonwealth Meteorologist, for example. lie presides over the weather destinies of a whole, continent—of almost half a hemisphere. It does not worry him much. He gets off two prophecies every day of his life. A midday one and a night one. It would be hard to "sav what his percentage of correct predictions is"; but this is certain, that it would be a high one. If the figuras were published, it would be found that Mr. Henry Ambrose Hunt was right eight times out of ten. But, then, that does not mean very much. The ordinary citizen, who does not know an anemometer from an isobar, is able on 300 days out of the year to sav with the greatest accuracy what the weather will be like. It is on the other sixtyfive days, when he cannot tell, that he wants a meteorologist to prophesy for him, and the curious feature of the business is that it is on these sixty-five davs that the professional prophet finds his skill rii sort him- The same natural paradoxes that disturb the judgment of the ignorant man in the street also upset the calculations of the trained observer in the Meteorological Bureau. He prophesies fine weather, and it rains all day. He puts all liis monev on rain, and the day is a glorious one. He heralds a south breeze, and a howling northerly blisters the paint off the houses. Poor meteorologist, he is execrated, and pitied, and despised all because he cannot achieve the impossible. He is looked upon in the same light as a health expert or an agricultural expert. "What's the good , of having a meteorologist if he can't tell us what sort of weather we are going to have ?" ctfc? the man in the street. "But I told it to you on 300 days in the veaT cries the meteor-etc. "Yes, but we knew it ourselves then shouts hack the M.T.T.S. And the professional guesser goes hack to his chart with a heart full of anger against the unreasonableness of the public. Blessed Are Hie Meek. Mr. Henrv Ambrose Hvnt is a pleasant, meek, welt-fed gentleman, who seems quite out of place in control of such an untamable gang as the Australian weather' elements. It is impossible to imagine an Antarctic disturbance sheering off from the coast of the Commonwealth out of fear of Mr. Hunt. On the other hand, he is just the sort of man that a malicious anti-cyclone would love to aggravate and annoy. He should be beetle-browed, and fierceeyed, and stern-jawed, full of strange words and fierce epithets. How the storms and blizzards shook in their shoes when Clement Wragge was in the height of his glory. What names he labelled them with. How he made them the laughing-stock of the aerial world. They fled in terror from him. Mr. Hunt is too mild, too meek. He is no disciplinarian, and the winds refuse to obey him. He has never called a disturbance a naslv name yet. The most he allows himself is to tab them as "lows." Of course they are low, and low fellows require stern treatment and rare force of metaphor and language. What does a ripping, tearing, icy blizzard from the South Pole care for the neat, wavy lines and the careful, precise language which Mr. Hunt uses to describe it ? It laughs in his face, and camps on his doorstep for weeks out of sheer impertinence. They snap their fmeers at him, whirl liis wind-gauges round at fearful rates, plav tricks with his barometers and thermometers', and laugh up their sleeves all the time. Poor Mr. Hunt. He cannot control them, and so the public begin to regard him as a meteorological failure. An Empirical Art. The truth is that Mr. Henry Ambrose Hunt is an earnest student of meteorology. But he knows very little about it. That is* no reflection upon Mr. Hunt. He knows most things there are to know, hut these things are so few and so imperfect. The finest meteorologist in the world is the gentleman who is at present at the South Pole with Capt, Scott. He knows more than Mr. Hunt, but he knows very little. He has gone to the South Pole to try and learn a few more things, and lie. has gone to one of the storehouses of meteorological knowledge—the Jiaunt of the Antarctic disturbance. He will see the family at home, and get to know them by their pet names. In these days of advanced scientific knowledge, when nearly everything can lie reduced to a formula of sonic sort, people are apt to forget that meteorology is the infant sister of the sciences. It is true that it dates back to the beginning of things. It is true that the ancients sought to predict the weather just as we do, but it is also true that we know very little more about the business than the ancients. Most of the things we know arc that the ancients were all wrong in their premises and methods. We have not vet discovered the correct ones. The Australian aborigine prophesied floods, and droughts, and rains, and storms by observing the behaviour of insects and animals, which acted on instinct. We have driven out the insects and animals, or perverted their tastes, and left ourselves with no guide but Mr. Hunt and his assistants, and they do not know. Meteorology is a science—if it can be called a science at all—of mavhes and perhapses. It is all probability and doubt, with the law of averages twisted out of all shape. A Meteorologist's Work. Anyone can be a meteorologist and make weather predictions. The Australian method is chiefly a comparison of barometric pressures added to a lot of hopeful guesswork. But the modern meteorologist is doing far more useful work 1han prophesying about the weather. It seems to Matilda that the only thing of importance to-day is that she should know accurately what the weather is going to be like, so that she can wear a suitable dress. There is no doubt that the Meteorological Bureau is not much use for that. Where it is of use, though, is in the collection and compilation of records. Perhaps in fifty years or one hundred years, when all the records which have been so patiently collected, rain, pressure, temperature, wind velocity and the rest, are dealt with in the light of the knowledge of that dav it may be as easy to determine the weather of any par- ticular day in the future as it is to discover the exact' time at which the sun or moon'will rise. But that day is a long way off. It is the millennium of meteorology. To-day the meteorologist is - trained to observe and record. That is his real work. His weather predictions are a disappointing digression from the day's work. The only help they are to the progress of the "science" lies in the manner in which they have been falsified—the conditions which upset the conclusions come to. At Work in Sydney. It is hard to say why Mr. H. A. Hunt became a meteorologist. He is an Englishman, born in London forty-five years ago. He was educated in England, and came to Australia when he was eighteen years of age. He entered the Sydney Observatory, intending to become an astronomer, and gaze at the stars in theit courses. But Fate made a weather expert of him. The weather side of the Observatory work in the days when the States did it-was always despised "and rejected hv the Government astronomers. Tliev did not like being regarded as tipsters, though Mr. Clement Wragge got much fun and no little glory out of it. Mr. Hunt was given the meteorological work of Sydney, and it was interesting work. Sydney weather usually works up or down the coast or comes from inland. There was always plenty of warning of the approach of trouble, and Mr. Hunt earned quite a reputation as a weather expert by hanging signals from the Sydney Post Office clock to indicate the weather which would arrive in the next few hours. He became^ the great meteorological authority of New South Wales, and the charts and weather notes he inaugurated there were the envy of other States. In 3 00C he was made Commonwealth Meteorologist, and came to Melbourne, the grave of weather experts' reputations. He has been here five years learning all the time how nuicli there is to learn about Australian weather. A Fantastic Science. In appearance Mr. Hunt suggests the musician or the poet rather than the weather prophet. He has a mane of black hair and a mammoth black moustache. He could make a fortune as one of those musicians whose hair is their chief accomplishment. He is also something of a mechanical genius, and has invented quite a number of queer instruments which are designed to operate on the weather in some way or other. He is proud of his work, and deeply interested in it. But he lacks the accurate cocksureness of the scientist who knows that his .science is a thing of certainty. "Whatever is, is" is the infallible rule of the real scientist. "What seems to be. may be" is the meteorological rule, and Mr. Hunt lives up to it. His opinions are all hesitant, uncertain. They have to be. They may all require to be altered in an hour or two. There is no known rule of meteorology which is constant. All are liable to variation, to contradiction. It is a science of paradoxes and absurdities. Tt is the, only quack science which is solemnly accepted in the world to-day. Mr. Hunt is continually setting out to prove theories of the greatest importance. After months of work, he finds that he has failed, and has to go hack to the beginning again without any certainty whether he -was right or wrong. He is the head of the most fantastic department in the Commonwealth There is useful work for it to do. but of Hint the public so* and understand nothing. All that presents itself to them is .the daily guesswork, the least important phase of the work. The newly fus,"d Liberal organisations have e^lqhlishod nn official Liberal organ. The same fiing was done before the last elections, and •lone so badly lhaf. the cause suffered by the whole hog in which its political director misren resented its opponents. The new journal seems to be based on better lines, hut there are pome Splendid Deakinisms in it, notably "The Past is behind us. the Future is before us." The editor cvitlcni.lv knows what's what. 