 SUN AND WEATHER. MR, .WRAGGE'S FORECASTS. SEISMIC ACTIVITY IN 1920. "The present maximum of' the iun," said Air. Clement Wragge in an interview with a "Weekly News" reporter on January 9, "is probably the most abnormal on record. Ten days ago seventeen disturbances, popularly called sun spots, were observed in the solar photosphere, the largest being about 45,000 miles in diameter. But upheavals ! even greater, to 100,000 miles in dia meter, have been observed during this I f remarkable period of solar upheaval.' From these titanic cyclones in the sun, ether or wireless waves of varying wave lengths are always emanating, and under them the earth and our fellow planets sing, vibrate, and hum like the singing of a telegraph wire, but inasmuch as all our senses on the physical plane are' limited, our organs of hearing are not sufficiently acute to respond to them. In order to understand this theory it must be borne in mind that the whole i endless universe from sun to sun, planet to planet, system to system, is governed , by wireless waves. Our sun is operated I in its turn by the ether waves emanating from o.ur next nearest sun, which is' Alpha Centauri, the brightest of the two pointers to the Southern CroBS, and so it goes on through the inter-stellar or inter-solar spaces. FACTORS IN CLIMATIC CHANGES. "The forecasts of the seasons are based on three main factors, first the physical condition of the sun in respect to its maximum and minimum moods; secondly, the astronomical positions of the moon and periodical swing of lunar declination; thirdly, the perturbations or wireless waves that are for ever working through out our solar system, linking up the earth with our fellow planets. That this work ing hypothesis with respect to seasonal weather forecasting is a, sound one there is no doubt whatever, but a source of error lied in the fact that we do not yet thoroughly understand the nature of the emanations from Alpha Centauri, which affect the sun. It is a remarkable fact that there is a connection so intimate between the weather—if we may use such a term—of the sun and the weather of earth, as if the two bodies, through 93 millions of miles, were actually linked up by a telegraph wire. So they are in very fact, but I5y wireless, as I have already stated. In the northern hemisphere of the sun winds of terrific velocity sweep around in appalling and fiery cyclones in the opposite direction to the hands of a clock, and in the southern hemisphere of the sun. in the same direction of clock hands, and the very same circulation takes place around our globe in the northern i and southern hemispheres respectively. FORECAST OF STORMY SEASON. "Arguing from these standpoints, and seeing that actions and reactions pervade tho Cosmos, there is every reason to be lieve that the approaching hurricane season over the Pacific Elands off the Coast of Queensland , and New South Wales, and the north-west coast of West Australia, also around Mauritius and the South Indian . Ocean,. will be very pro nounced. and, as such disturbances are expected to pass further south than usual, it is reasonable to suppose that the Auckland Province, and especially North Auckland, will be in a measure affected by the southern sides or edges of the Pacific storms, which should result in heavy winds from between east, north east, north, and north-west, with ac companying periodica! heavy rains. The present absence of rainfall is mainly due to the condition of what may be termed tho static equilibrium attaching to the summer solstice, and as the sun's southern declination decreases towards ther equator the state of affairs just mentioned may be expected the more to develop. But it must ever be borne in mind that, with regard to forecasts of the seasons, we dare not speak ex cathedra, that we only claim, and equitably so, a high percen tage of accuracy, knowing that our hypothetical formula is a sound one, and absolute accuracy is never expected, re membering the qualifying influences from Alpha Centauri. SUNSTORMS AND EARTHQUAKES. "In regard to earthquakes," continued Mr. Wragge, "there is no doubt the sun's influence is the prime factor—I do not say the only one—in causing earthquakes and volcanic eruptions. The recent Wairparapa earthquake followed a mighty solar upheaval exceeding 100,000 miles from edge to edge. The Gautemala earthquake was contemporaneous with the enormous solar energy already men tioned, together with the eruption of Mount Vesuvius. I am not forecasting future earthquakes, and I am not sound ing the alarmist note, but I do emphati cally say that, in consequence of the change of wireless wave lengths from the sun—like altering tho gear of a motor car—which are bound to operate after 1920, conditions will become more favor able for seismic and volcanic action in all those parts of the southern hemisphere where the surface of the earth is weak. It is just possible—I do not say probable —that some of the alleged extinct vol canoes may begin to manifest some slight signs -of activity. My advice when that period arrives to those people who live in earthquake areas is not to sleep too near chimneys, which are liable to tumble down. It is possible that seismic action may become evident in the neighborhood of Cook Straights and Canterbury Plains, but remember." lie concluded, "" I am not sounding the alarmist note. The tone that I use is embodied in the word, 'caution.' "  LOCAL NEWS. A remarkable prediction of severe hurricanes was .published by Mr. Clement Wragge on January 9 and has been ful filled in tlic disastrous cyclone which visited •. Queensland last week. S&lt;jme §txiki|^./ibser*aficw*koy Mr. Wraggo .o.n tin? afftrotlier^.'CWJrer subjects appeal' in another part of this issue. „. A .puidit i? u ai.ul.jp,resentatit)(i of 'ci'iJS(i!oHtwMo{^ujU»t*Sk-y"hoVienHsted •' froni tlui Shire of Murtlaliv will tie held in_the .ilortlake. l-'iitmiir (t:ivflpii ijjj_^Saturday -.-week?. Mez .k-^Gr. .Nlawtipld. M.P., aivd Mr. I). .S. hma'ii.'M.'L. A., will be present ;md -Mr,'Manifold will .'present the certificates. Tho gathering will take the form of a picnic, the public providing their own luncheon and the committee supplying hot water.' " Afternoon ' tea will be avail able at a charge;of-6d. A mixed doubles' tennis tournament -will be held and there will be a ' programme of sports for children. Entries for the tennis tourna ment will close with Mr. L. J. Sweetnam at 6 p.m. on Friday, February 8. The Terang Brass Hand will render selections during tho day. > ■ ■ Direct from the tea garden to the teapot: Our Red Label Tea, 1/8 per lb. Try a sample pound.- ■ M. and l!.'s * Tlie annual- school,v excursion to 'Port Fairy will bo hold-, on Thursday next.' The first train xvill leave Terang at 7.10 a.m. and run through without stopping. Four. othjM' trains will Iea.w here at .7.40 8.15.;; C.^s. ,9.15 .a.m.,,- and . will stop at ali-*t;»tjot)s,to'Warrnambno]. The return fares from Te'rang are:—.Jnniors 2/11. teachers 4/6. adults 5 9. A limited number of tickets to Warrnambool will be available at 2/3. for jtniors and 4/6 for adults. Bonafide ' scholars attending any school taking part in the excursion and children under school .age will he sup plied with free railway tickets. Tickets aiv now vin sale at the business places in. Tuning, at the railway stations, and at State schools." On Wednesday next tho secretary will attend at the Mechanics' Institute-. Terang. for the sale of tickets, from 7.30 to 9- p.m. For tickets pur- > chased, on the morning of the - excursion there will be an -extra charge of sixpence for adults and .threepence for- children. At Port, Fairy inqtor\.boats and sailing boats-will make the usual trips round the and drags will run between the two beaches. Hot water and milk will bo •provided free of charge by the Port Fairy Seaside Visitors' Association. Eroni tlio Workshop direct to tho Homo! All middlemen's profits saved J>y dealing . .with T. Walls and Co., Furniture and Cycle Manufacturers, Toning and Maryborough. * In tlio competition for the studentships awarded by the Warrnambool Technical School for the forthcoming year ther'o wc.ro twenty-one candidates: Of this number the. following awards have been made :—Senior School.—All day engineer ing course, giving free tuition to success ful candidate for one year, in order of merit: L. Woods, Higher Elementary School, Terang; Bruce McConnell. Higher Elementary School. Terang ; Thomas Cole. State School. Cobden. Two .studentships in this section have not been awarded as tho marks of candidates wore not quite up to .standard-, Jmd a further examination will bo held later. All day commcrcial girls' section, giving free tuition for twelve months ill the full commercial course, in order of-merit: Mary Croft, Allan's Forest State School; Minnie Mel huish, Warrnambool State School ; Lily Newman, ' Warrnambool State School. Two studentships in- this section also have not been awarded and a further examina tion will be held later. Junior Technical School.:—All flay - course, in order of merit: H. Cameron, State School, Mort lakej If. Cathcart. fj,tate School, Mort lake : Thomas Cole, State School;- Cobden: ,1. Yiekiu's,- State School. PamftureG. -Ul>iinuigJbon. ., Statu--•Kfhonl. 'Dennington ; if. Marshall,. State School. - Warrnambool; A. Thomas. State • School. Dennington. Of the Junior Technical School student ships, only three were to be awarded unless other arrangements were made or some of the successful candidates dropped out. Thomas Cole is a successful candi date in both the engineering and Junior Technical sections, and will therefore have tho choice of entering either of these divi-. sk>ns, in which case, another boy upon tho Junior Technical list- will take his place. H. Cameron, in addition to his work for the Junior Technical .School, at tempted the Algebra paper of the Senior School, and gained 76 pc cent, in this subject. Buy at Montgomery and Bradsha.w's. Half-yeavly Grand Fair on Monday next, it will last for 14 days only ! * The annual meeting of the Terang Brass Band will bo hold at the bandroom on Tuesday evening, 12th February. M(.-labors of the_. public^ who take, an in terest in tli'c bhlia iU'e* specially* asked to be present. Word has been received that Private Thomas O'Connor, of The Sisters, has been admitted to the 1st Southern General Hospital, Birmingham. England, suffering from gunshot wounds in the back-. Pte. O'Connor left Australia on the 19th February, 1917, on board the S.S. Ballarat -which was torpedoed on Anzac Day, April 25, 1917, at the en &nbsp; tra nee to the English Channel. He be longed to the 5th Battalion and had seen &nbsp; several months' of active serviec in &nbsp; France. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; There was a great rush at the Warr nambool railway station on Monday when the window was thrown open for the sale of -race train tickets, and in the 1 crush a man was seen to snatch up a ticket without paying for it-. He im mediately dashed off and was lost it) tlje crowd. It was a daring and smart- piece of work, but it was not done so quickly that the raihvsly/olHcial had not- had time to note the number of the ticket. Fail ing to discover the culprit the railway men immediately communicated .with ' the Camperdown polico station, and the . re sult- was that Constable A. W. Dainty collected the ticket and the man in possession of it on arrival in Camperdown. lie was arrested ay evening A^bro%m-'TO3rr^jr"0Vinii. J.P° and charged with the theft- of a railway ticket, and remanded to appear at) Warr nambool. The accused, who gave the name of Alfred Joseph Schultz, was re turned to Warrnambool in rlia rge of Con stable A'Hearn the same evening. Ho made a statement, to the effect, that he was at present out of work, and admitted taking the ticket. Montgomery and Bradshaw's Half yearly Grand Fair opens Monday next, February 4th, and will continue for 14 days oply I * An unique illustrated land booklet-. We have received a very interesting and instructive booklet dealing with land settlement in New South Wales from-Mr. ■ IT. R. MoWilliani. formerly of Wagga Wagga. the well-known land specialist. Tljis enterprising agent has now romoved to the larger sphere of operations -in Sydney, and transacts lnisiness over tho whole State. lie has properties for- sale on i.iie rich North Coast, where the. natural pastures easily carry one tw to Mwj-mn'Ai;* or he can sell you a station ' on the great, fattening ' plains i ; tii'"'ilie'Xortli West, or a wheat, farm-in ! ll\e Tliverinn or the Central Slopes' Tho booklet is very nicely illustrated, iiud'- is wnrtli perusal by any investor, ln/id . set-i iler. or grazier. As announced in our advcilising column, the booklet ran be had f:ee by any bonalide person who wants to know where to buy 'and in New South Wales . When planti ng Seeds, obtain tho best— I'V II. IVuniug's Incomparable. r Local Agent: ,v. \V. fcjmitli. r Clias. N. Ki^Wers, the well-known Pianoforte Tuner and K.spert.. is now in the district, and will in future visit Terang every few weeks. Orders and all information at Walls and Co. Woods' Great Peppermint; Ours for Doughs and Oolcta, wt fulij !£.• '.The tednis tournament in aid of tho Framlingbam Branch ol tbe_ Red Cross to be held on Saturday (to-morrow) is exciting a great amount of interest m tlrn district. Players from Warrnarabool, Grasmere, Terang, Mortlake, Deninngton, and the surrounding districts will be present. The tournament will be held on the School Tennis Court, which is m good order. The ladies of the Red Cross Society will supply afternoon tea, and in addition there will be iced drinks, ice creams, fruit salads, nnd all the sweetest and. nicest edibles. Valuable trophies for the competition have been donated by Mr. Mainland, of Warrnambool, and Mr. Powling. of Framlingham. The Fram-, Iingham Red Cross is a very live concern and the ladies who work so hard for such a splendid cause deserve all the assistance that- can be obtained. A Cobrico correspondent writes:—"In common with all parts of the Western District, farmers of Cobrico are experienc ing difficulty in securing sufficient sup plies of mill offal. In fact much more could be advantageously used than is available, and the men on the land are consequently suffering to an extent. In the fourse of conversation a prominent local fanner informed me that lie was of opinion that, so as not to be continually hampered in this direction, the dairymen and pig breeders would in future grow more feed for their own use, and so bo independent of the city mills. He added that that was the course lie was following, and pointed out that the decision of the Directors of the Cobden Butter Factory to instal a grinding plant opened up a wiiy out of the difficulty. Crushed oats, he stated, were equally as good for cattle as bran, while the supply of pig feed could be made up by grinding the damaged wheat which the Government is now* letting out at a reduced rate, as j well as other grain grown by the farmers. This \youId make an excellent substitute J.for pig feed. The plant at Cobden Butter i Factory will very shortly commence operations, when the situation as regards food for cattle and pigs should almost immediately become more satisfactory. The serious snortage of mill offal will probably have the effect of making the men engaged in the primary industries relv more upon their own efforts, and tho feeling is that in the future thev will grow grain to be turned into feed for their own cows and pigs." ' Mr. Marchant, expert consulting optician, will visit Terang on Monday, 4th February, and may be consulted at tho Commercial Hotel from 1.30 to 6.30 p.m. * j Mr. John Tehan, of Dixie, has received the following letter, dated France. .Nov ember 19, 1917, from hia lew. Private ) Jack Tehan:—"I am quite well and battling along,_ living a day at a time. \\o are out of the trenches for a rest, I in a good big town, and are having a fair time; but the worst of it is the' good tiriles don t last. But we cannot { growl, as things could be a lot worse, W e expect to put in a good winter, and 1 that is a lot. You have no idea what j a winter is like here. I have not met any of the'other boys for a few weeks, but I think they are all well, AVe have had some big fights this last few months and we are more than lucky to all "at out with a whole skin. A good niany°of the lads from our way have gone west. Ion will have heard of them before vou get this note. You will be pleased to hear that I have the D.C.M. I was n '"ew days ago by General •-U" W Mliam Birdwood ; so vou see I have not done my punch. I hope to win a V.C. yet. I will send the medal home as soon as I get it. I am sending mater the piece of ribbon that I got from General Birdwood." A 'B\g fill! yf T(i&lt;j Bargains: Montgomery and Bradshaw's Half-vearlv Grand Fair, for the next 14 days. % ' An unsuccessful attempt was made to "'H' ^'le fimboon railwav station on Thursday night of last week. The would-be thief is set down to be an amateur from the circumstance that he was unable to gain admission through the door which he damaged somewhat ■ii an endeavor to open. The fact that the noise he made was audible in Mr Murphv s hotel resulted in his being disturbed. He immediately decamped and so far his identity has not been dis covered. .Speaking at a meeting of members of the Rejected Volunteers' Association in the Melbourne Tow,, Hall on Wednesday night, Mr. Donald Mackinnon, M.L.A.". Director-General of Recruiting, said ho , ei'n appalled to learn that 27,000 men had been rejected in Victoria. It, seemed to him that there must be some thing wrong with a scheme which turned to 7X' r" Vr"V T'h'; ^Wl thp P],,ck 10 otTcr to fight. He had known of men bei.i" ejected here who had gonp to England and been received with open arms. Somo had returned after a couple of years' S:;:r , he ha.(J never heard of one comin back a rejected or unlit man Rejected men were good material thrown men 45 vr!''P -eal>' 7'lCre Wel'e maln' men 45 yean, ot ago discharged, not for wounds or ill-health, hut for senility, be cau.-L they had reached the age "limit They were g0lng about. their district; doing incalculable harm, because hey were apparently fit men, 'and others, .5 ° * lt'm' wel'c Inclined to s»v that this man w-as stronger than theV. so whv P~kU X. ' a"" TCr?Str^ A!ef\tV Theodore Fink also spoke. Don t miss Montgomery and Brad next' Tt T -V; Grand F"ir 011 Monday £ . It lasts only 14 days. Don't miss tggpipSS K S,orife 'fn'triS t'V "t °! -"Tlh- '"dilutions oi $ Sis ii 42,000 free meals a. week v'u,-SUPP '°S Agent Stationer and News i» l.i»'new »tssj^rJMssis ... tAj 1U13U £150,000 (the cost of' constructing tho oiio "'hundred nnfos of road) by public subscription, and the whole of the work is to be undertaken by returned soldiers as a memorial to all Victorians who took part in the great war. It is claimed that this road, apart from the enormous pleasure to be derived from it by thousands of tourists, will be a sound business proposition, and will bring vast sums of money annually into the towns and watering places en route. It will open up magnificent country still in its virgin state, and capable of growing any thing. The scheme altogether is a big .one, and deserves the serious consideration of residents throughout the area to be served. The Mayor of Geelong will ^elaborate the scheme at this morning's meeting, and is hoped there will be a largo attendance at the Mechanics' Hall at.the appointed hour. It will bo of interest to users, and dairymen generally, that the L.K.G. Milker still retains the premier position with the dairying community. During this year sales have eclipsed all pre vious records. Users who have bucket plants can hare them converted to the overhead pulsator and delirery systems (which haTe been in use in New Zea land and New South Wales for the past six years) at a reasonable cost. Dupli cate parts for all machines can be pro cured- from. G. Atkins, Terang; J. I Walls, ^Campe^down; or W. R, Edgar, The Port Fairy (_• have morning tea, iUl,cj,"*V tea, etc.. at the Lectin' j'r - day, 7th Februarv, ti,.. (l,,! 1'• o: Port Fairy excursion. \" ' t!; well catered for. = ..Mr. \Y. 1-. Xehiil. i,t t received from Li.-ut k commanding oiiice,- „i t'i, Ji A.I.F.. the follow!,,: u,,0'th >tt the death of his so,, I.,,,, rei«t: Xehill:—"i regret to that your sou. X0 355 , imor^ops Joseph Xehiil. died 0f w^1 111 action «n 4/11/-17 il? "?s Hospital. Calais. ;]1„| j . LMh (;.feag* of the -office,'., mm-coramiM1' ? ^ and men o, this battali,,,, 1(1 ^ you our deepest sym,,ltlu who had been with the i . , - -&' its formation, at all rim,. ta >o u-s'P. -If in such a respect, praise. ami • ° 1 Mf'&Srfs ranks by his un^L'dT^n ff devotion to duty UlIf& , cumstances. His death is , 5!'-'^ to the battalion and we -,n etsllMt oss. not only oi a co,e > brave man who «-oftli»K- * )|i:l highest traditions of th-^ \"r3 le,| , . *■' 1H Word Las been received ; f Defence Department bv Mi- ry&lt;> SS his son. Private J. O'th-,,!',. .- aJl tr> Australia. ' •' ls M-j -Miss .Alary .Mack's iJmv Pn , 1 Company gave a fol0 JuJj.lll.k CL the Terang Public Iiall la=t Tn^fl •»S i» aid of the fund fo, r [the Light Horso in 1 members -oi the compailv 4&t*&lt; artistes and every item in'^-V'^ was received with enthusiastic , 01 approval bv the :' were three chorused »jwI'T \\ant 1'ou Dearie." and | m all 01 which a channi,,. ,.i; " I produced by .Miss .U;„v : . ' ! accompaniments. The* chorm^". >ou Dearie was a speciilh- , item and had lo he. u-peated.' ^ ' aiso gave a whisth'11 • Sll], li Mv' f^raby." Tl,e tone w;i' «J', V * :; hke and the rendition i„ tin-";'1- ^ or the pretty old son* thr.i 'V , V. (lie audience. -U-xn -itM" -)|ack whistled '"V.'V Divine. .Miss ibu-v Thif, • » patriotic songs of high ai-ti«i { a stirring and appealing v.-nV' if-"1' numbers were "Khafci Lad"'u and 'There's Only One *-: was recalled for both and -Morning. Brother Sunshine.-" the Old 'World Keen Ti-m P - Lilian Kowe, who i*1 ih*Te ' - fine soprano voice, made ' '•* exquisite effect in he- f11 ' 01 Spring" a,Hi Tojti fA {'i®' as we'l as in the em> r, The Swallows" (Cowem. ' ^ Sandman (Brahms). ««&lt;,- „• ami which she imparts to it. Everv'-i'r® emotion ,s accurately leaded 31 1- ah done quite naturally. Md ,4 anv apparent straining aftereffect! (PhiUin f'St S°llg "A Stri"S 0' H (1 lullips). was a particularly &j formance. In response to a J " &lt;Stekei> was | ^lack s other song 'Tor Em-larfpfl also given with powerful effect a-feA fo lowed by Moie Brahe's "Uo-.v„®| -Mi.-s Eina Penuicott immenselv the .uidience witli a series of cakht®^ comic- items, which resulted l,Y® ■ ir u l)LPIstc,,t recalls. She 4e"°«S being tJ&M Kvo• ' Jol'""y "Hi.- Mm Ljes m response. In the second,* " if '/0 l'roS';'nime .Miss Pennictt ca led four times, and tan- "CaU-Ml T, '^"" t ie,'s "Listen-®^ \ I;^a"le- ' aml ft-gis - j1^ , of Stars" was eso-wl leiidei^d by .Misses Rowe and Marifel -Mis. R. Jennings, by whom the were P^.^cl, also eontJ ^ •g.jon" (Schutt). The violin ol -Miss Lonia Stirling wr,. a trMr? hsten to and was thoroughly sppW fiIt &lt;\ a,Udlf"CC>. „Miss st.rhn:f^'H ,1, A'lclallt,no fLemare) and . ' !.err'°'^-° "'j n',lthusiastic emr4;':M i.eit > Serenade." Late,- in the .he was twice recalled for her pkU>4'::; - lazurka (Wieniawski), and r; A '—, ^Dedla)' GaV°tte &lt;Gosses! :inci ''S;^v, is®; ClU'u- J'hiIVotS, Dental S: Sli.idloith Street, Terang. mav 10 iCm "t-n'c bl'ancIles of dentkirj',:'^' au a.m. till 5 p.m. * Big bargains at Montgomerv and? shaw s Half-yearly Grand Fair iV'Vj next 14 days. * t-U Y -\t Scott's Pictures in the Pub"^'^&lt; to-morrow night the eleventh ch• '1 "V1? -s sensational Shieldms - serial entitled "The Great "Sut "ill be screened. This fine ' triumph is now in its conchidmc 1 " and to-morrow night's instaliiwi , r'A '""i cl.eal'l"S "P nuich of the r • > •ittached to the elusive Shielding t u will be lonnd of deep and absorb, , *, ei est. i'lhs Sweetheart." ,-1 fii/,!,'., Iaramount feature -on the ' gramme, is a beautiful antl ens i drama of exceptional merit- and >1 ... dramatic excellence. Tin- U r- " witli emotion and presents som^'u' "tie character studies. A «[.' , h'.'.'P,' comic, scenic, and tupa , r v :lls0 l)e screened during the e\, ,j ; r,, A attended meeting oi iho I (lotting Club Committee was li Wednesday evening last, when tl ftjj oiamine for the annual trotting ir^ ^ to lie held 011 Saturdav. 2nd Maidf_'&lt; ' 'inanged. The programme dcci4t^'.&lt; was one for .£145 in stakes and weie to be the same as last u\il ,ng that the open hack rare has bti| "»t and a members' trotting race in.'l lh.p /nil.programme will be pubfell a later issue. I ionr ot the happiest reci'iiiis I e\er sworn in." declared Lie'.iteiiajiUJj'S L!Sg- after he had administcrei v.i oa.h ol service to four school clmm- • ^ | Xoorat. The lads—L. B. Applet-y?^ • McLeod. L. Patterson, and V. J,.i 4] iarrant—wlio ;,re all under 21, ■-tnool togetlier. and have remaiwl si> mates. "We schooled together, -if fefft 'J'0 ^'aiit to fijrht together." rcnEfl Appleton. They will enter the Hfe" ">en s Thousand on February 27 slf,; ,;r3r !,V'  ' FROM VARIOUS SOURCES" Running a country newspaper is not all sunshine. A rural editor gives the following hint:—"The fellow who can play billiards, smoke cigars, have six penny drinks, shout for others, trip it to Sydney, go to the races, etc., should not overlook the fact that he owes us a couple of quid." "D'yer see that there old cove com in' outer Jones' pub?" remarked tha way-back leg-puller to a new arrival. "Well, 'e's .the champeun boozer ov this locality. He's been drunk fur a quarter ov a century, an' if 'e wos ter wake up some mornin' an' find 'imself sober I do believe the shock would kill 'im, Twelve months ago 'e wos bitten by a tiger snake, an' badly bitten, too." "Did the man die?" the new chum asked. "No," replied the bushman, "but the snake got blind paralytic drunk." Beauty is only skin deep, but curves is curves. "The Secret of Smart Dress," runs ' a headline in a contemporary. Some of the costumes we have seen recently had nothing secret about them at all. "Johanna" tells this one in the "Bul letin"—An exalted military gentleman in Melbourne found himself beset by an untidy young woman of about 25 in. a suburban street the other morn ing. "You're , ain't you? Well, Bill can't j;o to the war." "My good woman, I " "I tell yeh straight. Bill can't go to the war, an* 'e won't, so there. Bill's engaged t' me; then he goes and enlists t' fight the Ger mans. Well, he won't go, see. He's said he'll marry me, 'n' he ain't goin' t' get off bo easy. I give you my word." Can't you picture Bill in a snow-filled trench, with a bullet in his neck, getting off easy? All men are born free and equal, but the majority of them marry later on. Of troubles connubial, jars and di vorce, This, we believe, is the fruitfullest source; A man falls in love with a dimple or curl, Then foolishly marries the entire girl. There was a man in our town And he was wondrous small. He bought a big barometer And put it in the hall. And when the mercury went down Because of wind and rain, tie climbed on the umbrella stand And shoved it up again. If everybody on earth spoke the truth and nothing but the truth for twenty-four hours, we should find our selves well over the brink of the great est social revolution the world has ever known. Last week (writes "Gossip," of the "Stock and Station Journal") I had two schoolboys staying with me, who were on their way from Bedale's School, in Petersfield, Hants, to Scot land. I took them to all the things we had time for, including the "White City," and the^play of "Grumpy," at the New Theatre.. They had the time 1 of their lives. We visited the Tower of London, and they saw the "Traitor's .Gate," the site of the scaffold where people used to be shortened, the idle soldiers, the ancient "Beefeaters," and all the armor and the guns and swords and crossbows, and weapons( of mur der. They were greatly interested, and when we came out I said, "Now, boys, what interested you most about the Tower? What is the strongest im pression that you bring away from • the old place?" The bigger and older of the two (nearly 15) said:—"Well, my strongest impression, after seeing all the armor and the weapons of war is that the people of those times were fools " Before I had time to express my views, the younger one said, "Well, we're bigger fools now." "Amen," said I to that, and then we talked! "Northerner" writes:—Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain which promises that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though thie is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it self we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti-. cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it. 