 THE POST.! SATURDAY, J AN UARY 24. 1911." fi 6ÎETE0RÔL0GISÂL STATION. The demand for a properly equipped meteorological station in the North, which has been pressed more urgently by Cairns than by any other place, has now been actively ta^en up by 2 ownsville. As the largest town concerned in this question, and as a place which has proved peculiarly liable to cyclonic visi- tations, Townsville does well to. interest itself in the matter. At the present time of the year and under present weather condi- tions, every North - Queensland centre is alive to the importance of the subject. Full details of the big meeting at Townsville are not yet to hand, - but the facts and conclusions which {.'.inrni'n Sunter and the other speakers must have placed before their hearers are already familiar to the majority of Cairns resi- dents. A scheme was outlined bv which, at an estimated cost of under £400. a station could be established for the hurricane season this, year, and as time vas urgent, it was decided to approach the- coastal towns by wire, lt was recognised that the station must be established at Cairns or Townsville, and it was decided to form a commit- tee to approach the shinning firms and others interested. Thi&lt;; rommittee met after the general reeling and decided to send Mr. rlement Wragge a cable at Auck '--î'id, offering him the position fr,r the hurricane season this Year. The Cairns Chamber of Conmerce, which has from first i-iSt done-irood v.-ork in con ruction with this movement, has ? - -rv naturally lost' no . time in reviving thc tome, and the re- port of its deliberations thereon ! will be studied with interest. ¡The value of an allied campaign j was clearly recognised, and it was decided to request the May- or at once to convene a public ! meeting at which representative : Cairnsttes could voice yet once more the urgency of the case, j Cairns has led this Northern ¡agitation in the past, and does !not intend to lag behind at what j may very probably prove a cruc- ial moment. The important fac j or of wireless was also consid- ered, and with reason, for it is here that the most likely solu- tion of the whole difficulty lies. This is not- the time for labor- ing j the reasons which actuate he Chamber and the' people pf Cairns, as. also, pf Townsville and the North generally, v It: is a tale that is told;' to which.'nothing can be added.'beyond reiteration. The South hás heard the. story, and., has .no denial to give. Evasion and excuse.are all that have ever been offered to put of] the Northern, claim: Stich. £ policy can be suffered no longer Durtue the latter half of thi year just closed, the fine weather season, there, was. more serious and frequent delay in communi- cation with the South than was ever before known. It was prov- ed that even under-apparently favorable conditions, no denendT ence whatever was to be placed on. Southern advices. No w:onder that when1 the ?? hurricane ' season approaches, the North rouses, it sflf in the" determination rthnt something must , be done, and that right quicklyl . The present opportunity must hot be let slip. Seldom has such unanimity been displayed. Townsville is comT municating with "the other coast- al towns, and not in Cairns oulv but in manv other centre's I will meetings be held. Should ithe ordinary authorities stilL re I fuse to- assist, \ tSe-' ssggestion, of taking independent action for ourselves must be carried out.  INTERESTING RENT CLAIM. 9 Cyclone Damaged Cottage. An interesting case affecting thc liability of a person who occupies a house which was damaged by the cyclone was heard before Mr. W. G. Ashton, Acting P.M., at the Small Debts Court, when E. H. Petersen sued Wm. Bradbury for £12/12/, al- leged to bc due for rent of a cottage in Byron Street, says the "Mackay Mercury." Edward Herman Petersen stated: I am a clerk and own a cottage in Byron ..Street. . In September, 1917, defendant came to me and asked me if I had a house to let. I told him I would have one in about five cr six weeks' time. He said that would do, and inquired what thc rent would be. I replied 14/ per week. He said that would suit, and later on got the keys from rae. On January 21 st of this year a cyclone occurred, and after-it abated, on the following Saturday (January 26) I went to have a look at the house. Defendant was not there. On the Sunday he came to my father's house and said, "You have all bad hard luck." I replied, "Yes." He said, "But your house did not shape too bad; there was not a leak at all right through the cyclone." He asked me when I could have re- pairs made, and I told him as soon as possible. It was very difficult to get carpenters and laborers at that time. I did not see defendant again for about a month, when he again called upon me, and asked when I was going toget the house fixed up. I told him I liad approached differ- ent contractors but they could not undertake to do the work as they had too much to do at - present. . I eventually had the place repaired at a cost of £22. Defendant returned to the house on February 2nd. On that day he called me into the house and said, "You are a nice sort of chap not cleaning the house out." I told him I thought it was his duty to do that, as he was renting the place. He said he was leaving the house the next day on account of the smell about thc place. I replied that all houses had a smell about them at that time. He left the house on February 3 and did not return until April 13. Between February 2 and. April 13 he frequently went to the house and used the stove. His fur- niture was still in the house. Be- fore I issued a summons for the re- covery of rent, I offered to submit the matter to arbitration, but defen- dant declined and advised me to take further action. Since the cyclone I have had other people wanting to rent the house. Cross-examined : I am not the owner of the land on which the house was situated. It is owned by the Town Council. It is_ a reserve. I understand the Council will not sell it but they lease it. My father leases it from the Council at £2 per an- num for ten years, and I lease it from him. Mr. Bradbury left the house thc day after the cyclone. The house was partly damaged by the storm; it was partly off the blocks. The blocks are 2ft. oin. out of the ground and one portion of the house was resting on thc ground and the other on the stumps. The fire recess was blown away and the stove de-" posted in thc yard. It was put back into position a couple of days later. The bathroom was washed away from the main building and an outhouse deposited under the bedroom window. It was possible to sleep in the house. I consider that had I not been able to have the place repaired for twelve months the tenant should have paid me rent seeing the place was fit to live in; I .consider I would'be get -ting';fdir treatment if a landlord treat- ed me'in the same way as I am treat- ing the'defendant. Bradbury did not, say to me, "The house is not fit to live in; I cannot bring my wife here; and I will not live in it." I did not say. "It is not fit for a woman to live in." nor did 1 tell him that my wife would not live in ber house. I left my own house and have not bce.n back to it since. I am renting it. It was re- paired before defendant's house, and I did not live in it up to the time it was repaired. I told Bradbury I had a good offer for the house, but did not say I had been offered £345 for it. Portion of defendant's furniture was washed away. Bradbury told mc the water rose 3ft. in the house. I know that Bradbury used the stove after the cyclone because I saw him doing so through the window. Bradbury of- fered me the rent for a fortnight prior to the cyclone and from April 13, but I declined to take the money. Robert Bradbury stated : I know plaintiff's house in Byron Street oc- cupied by the defendant. I saw the cottage shortly after the cyclone,, and was prepared to rent it. I considered it fit to live in. Cross-examined : I have not been in thc house since the cyclone, but from what I could see from the foot- path I was prepared to pay 14/ per ' week for the house even in the condi- tion it was in at thc time. The house would haye satisfied my requirements as it then stood. John O'Sullivan, carpenter, stated : I know plaintiff's cottage in Byron Street. A month after the cyclone I asked Petersen if he had the cottage formerly occupied by Bradbury to let. I was prepared to pay anything up to £1 per week for the house. Cross-examined : I did not know what condition the house was in, but I knew it had a roof on. I could have afforded to pay £1 per week for a house for four or five weeks until I got a place to live in. This closed the casev for the plain- tiff. Wm. Alfred Bradbury stated : I am a returned soldier from France and hold a clean .discharge. I made I ï^èin^ed^n'e^^ 1917, to January 21, and paid rent up to January 9th. During the cyclone flood water came" through thc house to a depth of 41't. 6in., and the place was washed off the blocks by thc tidal wave. Thc back door was burst open, the petitions of the house were car- ried back at least seven inches, two doors were wrenched oft, and fire place was carried away, and an out- house-was removed. Thc building was shifted from 20 to 24ft., one side on the ground, thc other resting on the blocks. The bathroom was car- ried over the fence to an adjacent.al- lotment to the side of Mr. Petersen's house. None of the doors in the house would close, and seven win- dows were damaged. Thc stove was out in the yard in a damaged condi- tion, the water pipes were disconnect- ed, the steps to the house were un- safe, the floors were warped and in thc bedroom the floor was cracked by one of the posts. I lost a good deal oí ny furniture. I left the house about midday on January 21 and got shelter at the Post Office for fourteen days The house was not habitable. On thc Thursday after the cyclone I saw Petersen, who promised, in the pres- ence of Mr. Smith, to have my house repaired the first dry week. About a fortnight later Petersen said he would cet the house "up ns soon as he co-J.d. I said I am shifting my things, whai little blt is left is.hardly worth shift- ing, and it is no!use hustling round looking-for a carter as the Council has them employed. Plaintiff agreed. After leaving the Post Office I took my wife back to the house. I strap-" ped the bed to the floor of the dining' room. Thc next morning I told Peter- sen I could not live there and he said, "Why not go over to* my'house; it is level on the ground ?" I said, "Are i not you going to live in it ?" He re- plied that his wife would not listen to j going back there. I said I would hot rent a house in that condition and was shifting down to Mrs. Wragge's place. 1 went and stayed there un- til April 13, and during that interval shared the rënt-with them. I went back to Petersen's house on April 13, ¡ind the carpenters were working there for three days after that. The place is not properly repaired yet. I replaced the stove about four days after I returned to the house. It was on the verandah. I did not use the stove after the cyclone until we re- turned to the house on April 13. On the following Wednesday I tendered Petersen the rents for the time I was occupying the house. He said "What about the fourteen weeks you . were out of it ?" I said, "You don't ex- pect me to pay for that, do you?" He said, "You don't expect me to' stand all the loss of the cyclone?". I said, "I understand it was distribut- ed fairly well; no one has offered to share mine." He said he would make me pay thc rent, and I said, "It is a fair dispute, I will test it" Eventual- ly I got a summons for the rent., Prior to this Petersen suggested get- ting four or five disinterested persons to arbitrate, but I declined to agree to this course. Cross-examined : I gave notice ter- ' minatin'gmy tenancy on January 23 or 24. It was a verbal, notice. Dur- ing the fourteen weeks Ï claim I have not to' pay rent I visited the house two or three times a week to feed my cats. The furniture in the house was mine. I do not suggest anybody else had a tendency of the place, besides myself. There was no new tenancy created between Petersen and my- self only when I returned to' the house. When I left the house I in- tended returning to it when it was re- paired. . Re-examined : I allowed my fur- niture to remain in the house because Petersen agreed to it. Had I known I would have had to pay rent I would have moved everything. Tilomas Brand stated : I inspected Petersen's house in Byron Street on January 28; It was not in a good con- dition for a tenant. I went for the purpose .of inspecting what was left of the furniture, which was purchased for Bradbury by the War Council. There was practically nothing left in the house ; it was not habitable. , Robert Harris Smith, a lineman employed by the Telegraph Depart- ment, also gave evidence in respect to a conversation which took place be- tween Bradbury and the plaintiff." This concluded the evidence. A verdict was given for plaintiff for amount paid into court, ¿4/18/, but costs amounting to ¿1/18/, were "or- dered to be paid by plaintiff.  TOWNSVILLE DETEB3TIÎÎED. A meeting of ' the committee ap- pointed at the recent meeting called to consider a proposal to engage Mr. C. I.. Wragge to conduct a. weather Bureau in North Queensland during the cyclonic season was held at tha office of the sacretary on Tuesday afternoon, says the "Bulletin." It oras resolved that owing to thef ne- gotiations with Mr. Wragge having fallen through, a letter be addressed ' to the Government ashing if the Wea- ther Department would find a resid- ent officer for Townsville, and supply the necessary data to him during the j present cyclonic season, and in such I Case would they not see their way. to ray all expenses. what, amount j would they require to he paid by the ! focal committee. | _;_ ' i  CORRESPONDENCE« (We do not hold ourselves raspon 1 sible for the opinions expressed by our correspondents.) METEOROLOGICAL, STATIONS. ' (To tho Editor "Post" and "Herald.") Sir,-A paragraph appeared in a Melbourne paper o£ the 17th Sep- tember, which stated that Senator Maughan had requested in the Sen ate that "a more efficient system of weather warning stations should be established in the cyclonic arcas along the Queensland coast." In this connection, I would ask *hat has happened to the most complete chains of oHsfrving sta- tions that I personally established there, and equipped with the best instruments that London can pro- duce when I was in charge of the Queensland meteorological service ? f read further that Mr. ' Hunt "has completed arrangements that will I make Brisbane an up-to-date meteor Iological station, equipped with in- struments specially made to suit the northern climate." Surely-.there.;--is ? such a thing as justice in Austra- lia, and in that sacred cause pray .MIffg ug^r^peafcNaaav^.WaîujBÎ, my life's work gone for nothing ? For 16 years I was head, of : the Queensland Meteorological Depart- ment, and during that time I estab- lished, as thc Hon. Robert Philp fully admitted, "a meteorological and weather warning system second to none in the world." The Brisbane station was Srst-claas in every, res- pect when I had charge, and in ig- noring this a cruel wrong has been done to me. Is all my work ir Queensland, faithfully done to thc last item, to be thus negatived, and not a word of credit accorded ' Storms were warned and forecasts issued by me that were verified t&lt; 95 per cent, in accuracy, and not only was this done for Queensland but for, every;., part of j Australasia as the people will remember. Ant all this on an annual vote c £1500, as ' against £22,000, I bc lieve, now expended bj' the Federe Weather Bureau. Great goodness .what do; they, do' with tho -mohey The Koombana went down, and s did. the Yongala without, it a] pears, a word of warning. Th Commonwealth Meteorologist a fO' days ago performed grotesque e: periments in Melbourne, showir how the latter steamer foundered. Mr. Hunt talks of i'nstrumen specially suited to the northern c mate. This is mere tnoonshin Standard instruments such as I .ca ployed and personally fixed in pos tion over the whole of Quecnslan including Cape York Peninsula, ai the far west, are available' ¿il t world over, and the sooner t Minister in charçje realises this, ai asks a few questions, the better will be for ^ lb«a;Uó««rto«''-??'??.> though the heavens fall ! I guarantee that if¡ I were residí either at Cairns, Townsville, Bow Mackay, or Rockhampton during . hurricane season, with my o private instruments, not a sto should- slip through my fingers wi out most ample warning be given. In conclusion, I am v&lt; decidedly of opinion that, in exi ing circumstances, a special weat bureau should be established North Queensland, say at'Cairns Townsville, entirely independent Commonwealth control, and sooner it is done the better..:.Sui Queensland' will listen to my voil -Yours, etc.. CLEMENT L. WRAGGE, F.R.G.S.,_F.R. Met. Soc., etc. Late Government Meteorologist of Queensland.  WRAGGE'S PREDICTION. .In view ôf stsbsebuent happenings and present weather indications, ii is interesting to reprint th; follow- ing, remar ;s from an article on the s:m soot theory, written by Mr. Clement Wragge in 1906, and pub- lished in 3Iay of that year : "It takes the sun just ab~>ut threî and a half years to get from the time of its "oiver energy to tte time of the highest ensrgj--and then the opposite change gradually begins you will reach the crest ot the wave about December, 1904-good seasons will pnibably embrace 1906 and part of 1907. Then, if yoi are wise, you will be prepared to see tile season's gradually grow drier, with the disappearance &lt; of the "sun spots." At last, wit'iin 1912-13 you will probably reach the climax in another drought, but not so severe as th-; ia; it one. Many foolish folk will cry on;e more, "'Oh. 0ld Wränge is mad !" I am barely in my prime-jut I shall not «jiarrel with them over my age or my Innwljdge. Let thsm go on thinking that my brain is as stip- pled as the plums in. "spotted do,'." What does it matter ??- I have spo en the truth-and ever remera: there is no higher religion. Well ! Watch (ind prove my. "tlfeories" f0r yourselves ! The sun will soon bo in the height of his energy-int tba Zenith of his valuable career, with his gi£i_ntic cyclones an:l anti- cyclones in full play. " "Watch" the l>«_>ers and the cablegrams, and vou will surely read of heavy dis "SSaíteía, Australia, ?- Xew Zeal- and, Tasmania ind Antarctica." Thi .?bregiaing. iras wxitttTv-nearly five ¡cad a half years ago, and it is in- teresting to note how far the pre iliction has been verified by happen. ¡ogs -apid present iniîc&tions. -  TH E PO ST. j TUESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1313. JR HüBT CSiíHISED. Since the reply of Mr. Hunt to the deputation from the Cairns Chamber of Commerce, which waited upon him to ask that a mereorological station be estab- lished here in order to expedite storm warnings, the Common- wealth Meteorologist has been subjected to a good deal of criticism. The latter has not come from people with only a very cursory and superficial knowledge of the subject, but from experts who are in author- ity to speak, and whose utter- ances command attention and respect. A few days ago ' the "Post" published a letter from "M.v. Clement. WraRgc, t\\c ve- ri owned meteorologist.--and. in'tb«' course of his remarks the latter said : "The Koombana went down, and so did the Yongala, without, it appears, a word of warning. Thc Commonwealth Meteorologist a few days ago performed grotesque experiments in Melbourne, showing how the latter steamer foundered; Mr. . Hunt talks of instruments speci- ally "suited to the northertf'dim ate. This is mere moonshine. Standard instruments such" as" I employed and personally ;fixed-ia position over the whole ot Queensland, including Cape . York Peninsula and the Far West, are available all the world overhand the sooner the Minister in charge realises this, and asks a few questions, the better it v will be for a long-suffering public and shipping. Let justice be done, though the heavens fall í I guarantee that if I were resident either at Cairns, Townsville, Bowen, Mackay; or Rockhampton during the hurricane season, with, my own private instruments, not a storm should slip through my fingers without most ample warning being given. In con- clusion, I am very decidedly of opinion that, in; existing circum- stances, a special weather bureau should bc- establish-'' in North Queensland, say at Cairns or Townsville, entirely independent of Commonwealth control, and the sooner it is done the bettes. Surely Queensland will listen to my* voice I" What has Mr. Hunt. .-to^^v-T^rrfc^^^^iScEul^ and convincing utterances of Mr. Wragge, who knows what he is. talking about, because his know- ledge of meteorology is- unchal- lenged ? Surely Mr. Hunt's re- marks about telegrams between Cairns and Brisbane and Cairns and Townsville occupying the same time in transmission. pale into insignificance when. placed beside the telling arguments of Mr. Wragge. During the course of his reply to the Cairns Cham- ber of Commerce, Mr. Hunt over ¡md over again displayed the fact that he could not get the idea out of hts head that, because' a few thousand people were liv- ing within the cyclone belt they were not entitled to as much at- tention as, if not greater than - iny thousands outside that , lt. Let it bc granted that Vewcastle has violent storms at ! different periods of .the- year, I pl>o allow the statement. that Geelong has unwelcome disturb- ances pf Nature, that does - not counteract or mitigate the death dealing cyclonic infernos to which North Queensland is subjected in the first few months of' the year.' i The grim fact was mentioned to Mr. Hunt that between Towns- ville and Thursday Island more people had been drowned to the j square mile than in any other part of Australia, and the Com- monwealth Meteorologist did not deny it, but he was adamant to the request of the Chamber for a meteorological station in North Ouecnsland, The criticisms, .of Mr. Hunt's reply have led _to: more than one question being asked in the House of Represen- tatives by Queensland members who know what a northern cy- clone is, and the Postmaster-Gen- eral has promised to call for ~a full and exhaustive report on the subject. Mr. Hunt made sever- al allegations against the ship- ping compánies, one being that masters were hauled over .the i coals if they did not run theil vessels to time, and another I that, .although , lie : had arrangée Ator tùc ' transmission "Ot wirclc* weather messagesMree his offe had met with no response. Bot' . these. allegations have been de nied by the shipping companies and in this connection it is ir teresting to note the remarks c Captain Irvine, of the Inn? mincka, who went .through tbi year, oft Cairns, .what tis pas: engers described as "the vor te bf "a hell let loose/' The ri marks referred to were contaii ed* in a letter which was printe in the "Post" on Monday. Ca] tain Irvine, after referring ti and giving instances of thc ui reliability of weather forecas: issued in the South, went on 1 say:'"It is hardly worth whi remarking on the statemei made "by the Commonweal! Meteorologist to the -Cain deputation, that ship maste were forced to sea by the : sh owners, to encounter hurrican or any weather. But there a a great many persons who. ( not read the forecasts.; ai they might. think that there some truth in the statemei The Australian ship masters ha lost too much by hurricanes wish their ships to meet then it means at least a very hea repair bill, ? perhaps1 a total los and ship owners like their rnoi] just as much as other peop' The Australian ship masters a no more anxious to meet hur canes than the meteorologi: and they would like to keep far away from them as he doe; but unfprtuiiately^tliey^.Ac*nn£ and' that is just exactly why t Cairns Chamber. o£ Commei asked him for a station in t cyclone belt. They did not a him to transfer the station fn Brisbane, as he informed 1 Press they had done. They a: ed on behalf of the seamen, I travelling. ' public, ~ the; NOT Queensland people; and Austr ians at large, that a competí meteorologist bc sent to 1 cyclone belt to studv these h ricanes. Was it too much ask for, seeing that there is ha Iv a family in North Oueenslj that has not.given its share the death roll of thp cyclone sea and on; land ? We have li some of our best men, our b friends, and our best ships them. , If blood is the price the station, we have bought fairly." In .the. face;of.such c dence, cán the Commonwea Government turn a deaf ear ? exhibit indifference to the dang- ers which beset North Queens- land in the cyclonic belt?* The urgency of the situation demands, nromot action, and it is hoped , it will be-taken. ' ¡  \ MAa^RS MprrB0JRÓl>OGlCA.L. ; "* (To tho Editor.) Sir,-Your, article, in yesterday's. , issue headed."The Cyclone Area" calls for' a reply. First the state- ment about the equipment at . the Cairns' Post .Office is not correct., Secondly, the wisdom of placing the instruments under the control of .the Harbor linter is very .questionable.. .Your.¡reasop for ,;th,is'Jjmoyq._is,>.tl^ti tlïe" "Harbor -Master is''an''expert'.'^¡tn* these matters?"I know, of-at least; four of the local telegraph officials .who have had nearly 20 years' ex- perience at various sta/tioia in Queensland, and may be as expert, perhaps more so, than the Harbour Master, who I think gained some of his experience at Cape Cleveland j where the Townsville instruments some years ago were placed at the / pilot station. - j The only argument likely, to 'be \ advanced for a change of situation is ; the rain gauge is too sheltered' in its position; but the Cairns gauge is in a position which accord- ing to ofc'al measurements is clear of "all obstruction.' The Harbor Master may have more tinie . to 'niaVe a special s'tudy et: the: instruments than the Telegraph ?officiais, but again . would the change, be -desirable ? There are times when' the .whole of the .pilot "service """-ia;: required - away from port," as'was the case this month' when searching for "the Dancing "Wavel "" During "the Pilot's absence who weuld be there to take the .¡readings at ?.-a.m.,,3 .p.m. and 0 p.m. While at the Tele- graph ' office there'".; is'- always a .trained, maui iri.i attendance. Th? average man ' seems to think tho .officials can .send any sort of'read- ings down; that is not li'fely. Tm mcdiat'ely . a . wrong ' readinj. is re- ceived in Brisbane, a wire is ? S'nt asking for; a . correction. This : ma&lt;ces . thc o'iicers careful. tJ am sure had you inquired, the local officials, would have informed you the;following, is "the équipaient: at' Ca'rns : A. standard -barow&lt;-. ?.¡er: with!'th-rtronnetCTjjattached. rThlBi 'is^a.1'soíciidid; instrument -' (not 'an aneroid as .is nt, the Harbor Master's office). In tlie screen at tho "bask of '^tho' * office is. a barograph, ther- mograph, drv bulb, wet bulb, maxi- 1 mum and minimum thcnnomr.ters, and in*^the yard, the rain jrauye. Under Cleoictit. Wr'aggû's control, . rea-dings of thf'sé instruments- were wired twice daily, n'-d the night reading cnrefullvr recorded. In adr i dition also wore vfired, direc- tion and forcer kimi of cloud and amount, direction of upper an-.! lower clouds and-' rate, .state (of spa, : also nnythimr of spacial rote at tho time oftaking, the ohs?rvation. ". ?> . -: - ¿lt .Captain; Sunter- is reported; car-": .rect.lv,- he! is .a rt little: . previous1 --'tin condemning tho ? . locaj;. equipment, .which t doubt whetherrhe'-knows exr lsta, and further, never has seen tha instruments. Hcrapparrntly ' has a brief for ..the-Harbour master in ad- vocating the .transfer. What are his readings. ? . : : .I think the public prefer the know- ledge .of- ClenwntvWrojge to that" of our .wcJüld-be l0cal meteorolog- ista- or- experts.' '.,?: Some years ago Wragge gave a i very interesting lecture in Oairna it was. most instructive and .' was illustrated by magic lantern slides. He fully explained the necessity, of procuring reliable data, when fore- casting ¡these disturbances. Headings had to be procured .fi om N.W.. Aus- tralia. Port Darwin, the', whole of Queensland and Southern stations« while the establishment of a station, ' at-''New Caledoniawas invaluàbîe, having daily reports from there. The places mentioned by Captain Sunter are totaïlj; inadequate, should a disturbance be forming off the. coast say', between New Guinea and New Caledonia. ". The former place no doubt is a valuable assist- ance to' the meteorologist. All Queensland Stations are equipped to their grades. 1 The first class stations on tho coast known to the writer, are Cooktown and "îiàckay. The latter place has a very largo and "váriahle set of instruments, Cairns, Towns- ville end Bowen second-class ; ¡ while Port Douglas, Innisfail, Dungeness, (now: Lucinda),' third classr ' I can't remember what Cardwell's cla?s is. Had Clement Wragge been ' at tho head of affairs it is highly probable the recent awful catastrophes would have" been avoidod. His forecasts .were always at least 1* hours ear- lier and moro accurate than is now the ; case.. . . Take ai Cairns experience and ¿jake a Comptriipn. Nineteen years ago' next '. April, we . had ¿-"heavy blow./ Wragge, with* head «-juar ' puru ': in','- Briafjane; *give'^r: ? warn¿' in¿ *of 'fiiHy= boura of it* J- ap- proach;. -He ' foretold the direction nt line wind, and what direction it would come from at a' later stage. Rather a contrast to what happened two years ago, when the first spec- ial w-nVning we e&lt;oti was in it-he middle of the blow. Now look for the cause, of thc present conditions : Some years back thp Queensland Governmrnt commen- ced retrenching,'¡ amongst which in their wisdom (?) the meteorological department was singled1 out. , The most capable meteorologist in'. Aus- tralasia was dispensed with, and the Bureau attached to the Hydraulic Engineers' . Department. x ^All ? coun- try stations were advised'to." curtail the weather reports, " which un- doubtedly interfered with efficiency. Was there ever a protest against this ? Later,- thei Commonwealth Go- vernment took over the whole of the meteorological stations and eq- uipments and mnde the Hesjd Centre at .Melbourne since which time,' ' as far ns the Northern portions of Queensland are/ concerned, it has been very, -nns-jft¡pf actoryv To'jraniedy this,: th»..m.ojt important item is I to go'for af wireless station.;.? ' All' along, oiir.^ coast linc ";">: adoring . the ¡ hurricane season', ' th-; '-telegraph; lines" áreí'jdówn jin'- many'parts, which ? causes big/ delays .'.wherras if .'wirer' 'ess had'been "available, valuable live"! would be saved and immense monetary losses avoided. Perhaps with - the meteorological centre in Brisbane, quicker and ear- lier forecasts would result. If our local governing bodies took' up thc matt»r of a wireless stntion for Cairns, and advocated the "Centr-tl Station ,at Bristten?1, .?grrta.'b benefit td> "thees*,parta' would ¡assuredly- re-^ snlt,: ."by .eeeiiriiisr the ' iwiK-ices" ad-. vocated. . Regarding the '12 hours delay it might apply to ordinary forecasts, during an interruption ; but with communication through, a special forecast is at its destination within half an hour of bcin&lt;r hari'I cd in at Brisbane.-Yours etc. ' J. G. HOARE, j  Town and CountryK | NOTE.-AU commrajoitlona inten-« Oed for this column will have to he «ccampatiied hy thc Hame and ad- dress of the sender. -Let your toilet soap be Violet Oatmeal. It's a pure sonp free from excess of soda or fat-9d cak,?, 2/ , box. Kelly. Chemist., * -Mr. S. K. page is spending a iew days at Double Island ,polni. -Mr. F. Thompson, . returned t0 Port Douglas yesterday ba the Mourilyan. ? ' -Miss Beatrice Holloway is pay- ing a visit to Double Island ipoint. -The Premier, Hr. I>. F. Denham, passes through by the Suva this morning for Cooktown, returning to- morrow night and proceeding on to Townsville, -Nothing harmful in it' pleasant to tate ; the children like it. I've sold a lot of it and will sell a lot more, its so good. Pine Tar Cough SyçuH VG bottle. Collins, in Lake St., Cnemist (by exam.) -Mr. R. 'A. Hay arrived from)'Mel- bourne jnsterday to join the mechanical staff of the "Post" as paper. ruler. -Mrs. J. Earl returned yesterday, from the south by the Mourilyan. -Mr. P. J. McDermott, Chillagoe, ?was a visitor to town 0q Sunday for the funeral of the late Mr. Munro. -As soon as word came through that the strike was declared ofT, rush was made for Ililluian's shop for now suits of thc very latest pat- tern^ and prices to snit the times. Hillman's, the home of good tnilor : taft. Abbott Street. Cairns. * . ... ->*ursè- .Rr%:~'TWb^Â^iveïi" from the south by the Mourilyan yesterday to take np the position matron of the Cairns Hospital. -Mrs. E. Helmnn arrived from thc. south yesterday. -Mr. J. G, Anderson, representing Warren's famous teas, returned yes- terday from n visit to the Ingham and Johnstone River districts, and_ leaves this morning for Port Doug -Doherty and Co. for Mineral Wntero «nd Cordials Double Soda and Horehound a speciality. Sachs street. Cairns.* -Mr. D. R. Dodds, who tas been on holidaji, has resumed his posi- tion as ? third officer of the Marloo. -Mr. and Mrs. R. C. F. Gelling I returned last evening froïa a visit | to Double Island Point. -Mr. John Mann -will address tho Cairns electors in the Shire Hall [ this evening, and he issues a cor- dial invitation" to ladies to. be pre- sent' -It's worth while using Electric Nursery Hair Wash occasionally. It strengthens and keeps the children'r heads clean-1/ .bottle. Kelly, Chem- ist.» The "Tableland .Examiner" last week apologised for literary short ïvnings on account of the Illness of the editor, Mr. Collinson. It is to he' hoped the necessity for a repe tion will be obviated by his rest0raf tion to health. -Yesterday, (Easter Monday) was observed as a close holiday in town. There were several picnic par tics to various localities, and 300 excursionists visited Port Douglas in the Mourilyan. -Two hundred remnants of Lino- leum, we would like to have but as there ia only a limited! number, get along to A. .T. Draper's "as soon as you can for the bargains will quick- ip sell.» - -The steamer Mataram, en route to Singapore, arrived at the an- chorage yesterday, afternoon. Tho vessel shipped a quantity of ore at this port and was expected to resume her voyage nortjh at an i early hour this morning: j -The Marloo leaves lor southern] Ports to-morrow at 5 p.m. j -" Our Jack.*'-Look .. for . tbi" j brand on Coffee Essence, Ccrry S i-'owder. Pure Pepper, Hot Punch, ¡j .Telly Crystals. Soup and ? Gravji ' Essence, Baking Powder, etc, etc. They are perfect.* -Mails for the south by the Mar- loo to-morrow close for packets aril newspapers at 2.45 p.m., ordinary letters at 3.45 p.m., and late iee letters . at 4 p.m. The southern mail bji the Suva tq-morrow closes at 7.45 P-mï -5fr. Andrew McLadfian, for. manjV years a. highlji respected miner ot I Eidsvold, and father ot Mt. veter ilftLachlàn, M.L.A., diedi in Brisbane a ow dnys ago, aged 79 years. j ' -^fr. Clement iL. Wragge .vrites from Chiltern (Vic,), under date ,of 1 March 29 : -'Just alfow rúe o say, in simple justice, that if the central weather bureau in Brisbane had \)cen in existence-the annual vote for which did not exceed £1000 ur an- num- three daysj warning at least would have been given of tho re- cent cyclone off the north-west coast bf Australia. -Remnants of linoleum are now hoing sold at A. J. Draper's Curni [ lure warehouse. Be an early bird and get away with a choice bar- gain.» -Mr. John MacKiehan. formerly the manager of the Union Trusten Company^ and previously a well known grazier, died in Malvern (Melbourne) a few days ago. Tne deceased, who -was 73 years of age, had been connected with the com- pany! since its inception. His wife predeceased him some years ago and he leaves three daughters and two sons. -The Hon. R. Philp left by. tho Demosthenes from Fremantle on his way to the Old Country. -Mosquitoes are still rampant and Craig's "Skeeto-3ane" is in greater j request than ever. Gives sure pro- tection from the sinful pests. 1/ boitles. Tosted 1/3. Robert Craig Chemist,-* -Mr. R. 'Stewart, manager ofR0ss» River meatworks, left Townsville by the Grantala on Thursday for Bris- bane, where he will assist in. ? tho direction of the company's operar tions at headquarters during the absence of Hon. R. Philp. . -It isn't sticky. You can úse on jour hands and draw '. on. ' your ']"tlcû~arr^?ôi "irectOc ~-Sit' gooO al- together for the skin. "Thora:" Freckle Cream, 1/6 pot. Collins, in T.ake Srreet, Chemist (by exam- ination).* . . The Government Statistician cives the population of the Tinaroo Shire district (including part of Eacham Slhire at the time included m. Tin- aroo) at 3rd April, 1911 :. Males. 2092, females 1152 ; total 3214.. -For aching heads, rheumatism, and neuralgia there is no remedy like tîie "Mulgrave Headache Cure," lt. cures quickly and surely, con- tains no opiate or injurious drug, and should be in every, home. 2/6'.a bottle. 3/ posted. Sole" proprietor, Robert, Craig, Chemist.* -Over SO tons of tin concentrates were shipped from Herberton last week, being the product of local mines. Thursday's train conveyed 45 tons of tin, the result of a fine crushing of the Rainbow mine, valued at £6650. -Mr. J. Hooper, Cairns, was yes- terday married to Miss Lily Walton, in St. Alban'sChurfh of England, by the Rev. H. Wooilger (says the "Tohnstoni; River Advocate" of the 4th instant. The wfdding presents were numerous, -lust landed another supply .of Bishop's Citrate of Magnesia-in large bott'es orj? shiHin-i each. Cit- rate of Magnesia is on? of the most, valuable of rooVng m"Uirinis. and being very pleasant to take, is es- pecially nriapte'd for the young folk. Robert Craig. Chemist.* -The steamer Palmer arrives to da.v&lt; en route to Part T>ou^.las, hav- ing temporarily replaced the Ku- randa.  The Lost Koombana . Whaî Wragge Says , (By. Telegraph.) . PERTH!,, Wednesday.-.' In connec- tion wran the- Joss of! Port Head- land, on the north-west coast, ol thc Adelaide. Steamship Company's liDe steamer,. Koombana, Mr. Clem- ent Wragge,.. who at one time was in charge of. the Queensland Meteor, ological Department, bas .britten to the papers on storm forecasting. Mr. Wragge,: in effect, states ? that if the Central Weather' Bureau ? in Brisbane were - in i existence now,, threo days' warning, at leash, would have been given of tho re- cent cyclone 'which caused such -des- truction and loss of life, an&lt;| tho wrecking : of : the Koombana..There le - much diMimion «and : comment here . on. the «abject . matter, of ; ; .'Sr.-;  BABINDA NOTES. I I (For the "Post" and "Herald.") i _ if Clement Wragge was a resident of this area at thc present time, and was asked to expresse an opinion on the weather, no doubt the verdict would be very peculiar, owing to tropical disturbances. The mornings are hazy and foggy, and then when old Sol takes sway, the heat is al- most unbearable-hot, humid, stifling heat, with scarcely a breath of na- ture's pure, fresh air-those condi- tions last until about mid-day, and then comes* another change. Far away to the north the dark and threatening clouds begin to gather, and thc continual rumbling of thun- der and vivid*flashes of lightning pre- dict that we arc in for a good old j thunderstorm, but so far, as the nig- ger would say, it's only gammon. .Certainly we have had a few smart showers, and on the nth we had a young cyclone; but it was that light and of such short duration that it is scarcely worth recording. However, there is no occasion for any person to predict a drought for this area, for no doubt it is only a matter of time when the usual bountiful downpour will come in earnest, and- our present con- ditions clearly foretell the coming of heavy rain. There is and always has been a peculiarity that exists in those sugar area's, and'that-is-the number of strong and- apparently healthy-looking men who will make your acquaintance quick and lively. Their trouble is al- ways a shortage of cash, and they have no hesitation in asking for a bit of yours, just enough to tide them over their difficulties, and once more allow them to enjoy the good old pot of beer. This privilege, I am sorry to say, is hall-marked, and held exclu- sively by the Britisher, for on no oc- casion have I known the foreigner qr colored gentleman to take on this bailing-up game. All sugar areas can boast of this unmanly piece of busi- ness, and Babinda is no exception to the rule. Mooliba way the same old co.ndi : tions are still in existence, and the I battle against weeds and pests is a I heartbreaking ordeal, and means for the producer a lot of worry, hard toil and an early grave. On Buckland's road it is much about the same, and j after an inspection I only saw one I holding that could be classed as a I farm, and was fairly free from weeds; I but this part is not alone in its efforts to go straight while crooked legisla- tion wills it otherwise. From the South Johnstone and the Burdekin I have received letters that tell the same old tale--toil all day and worry all night, and no prospect of any ease j or pleasure in the future that has to come. It is glorious for the producer to be always staring at a sea of dif- ficulties and carrying a mountainous load of anxiety and worry. Babinda mill has stopped chewing cane for this season, but some of the machinery has to be kept in motion during the dark and lonely hours of the night, for the State Hotel must have light. There are some who are not in the know, but would anxiously like to know, if this bit of expense is going to be added on to the accumulated load that thc producers are carrying, or will the beer-suckers have to bear some of the burden. I was always under the impression that we had a sort of "fix your prices affair." Per- haps I'was dreaming: but I know that I get a shock from stern reality when I go for the daily allowance of bul- lock-one shilling per pound, please. ! Just fancy, one shilling per pound for I scrag in civilisation. It is simply a I case-of fix your prices right enough. During the week Babinda has been well supplied with amusement, and the picture hall has been kept going at high pressure. The Archer Com- pany had a crowded house, and it is really wonderful where all the spare cash comes from in this part. I notice where Dr. Knowles is go- ing to make a bid for the Shire Coun- cil. It is to be hoped when he wins the position he will invent some useful method for extracting the load of sorrow that the shire employees are .carrying in their boots. For the few months ahead there are bound to bc washaways and holes on the various roads that will require to be promptly repaired. It is really marvellous the number of men who come looking for work and then won't take it on if the work happens to be close to a hash-house. You might get some to put in a week or two; but if it means erecting your own camp, it generally ends in a case of nothing doing.'" The old-timer, who loved to be free and independent, and enjoy the liberty of his own camp, has vanished and became a dream of the past. The members of the School of Arts held a meeting on Friday, the nth. In sugar areas institutions of this sort j generally have a difficulty in being successful, as the sugar workers are mostly unsettled for a part of the year, that is, during the slack season. An- other thing, as a rule they don't in 'dulge in good clean reading matter a Buffalo Bill or some German in- spired rag satisfies their wants. How- ever, the Babinda subesribers are tc be congratulated on their present po- sition. The number of subscribers is only 42, which speaks for itself in a thickly populated part, and where sc many are enjoying constant employ- ment. At the present time there is « credit balance of £34/14/-, with'thc Government subsidy to be added, anc the library has been enlarged by tin addition of a fair number of nev works. Among the names on the committe« I noticed Osborne, Carter, Johnstone alid others. Where the name of Os borne appears, subscribers can rest as sured that they will get a square deal Mr. McLean is secretary for the in stitution. The Babinda farmers also held thei: meeting on the 13th (lucky number) Naturally, it is the same old state o affairs-some are contented, and witl others you can add the "dis." It hap pened when Sam Griffith held thi reins, and was giving us a -dose o what he called "Democracy." Bill Little introduced an affair that hi called the Central Mill system. O.i paper it looked all right, and the skiti of members assured-us that it woul&lt; raise the poor and honest landowne to a state of affluence and prosperits'. Experience has taught us.to cry false hopes, and also to add, "never put your faith in a jawbone breaker. Our local auctioneer held a stock sale on Saturday. The Babinda dis- trict is a picnic ground for stock at the present time. There is grass in abundance, and instead of it being a Messing it is quite the reverse. There are many who bathe with impunity in Babinda Creek. The old hands generally make use of the shal- low water, as they do not .care about risking a battle royal with the nimble saurian. I noticed a nice specimen the other day that an abo. had cap- tured in the creek. Perhaps this may have the desired effect of making the numerous youngsters look before they leap, and it is the duty of the parents to caution them from bathing in the "deep holes. The Red Crossiworkers of Babnié» have been a credit to the district in the past, and by their efforts a fair amount of cash has been gathered for the heros who are at the front. As [.I have not seen a report appear in the "Post" for some time, it is to be i hoped that the Society will still for I ward their usual report for the bene- fit of the general public.  TH E P O ST .WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1913. ANOTHER WARNING. The cyclone season is making its ' approach, and another tropi- cal disturbance is announced as having formed to the north, and now travelling south. Year after year these convulsions of nature have manifested themselves, on many occasions with disastrous effect, and unfortunately at .times have -come upon the community -without any warnincr. , So serious is this subject that when the Commonwealth Meteorologist (Mr. Hunt^ visited-Cairns some months, ago, a deputation from the Chamber of Commerce, con- sisting of prominent commercial and shipping "men, waited upon him to urge the establishment of a meteorological station in North Queensland, so that storm warn- ings would be received with grea- ser expeá|tioj^an'd^ itv at íárgé ¿venvreasbnable no- tice o£ the approach of tropical . disturbances. -, it will be ' remem "bered that Mr. Hunt, at that in- terview, dealt" with the subject . from many points of . view, but was not apparen'tlv seized with the grim importance of the . fact .that through these cyclones.more men had been drowned between Thursday Island and Townsville to the square mile than . along any. other, portion of the vast coastline of Australia.. His .re-? Tnarfein^general Mt the députa-:^ tion little to be grateful for, and he blanMv refused to establish à meteorological station at Cairns or any other port in the Far North. Since .then more - than one ship-master, trading to Nor- thern waters- has tak"-i th's mat- ter up stro^ely. and the Towns and Cairns Chambers of Commerce are still activelv agit- ating for some better means of storm warnings. In a letter to [ ¡ ther Press, Captin -levine; who j went through" the? memorable- cy- clone off Cairns ^ Jannairy;::last, said : "The Australian shio mas-' ters are np moreTänxious-?£o meet hurricanes 'thánfihe rietîorôlog ist, and they would like£to keep from them 'asifaf ' away as he does but unfprtuäa|e|y? they- cannot, and that as.jus't^.exactly'why the Cairns Chambéï^pf Commerce as- ked him for ablation in the cy- clone-belt. ' ;They did not ask him ".to\ transfer tie station from i Brisbane, \ 'as he informed the j Press they had done. They ask- ed on behalf of the seamen,' the : travelling public, the North! Queensland people, and Austral- j ians at large, that a competent ! meteorologist be sent to the ¡ cyclone, belt to study these hur-¡ i ricanes." When" "discussing the ; i- matter^with.JûiMË^ùnto^Ma^Cj of,J3oñ^ércÍ!_JHr_IHnnt -said 3»«t '" if a meteorological station weTc" established at Cairns, . and tele- graphic commûfticâtion. were cut' , off, the place would be ineffective He also mentioned that wir±iess [ would plav an important part in storm warnings in future. Out of Mr. Hunt's own words there, iris I es one solution of the dttfriilty. ' Granted' that . telegraphic :. lines . are down in á hopeless ^tangle :-îl over the country, and communi- cation with the North shut off, whv not establish, a , northern meteorological station with a wireless, equipment ? Thursday Island has a wireless station, so has Cooktown. Lei the same be established by the Federal Gov- ernment at Townsville and Cairns and there will be ample warning çiven of the approach' of 'storms. Regarding the present disturb- ance which has manifested itself over the Gulf of Carpentaria the Meteorological Department has with promptitude, forwarded ur fent warnings to Northern cen- tres, but Mr. Hunt and his officers have only to:thank the telegraph service for that: Once the lines; aije down,' the Meteorological; Def partment in Brisbané and .; Mel- bourne: will be impotent? f tb promptly advise Northern resid ents of the approach of danger. The situation demands a. North- ern meteorological station, fully equipped and in charge of an; 'ex- pert. In the words of Captain . Irvine, "There is hardly à family In North Queensland that has not ^en^ts-share^^ of 'thé 'cvclöne at sea \or öri-^.^tl. If .blood Is. the'; price lof rth'eïmetri eorological í stationl then we haye,, bought, it, fairly:''' "in cpndusion, setting- aside for the "moment- the* question .of , communication -. by land lilies, or by wireless,- ' there marks of that" renowned meteoro- logical :' adviser, -^Mf.. " Clement Wragge," are worth'" noting-: p'^l guarantee that if I were resident' either at Cairns, Townsville; Bowen, Mackayj_.of.'-Rp^h?.niptóa durrri^he^íító my- own'.* - private .. instruments . not a ; stp'rm'"should slip through mv fingers without "most - ample warning beinj given. I am very ! decidedly ; of opinion ;that ' in ' ex- isting-- i circumstances; - a . special weather bureau should be estab- lished -in North Queensland, '.say at Cairns or Townsville, entirely independent of Commonwealth control, and the sooner it is done the better.: Surely Queensland will listen to my voice ! " ; . '  Northern leteorologicai Station. Pibifc Meeting ii Cains. Federal 6fl«roBHit to bi Igiio I In response 'toa request - from the ¡Cairns Chamber of Commerce, the Mayor (Aid. C. McKenzie) convened a public meeting at the Council Chambers on'Wednesday afternoon to discuss the'question of the establish- ment ¿Ta Meteorological Station in No rifa Queensland, The Mayor pre- sided, and there were .also present : Messrs. J. Alison, E. S. Mann,- ' Jv; Carlile. S. H. Warner. T. H. Donald- son. W. H. J.'Mayers, Rev. J. Kirke, Dr Tyrie, and J. R. Craig. Aa apo-j logy for absence^ was received from-; Mr. As J. Draper, who was attending . the Northern Sugar Workers Board. I The Mayor in opening th« meeting said : We ¿re perfectly satisfied that it is necessary ia the interests of lila and limb, and the protection of gen I eral property, that there should be a I meteorological station eatabliahea . ia 'North .Queensland. The sparse. ._at-_ tendance; thia ait«rao«».-:»>%»* ss/isaj. counted Jbr hy th», fact. that JÙ. Cfev ment-Wragge;. the ; renowned meteoro- logist, to whom everyone looks - ; for general", information, will not be here until some time in April. I under- stand ,he is. coming hera to lecture on the matter,, and after that we may possibly, call another public meeting and be able to decide best where is the most suitable place f or a meteo rdogtail station. /We are really in the bands of experts, and when Mr. Wragge is here we will .form a ' better idea of the whole toing. . I would now. ask the representatives of the Cham. ber of Commerce' to move the resolu- tions they have decided upon. Dr. Tyrie: Before the -motion is 'put I saw a statement that there was a barograph in Cairns. -Where is it ?' .. ; . ?,- ;?"' The Mayer : At the -Post pSce. The Secretary ol the Chamber ol Commerce then' read a letter received recently from "the Townsville^ Met- eorological ' Bureau, which"' 'stated' that thc question of the establish oaant.of a Northernmeteorvlogicai sta. tion had been engaging the attent- ion of the Townsville Chamber . ol Commerce, tia shipping community, and others for some time. As - th« cyclone season wea advanced, - : and the Commonwealth Government had written stating they could not. es- tablish a mctetoMogical ' station ia North Queensland;, it was considered necessary to take"- prompt independa ent actiop. A public meeting called by the Mayor on January -22nd had been'very largely attended, and it was unanimously resolved to estab- lish a meteorological bureau al Townsville. A committee had - beet iomud^^^.-WMsie1 bad tass»' in- vited to come to North Queensland and take charge. The trustees of th« Yongala" fund had decided to -'offal £100 towards the project- "A tele gram had been sent to the Postman 1¡er General and Prime Minister ask inb that ? weather telegrams be sent to the bureau free of charge- It waa estimated that the coat of the Bur- eau would not exceed,.,£400* duriag I the present ;cyclone »eaeon. ¡The operation-JO!-Cairns was invited. -- ? . A. second letter from the - same source under date Jeauary 2oth stay-' teda cable had been sent to Mr. Wragge offering him £20 weekly to come and take charge during the cy- clone ssasoa ana a reply bad been received from him stating it was im- possible foe him to do so this season, but mentioned that he would' be lec- turing in North Queensland in April when. tte matter could be ' placed on a sound basis. The letter - from Townsville further "mentioned that although' a good start had been mad« it was. hoped to further the "object desired by the fullest co-operation be- tween Cairns ? and Townsville- " Dr. Tyrie : On lo0»ing round tha room I see the banking and commer- cial .interests represented here: Be- fore a motion is moved r think;/ it should be known bow much support those interests are going to 'give tc th» nwii^ct. . . T Mri " J..AIim>:-.The>matter-t> baa' baen altered Eomevbat owing ' ito Mr- Wragge finding, himself unable ? i to accept the o3er made by the Townsville people.' I -wou]d suggest that;': we get ' in touch w tb our ,Tmd «ral members ol Parliament r and ask them to urge the fWmü omm. man*-t* " appoint Hr. Wragge- met- eorologist in the-Vorth - during . the cyclone season. Mr. Bunt, the GOOK monwaalth Meteorologist, . came to Cairns and we .inter-, ijsïéd him, but he went south and seemed to carry, more weight than we did, with the result that "tb* Federal Government acting, on nia - advice," «an^;&lt;terei . ir; waa Vunnecesisary.. to have a/meteor«) logical station establiabed in Worth i Queensland. " We think' differently. WV should approach .the Federal Guv- ! ernment through our members . and . trv- and irjf use a I jttle; enthusiasm ir ito the Powers that 'Be', 'and ses - il we;caMot; secure the- appomtmeat yt Mil ' Wta^ge" next ^äi^l^^UV^ mw*" «ae-ià appfoacfebv; tbè »e*rTnl eoneerned, but I-do think * W ahoii) j J¿:«ép;.*'íi^ j»BT^*Qiiewa^ noticed in the press that the Post- master has received advice ih£t when conditions are suspicious tele-i grams are to be exchanged ttï-t ween ' stations7' that'lié* alane ?'.the '"' ir-umf ¡ frota -Sea Hill' to rThun=day It'i-nd. The 'raeré tact of excnangiog tele- grama -betweeav-thea« ' stations »s n» nae -to tte reeideme orcair^. we do not /pose as veatacr esperta : «..d would not know ' what to mace cf th e 'telegrama.»when-"we'ieeeHed -them. ; pr. Nisbet has informed mo - that ¿340, iq f sjsj proinnwit toward proposed meteorological statte, bnf unfortunately, owing-. to ? the ' fact that Slr. Wragge cannât come, 'Do thing can be'doner till next year. ' Dr. Tyrie :"" Surely' if 31 r. Wragge cannot come someone else can ta&é tie position. Mr. Donald-son : I think we should go bald-headed for the Federal Goy eraihent. " : ' ? '. Dr. Tyrie ; Go. bald-beaded your- self and do some thing. - (Mr. Donaldson : We should agitate for-a wireless station straight away. There is no ' possibility of a meteoro logcal station being estnblished herf straight away. What is the use ot having suena station if Cairns baa no wireless, and .Cannot - get into coamunTcation with other places. You laow that, telegraph linea ar« frequently ? down in the wet - -season,, also in the dry .season, when ' there are bush fires. - All the ? meteorologic- al stations in the ' world 7will' be of no use 'to you ; unless - the liñes . : ' are working.- . I wocla-Tike'to see ? a'hugp petition from all'the residents of Cairns asking for a wirelesr station hera. A .station' with a radias of 200 ror 300 miles would be sufficient. Dr. Tyrie : I agree with Mr. Alison and . Hr. Donaldaon. - BO Jar M the \ wireless sutton is. - etmeerned, ' but when ii comes to the meteorological station it is another matter.&lt; Y«( take the interests represented by Mr Alison and Mr. Donaldson. , You al 'insure against fire and other things, but why don't-you insure against cy. Idónic damages? T/hy not plank down thc dollars'? lt is purely a.'cap- italistic thing from end to'end. - ? ' ? JJ tue cost -were split up amongst you ii would be a very, small thing. I dc not see why. you. should/not. instit ulra wireless amongst yourselves. The Mayor : I agree with Mr. Al ¡sou that the matter has ehaarx through the fact that Mr. Wraggi cannot accept the position offered t&lt; him. I think the best thing irs to move a resolution that this meetinj whilst in accord with everything tba had been said in connection with thi establishment cf a meteorological sta tion, remains in abeyance until Mr Wragge has visited North. .Queens- land. ' I will move to that effect mj self. -' . Mr. Alison : I think., ve should .' write to' our Federal members . and se? what, can be, done. We- can men-, tion Mr. Wragg-3, :but if the .GOVT eminent have another man, good J nd welt We want a meteorological Sta- tionen .the "North, and this .- ;puolic,i meeting should take tike opportunity of passing a resolution to bring the matter before the . Government.,, 1 do nat see why the Northern people should sit down and'do nothing. The Mayor : This meeting waa cal- led for the purpose of V encouraging' a meteorological station in the Nort.1 whiefi. is'to be commenced, I under- stand, ; by private enterprise. ' Sup pow rouoffer. tha;(o&lt;IUon to Jfr. Wngp onay oüw .»»>. Il aartuia'; say reputation - to loose; he ¡a not; going to come up her for six months and then lose his position for the re- mainder of the .year.:- -V; .' -Mr. Donaldson : Mr.. Wragge wants to come here for four months. . The Mayor : Perhaps he does and perhaps he does not. If - you -offer, hin* a -(ive:months',engagement * he might., take ¡t. My opinion is.that it ia better to leave the matter in abey ance .for the time being, or else, as Mr. Alison has suggested, write and ask the Federal Oovernment to 'ta*-» tnéSni»tter:"up.:çf ;í ¡5;'. vrA:-/ -:.Xr.yAliénai Mr. Wrag(¿ preiniaed .-'Th*'¿»aj©rr I*ew>^»»--;iwii»»*l. jtgfjgia^ it"í«r better to adjäiA*;-'tfa«f^iB«etmK7 ;tiil-Ve Iw atr.Wi^ fö«»lc. t,W»: 'thesabicct. , , _\A\ '. Mr. Donaldson r I»j¿jinclaVor^-©í writing to the authorities. - One. rr» I son Mr. Hunt, adducal- agaiast .;. " the establishment;of'..'»j meteorological station ¡ in ¿the -Nor« »as the -i pop* ulation-'.basie. iHe sid. tbe-populat ton dad act waiTarntlaacá; a station, and it' wojld be es*blishing a'pre oadentv - To my .mint that argument bas failed beeaose. t^ce toes I hear that a ? wireless stai>n baa bee» ea tabhahed at a plac4ralled Mscausrie Island: 1 do not af where the - pop- ulation Mmes in thfe- I tain* "we Should qsote tba» i ow letter. Tbs subject is onè* which should interest all parts of Australia, because south- ern, people haye many interests in the North. I move that we write ito the Federal Government and ask that a mejeorolobical station be estab- lished in the North, also that ~ We consider Mr. Hunt's' argument about the- population basis is void. - TheMayorr jam willing to drop my resolution. Mr. Donaldson : I have followed th's matter very closely and I- con j sider we should-have a station in North« Queensland. ' " Mr. Alison seconded th» motion, moved by Mr. Donaldson. t Dr. Tyrie : I will move an amend- ment that action be delayed until a canvas bas been made among thr- eading business people, and it is ascertained what ? financial: support they will accord the project. . The Mayor : We are going to the Government, and we expect them to Pay for the lot. Dr. Tyrie : A' lot of people «o»» here and do nothing but yap, yap, yap. .j i The Mayor : You ao the sanie. ¿Dr. Tyrie: You. are as good as -anybody at yapping. I will with- draw my amendment ¡The motion moved; by Mr. Donald->? son waa then put and carried. ? ? On the motion of .Dr.. Tyrie, aeeon ded by Mr. Carlile, it wa« decided to support the action of the Cairns Chamber of Commerce in their 'agi- tation, lor ? a wireless - station at Cainia, : ' ? r-~- ;  Cairns Chamber of Com- merce, Monthly Meeting. North Queensland Meteorological Station. Kr Hunt Again Criticised. Mayor Requested tc Convene Public Meeting. The nicKi-Uy meeting oí tho Cairns Chamber of Commerce was held oa Friday, afternoon. Mr. T, H. Donald sou (Vice President) presiding. flha following . letters were dealt with in the inward correspondence. Hedley AVood and Co., London, wrote stating there was a large iiiar .. ket there for horse, cow hair, ajad pigs bristles, and asking whether there were any collections of same in the Cairns district--Received. Under date. 16th ult., the Traffic Manager (Mr. rPrewett) wrote: "I \ am inreceijjt of your letter, of 15tb " December re increased speed of pu* »enger trains^ It is'intended to al- ter the running of trains shortly, .when certain improvements at stat- ions naive been effected, but the pas- ' 6enger traffic does not warrant run »ing purely passenger trains at pre- sent. The through trains between Cairns and Mareeba, morning and ovening. do no shunting, The only reduce or Dick un loadinc at Kuran anda.'" 'The Vice President : That is in re- ply to our letter as'-úng for an accel . crated, service, and a. purely passen- ger train. From the Postmaster General's De- partment acknowledging receipt of Chamber's communication relative t0 tho inconvenience experienced by rea- son of telegraphic delay and statinp the matter will receive serious consid- eration. The Vice President : I notice a new route has: been suggested but it was turned down as usual. I think we'should ad\ocîI'&lt;.e for a wireless station here. Mr. Carlile: We tried it before. The Vice President : Perhaps they will' get tired of it in the long run and give us one. I do not think we should let the matter remain in abey- ance. They are erecting siuall wire- less stations in Victoria with a range- of 20o miles If we had such a station here it would greatly as- sist us in receiving* weather reports when the lines. are down. Thursday Island could connect with Cooktown, Cooktown with Cairns, and Cairns j with Townsville. . .»*«.- Would ar«diu»oí -SOO miles be sufficient. '"' ~7 *'" Tte Vice Présidant : Quite suffic- ient I think. Townsville has a wire, less station^ and if -we were connect- ed with. Townsville it would be ade- quate. Mr. Warner : I mo vs that raprosen tationa . be made again to the Post- master General asking thal a.- wir» less station: be erected here, abd pointing out' that it would obviât» the great delay in communication which has been experienced in tho Fast. The motion was seconded by Mr. Alison and carried. . It was also resol vea that the car- ious northerr, parliamentary repr? sentatives be asked to support the request of the Chamber. The» Secretary of the Cairns Har hour Board wrote : "I am directed tn acknowledge receipt- of your letter of 15th December.! re my Board's ac- tion in calling tenders to cut timber aï the quarry reserve, and in reply to state that at a meetia^ of ray Boara) held on 18th inst., it was de- cided that as no tenders had been received the matter of selling timber off tho nnarry reserve be abandoned. -H&lt;-C3ive.l. The P.-stmaster General's Depart- ment advised- that the question of connecting the post offices at Dimbu- lah and Thornborough would receive consideration. It was decided, to again writte and \ urge that the matter be not over - looked. Th,e Secretary,Commissioner : for Kailwaj-s, wrote : ''With! reference t0 your letter of 15th ult., regarding the erection of railway, goods shed at Cairns, I beg to inform you that this work is held« over for the present owing to lack of funds. It has not been lost sight of and will be; recon- sidered in a few months." (Laugh- ter). F. Lawrence, Bolwarra! station, wrote drawing attention to the fact that tte postal authorities were con- templating altering the weekly ser- vice to a fortnightly service fr0m Almaden to the old Tate telegraph station, and asking that the Cham- ber use its influence to prevent this, as the district would be practically isolated. j .lt was decided to write to the I Cairns Postmaster on the subject. The Vice President, referring * to j the movement for the establishment cf a meteorological station, in Xorth ! Queensland, apart from the Federal Government,. said the following let-, ter had been received by Captain Ir- vine, commander cf the Innamincka, from Mr Clement Wragge, tke re- nowned meteorologist : "Dear Captain Irvine,-I value PW so Jnuch your kind letter of No- vember 10th, which reached me after a long rielav. and I am glad to know that my arduous work in Queensland of years ago is at lea*t appreciated by my friends of th'e shipping fcom münity nnd ethers and especially in ":*' Vorth o.ír-.-.-sian í. I will jost say here thpt b'fnre my Weather Bureau was disbanded by the Government everything jn connection therewith, especially re the warning of hurri 1 canes, was iirot-clasa wording al- most wita precision Bi * "'carono I meter." Furthermore, i. wUi Kai' I without a moment s ntsitation, and in strict justice to myself that, bad I been in oiix*:, anilla warmng wOuid : have bc-tn given of the storms that wrecked- the Yongala and .Koombana with others. This is a matter of correct diagnosis of the isoLars and the faculty of reasoning the tn»ng out from the winds, clouds, barometric figures and othtr elements. Know in^ that the foundations that I so faithfully and traly laid for the Wea- ther Signal Service have within, the j last ten years been negatived con- j tinues to be a very sore point wita Í rae, inasmuch as utterly apart from every personal consideration, I loy- ally devoted the, best years ot my life in every minute detail to the service of Queensland andj Austral- asia generally, andi regarded my stations as so' many . "pet babies " which I was destined to loose- ' Without being egostistical I know my power full well in this matter, and that no one at present in these States can adequately take iny place As matters now stand I recommend .that u «ntlrriy indixwtent Waataar SignaT "Service 'should beestablished ?loos; the coast« ot Contra! and North Queensland. There should be at. least nine stations in the region indicated, and to equip these proper- ly would cost about £25 each. In addition arrangements would most certainly have to be made with ta* French and Pacific Cable Compan- ies whereby cypher messages could bo received at the He«d Office-say at Townsville or Cairns-from the sta- tions at Gomen, 'Noumea, Norfolk Island and Suva, With respect to observes at the Queensland ~ belt of stations such could be drawn I think from the police or other strictly State' officials (not Federal) and some remuneration should be given to aach observer, the amount to be decided by those who organisa tho new service (unless, of course, any enthusiastic volunteers should come forward). Further more code tele- grams, formula for which are In my possession, would have'to pass to and from the Head Office with re spert to th-e new stations, and as the telegraphs are a Federal concern these would have to be paid for. Probably less than' ül'tpcr dafc- would cover this item. An assistant would be necessary fe clerical work at a Sal- ary at the rate of, s^y, £200 a year. 1 suppose that the new service would operate only during, the hurricane months-say from December to April inclusi ve. With respect to myself, I must bv perfectly straightforward since, my,Weather Bureau was dis- banded scientific lecturing and writ- ing have'becn my means of living. and this is still so. At present J am engaged - to commence a new lec- ture tour opening in Hobart on Feb- ruary 1* next-from thence it is pro- posed to travel, via South Austral- ia, to lecture in Wdstern Australia, passing round the north coast a,id . lecturing- thorough North Queensland between J une and October next. Al so I have acquired interests in New Zealand which require my presence there for at least three months out of the twelve. Thus I prefer to l&lt;?av» j the financial aspect .of my own case { to the consideration of my many friends in North Queensland So as to hear what they propose. Excluding myself fcom the estimates already given you will be enabled to tormul ' ate a decision as to > what the wholo thing will cost-not losing sight of thc fact that the financial proposal», entirely cover, the hurricane months only.. In conclusion, I would again ''nay hoc heartily I appreciate your communication, and the efforts of Dr. Nisbet and my other friends to whom please, as onportunity offers, j convey my kindest remembrances. The necessary instruments, apart i from my own private outfit which I have hare and sufficient for one stat- ion only, would bive to be obtained from Jjondon «nd if necessary . a cftblp could be sent for them to the .--rV-prs vrit'i whom I used to deal in days gone by. ' , With best wishes, etc." The Vice President said fhat Mr. Wra*rge estimated he could stay in North Queensland nine months of tho year. If the people pl North. Queensland had his presence for that time it would- bo sufficient. Mr. S. H. Warner : Mr. Wragge has the confidence of the majority of the public. . The vice-President : If we had Mr. Wragge here it would be in direct opposition to the Federal au- thorities. Mr. Warner r Thev are not. doinc much. Thc vice-President : They are do- ing nothing. Most Queenslanders have pinned their faith to) Air. Wragge's ability. When I was in Townsville last week I went with Captain Irvine" and interviewed Mr. Nesbit, who is taking a. great- in- terest in this matter, and he told me a public meeting would be called there. From what I Can gather the idea is to have a main station with Mr. Wragge in charge, and I two or three sub-stations under the supervision of ari attendant to whom Mr. Wragge would supply details. These stations would acquaint Mr. Wragge of weather conditions, and he conld thus, form his conclusions. I think the idea is a splendid one. I am sorry the Cairns people ; arj not manifesting the interest they should do in this subject. Accord ing to the presa reports Tow-m»-'ila had a good' meeting, and tho-/ S.vc cabled! to .Mr. Wragge straight away. Mr. J. C. Carlile : I suppose they :Wañtií-tlio.:il>e^liKtatioi»V!:ia.t',,:: Town»-; viii»,-" ?. ' ? '." - ?->? The Vice-PresSdent : Not necessar- ily.. I think it is anticipated most of the money will be raised l y Northern people. Captain Irvine told me it -would have to be a vol- untary movement, as we cpuld tct no assistance from tie Federal -,r State Governments. His. id~» it that as Townsville had called a public meeting "Cairns should do tho same, and form a .sub-committee of the residents of both places. The whola thing will cost, I understand, about £1000. Mr. Carlile : Would, that cover tho salary of Mr. Wragçe 1 Thc vice-President : Ves. Mr. Warner : For one term ? The vice-President : I think so. If we had a wireless stclica Rt j Cairns it would be .immaterial «ne- ther the meteorological station wero at Cairns or Townsville. Captain Irvine's idea is that a list should be opened, and the various tnwns along the coast canvassed. He was talking about having subscription lists onened in Brisbane, Sydney, and Melbourne, and asking the ship- ping companies, and others inter- ested, to subscribe. When spread over such a large area the scheme looks quite feasible. Mr. Carlile : Don't you think the Federal Authorities, seeing that the Northern people are unanimous in having a station, will reconsider Mr I Hunt's report ? I Tho vice-President : I understand nothing will be placed on the es tJm.tM. WH** - amtlafmetion - «Ma we.j get ont ot Mr. Hunt's interview i here? He said if a meteorological j station were built here it would be establishing a precedent.. He said the population in North Queens- land was too sparse, yet we find a station erected at Macquarie Island. Apart from the population basis we have to consider the steamers coming along the coast. They have people on hoaïd from all parts of Australia. I think Mr. Hunt's ans- wer is an absurd one. ¡Mr. Warner : When you go to the; more populated places in the south you don't expect to find cyclones there. The vice-President : I was simply disgust*"! with. Hr. Hunt's reply. Mr. Warner : Mr. Hunt! is evident- ly top-dog with the authorities. I would suggest that -we ask the Maror to convene a public meeting. The Vice-president : I think it would be better for the Town Coun- cil to ta>e un this matte'r than the Chamber of Commerce. I would be ashamed to belong to this Chamber if T were like some of its members who seldom come tb a meeting except when it suits them Weather^ is a matter which concern? everybody, and I don't see why rnembers of the Chamber cannot spare an hour a month to take part in its deliberations. Mr. Warner moved that as soon as the secretary had obtained the necessary information from Towns- ville the Mayor he asked to convene á : public meeting to - discuss the question ot «. meteorological sta- tion for North Queensland. ' . The motion was seconded by Mr. Carlile and carried manimously.  Cairns Chamber of Commerce. Monthly Meeting A Northern Meteorological Station. Some Interesting Correspondence. Health Matters in Innisfail District The monthly meeting of the Cairns Chamber of Commerce was held on Friday afternoon. Mr. T. H. Donald son presided, and there were also present Messrs. R. Sturt, H. Wilson, R. T. McManus, A. J. Draper, J. Smithers, and the secretary (Mr. E. S. Mann). The following matters were dealt with in the inward correspondence : From the Einasleigh Shire Coun- cil, enclosing a letter sent to the Postal Inspector, asking for an al- teration in the mail service to and from Cairns. The present service, it was pointed out, was unsatisfactory, as all stations west of Alma Den got practically only one mail a week each way. It was decided to refer the letter to the executive for reply, The 'Chillagoe ? Railway-" Traffic Man ? ager f wired : "Re. ; charge. Dimbulah, 'we Have made ño charge for re-book i lng at Dimbulah. I understand tho charge is made by some agent there. We only propose to charge for extra handling." .The following further wiro was also received : "If tho business people doing business with Mount Mulligan open ledger accounts at Dimbulah for the Mount Mulligan railway freights, thero need bo no agency charges. We will simply re- book in the usual way.4 From the secretary. Townsville Chamber of Commerce, enclosing a letter from Dr. Nisbet on the subject of a meteorological bureau for North Queensland. The letter read as follows : "Melbourne, April 21. The secretary. Townsville Chamber of Commerce,-Your letter of the 9th instant on this subject reached me on my arrival in Melbourne on Fri- day, April 17th, and as my stay was likely to be short, I did not delay in getting to write on the mat- ter.' I saw the Under Secretary for Home -Äflairs at 4 p.m.. and discuss ed it witt him. The Minister (Mr, (Kelly) had left for Sydney that afternoon, and was not returning un- til Monday. The Under Secretary could oller no opioion beyond that the Department had done all that was possible, and he suggested that it would be well to interview Mr. .Hunt, in order to come to some ar- rangement. . Although Mr. Hunt's views were well known, I did not .thin"; it wiso to object to this sug- gestion, and thc appointment was made for 10.30 the following Satur- day morning. I found Mr. Hunt still obstinately opposed to any modification , o^. tho existing arrange- ments of weather bureaus. He main- tained that. everything possible waa being done,.'and the Brisbane " office" had full instructions to issue inde- pendent weather warnings as fre- quently as was thought necessary, in times of urgency, and that was all that was required. No argument 1 could use would obtain any further conciliatory proposal from Mr Hunt, and after an interview lasting close upon two hours, I stated my inten- tion to bring the matter directly un- idor thc notice of the Minster for Affairs. With regard to employing Mr. Clement Wragge to issue inde- pendent weather forecasts during the cyclone season, Mr. Hunt stated ho would welcome such action on the part of the northern residents as cal- culated to ' show how unnecessary such a station waB, arid how . we would get no more practical infor- mation or warnings than we were getting at present. This, I thin'*, is seriously open to_ doubt. On Mon- day, 20th, I was able to crran<-e an interview with the Honorary Minis- ter. (Mr.! Kelly), who hos. charge of the Department of Home Affairs, for 3.15 p.m.. In order to support tho eise, I asked Senator Givens and tho Hon. F. Bamford to accompany me, which they willingly did. Mr. -Hunt was present Rt the rosiest of the Department. Senator Givens! intro ducsd the deputation, and took the opportunity to point out tho desira- bility of a wireless station being es tabli.=lud at Cairns and Mackay, .to con\ ey information in case of thc land lines failing. "Shis was really forcicn to the subject, but tho Minis- ter accepted it as a meajns of com- bating the argument re failure to telegraphic communication. I ad vanred every reason possible why tho Northern weather station was necessary, but aftsr an interview lasting three-quarters of an hour, could only obtain a promise from the Minister that the matter would receive serious consideration, and tho establishment of wireless stations at Cairns and Mackay would be strong- ly recommended to facilitate the transmission of observations and the issuing of forecasts along the Queensland coast. I was asked by Mr. Hunt to point out that his de- partment had fully the interests of North Queensland in mind, and to give the present system a trial to sej how far his office was meeting the necessities of the case. There is no doubt that the department is being entirely guided by Mr. Hunt in this controversy, and I see no hope of any further concessions being made ,in that direction. Until this agitation began there is no doubt the Federal Meteorological Bureau existed chiefly for, the southern, traveller and pns toralisl, and îtorth.- Queensland was «lniost'.'ovarloofcëd.'-. This campaign hos improved matters somewhat, nnd some points have been gained which were at first refused,' which shows that continued agitation may gain further advantages. I would sug- gest that if Mr. Clement IVragge is in the neighbourhood, he might be in- vited to meet tho Chamber of Com- merce or others interested, and dis- cuss the matter from a technical point, of view, for it is with scien- tific points now that we aro opposed bv Mr. Hunt, who uses arguments whirh obviously cannot bo contradic- ted oy the casual observer. A sug gestion has been made to me tha a consensus of opinion of the cap tains and pilots trading with th Queensland coast would bo val «able as to the desirability o exhibiting sform warnings at al important stations and lighthouses in case of dangerous weather condi tiens threatening. I would be ob liged if you would send a copy o this letter to the Cairns Chambei of Commerce, as I would like then to know that my eHorfs have no1 been directed to forwarding the in- terests of Townsville alone, but thc whole North Queensland eoast_ .Yours faithfully, ,\V, B. XISBET. The President said thav Mr. Car. ter, manager for Dalgety and Co., would move at the conference of Local Authorities to be held in Perth this month the following resolution : "That the Chambers of Commerce and Northern public being most con- cerned jn the cstablichment of a meteorological bureau /in North Queensland, with a view, to safe- guarding the public and shipping at sea ns well as in port during tïïo cy- clonic season of tho year by furnish- ing timely'* warnings (cyclones In the north ol Quocnslaiid being of-ann«,,! occurrence) the matter be urged upon the Minister for Home Affairs .-as of vital importance, and requiring the earliest attention, so that effect may be given thereto in Becember in an- ticipation of the season 1915." Mr. McManus moved that a letter of than' s be sent to Br. Nesbit and the Townsville Chamber of Com- merce, and that Mr. Carter be asked to represent thc Cairns Chamber of Commerce at the general conference to be held at Perth. The motion wac carried. Regarding the formation of com- mittees to deal with various matters affecting-the Chamber, between tho meetings, it was decided to ask the executive to furnish a report at the n-xt meeting. Mr. Sturt said ¡IP had recently visi t d thc Johnstone River district. There wns a disenso going about there eagled Sprue. His idra wa? to write to the Tropical Institute at Townsville, and ask if this was re I ceiving proner attention. He assured jjhem thüt the1 number of people i who had died ir0nv this disease, and the number who had suffered from it, would paralyse his hearers. In a i letter 1o the press some time ago, Dr. T.vrie had asked if those ir charge of the Institute of Tropical Diseases had ever given any advice .i the public or- doctors on various matters, and lhere was no answer, It would be interesting to know what the Institute were doing in this matter. He moved "That the sec- retary write to tho Institute oi Tropical Diseases at Townsville, and also the Townsville Chamber of Com- merce, regarding the possible spread of Sprue in the North, it being re- ported that it was somewhat com- mon in the Innisfail district, also suggesting that circulars be sent to various bodies dealing with the cause, treatment, and cure of this disease." Mr. Sturt added that he had been asked by some of tho In- nisfail residents to bring this matter before the Cairns Chamber of Com- merce, and felt he should do so. Mr. A. J. Draper seconded the motion, which was cArried. Tn response to a letter from the North American Manufacturers' Ex- port Association, it was decide-.' that the Chamber become an honor- ary member of that Association. This concluded the business. For Children's Hacking Cough at Night, Woods' Great. Pepperer! int Cure, 1/6 