 SETTLED TILL 1930. ? i DRY AND WET SEASONS. MR. WRAGGE AND THE SUNSPOTS. In these days, when those once honored prophets of the weather — the corns and £fout;y limbs ot our elders — have given place to scientific forecast, the farming community hangs with bated breath upon the utterances of the experts. The Auckland ' Star' interview ed Mr. Clement Wragge, F. R.G.S. — the one-time Queensland Govern ment Meteorologist, and . the fore teller of the disastrous Australian droughts — at his home at Birken head the other day. Mr. Wragge willingly acquiesced when asked if he would venture a forecast. The celebrated weather prophet lives in intimate communion with the weather portents. An odd looking barometer was at his elbow in his queer, work-shoplike study ; shelves ot meteorological tomes lined the room. Outside, was a boxlike structure which, to the . uninitiated, might have been a meat safe or a bird cage. It was, in fact, a minia ture observatory, in which clock work and electrical instruments reg istered the vagaries of the atmos phere, or turned turtle, by an alarum arrangement, to tell the state of the temperature at a given time o' nights^ THE ELUSIVE SUNSPOT. The meteorologist fetched a huge telescope, formidale as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting rays of the sun, and allowed a bright half-crown of light from the lens — the photograph of the sun— to play on a white blotting pad. 'No sunspots and no rain just yet,' was his rueful verdi^. ' I've been expecting one just lately. It should appear to-morrow or the next day on the edge of the sun, and when it works to the centre, condi tions will be favorable to rain.' The prophet next gave the baro meter a professional rap, jotted a figure, and dubiously said 'Umph.' Producing a chart ot the Austra lasian regions, he went outside to test the direction of the wind to find the lay of the low atmospheric pres sure region, and then commenced to rapidly draw wavy 'isobars' on the chart. LOOKING AHEAD. Mr. Wragge has computed fore casts for the seasons of Australia up till 193°, and these, he says, are ap plicable to New Zealand, with slight modifications, owing to physical and geographical Reasons. During 191 4 and part of 1915, he says, the rain fall, taking Australasia as a whole, will be under the average. This by no means implies that there will be no rain. On the contrary, good in tervening rains will occur, and the last part of this period will be better than the first. From the middle ot 1915 onwards, the rainfall will mark edly increase, and from 1916 to 1920, inclusive, the seasons will be distinctly good, with abundant pre cipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to steadily fall off, and the worst part of the next great ' underaver age ' period will be 1923 and 1924. Australians will be justified in call ing that a drought. In 1925 mat ters will begin to improve, &nd good seasons will prevail from 1925 to 1930. These forecasts, explained IVIr. Wragge, are mainly based on the physical conditions of the sun with respect to its maxima and minima moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we are nearing the end of the solar minimum; — or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds round the sun, of which we ; on earth have no conception, were least violent. The maximum period would com mence at the end of 1915, and until then, although he did not expect the seasons to be so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must not be anticipated. Intervening rains in New Zealand should give a heavier fall than in Australia. In the drought he predicted, New Zealand would not suffer to the same extent as Australia, owing to its climate being insular, whereas that' of the latter was continental. ' Pick,' writing in the ' Bulletin/7 sticks up for the land he lives in : — ' The Monaro tableland of Is.S.W., with its grassy plains, unfailing springs and . full-flowing rivers fed from the j snow-capped roof- ridge of the continent, is regularly the salvation of the near west when drought spreads itself over the dry belt. During the past two months, trucks to carry half a million starving sheep have been requisitioned, and the very inadequate Cooma line has been frenziedly struggling to shift along the endless loads of mutton. At the terminus we have had to burn hun dreds of corpses, the weak stock being unable to stand the rough truck hand ling ; but the survivors are right for food and water among the hospitable highlands. This same Monaro, which in many drought stricken times has similarly provided its surplus fodder to the starving flocks of the near west, is the region which Sydney back yarders, during the capital site cheat, described as a blizzard-swept, uninhabi table desert. 