 BREVITIES. Out of the £29,327 prize money, awarded at the A.J.C. Spring Meet ing, locally trained horses won £2*1,550. Victorian horses only se cured £1800, while £780 went t:- New Caledonia. At the inquest on Henry Williams, 80, who was found dead in a tent at Orange, a verdict of death from heart failure was returned. Fivo thousaud odd acres of laud were disposed of during the past week to new settlers in the Dunedoo district. ; . At Quirindi a boy named Bradley, while visiting some relatives, was cracking a whip, when he injured his eye, and will probably lose his sight. Mrs Bell, the gatekeeper ab Bedford railway crossing Gunnedah, had her leg broken in two places, and sustained injuries to the body and scalp, through an engine dashing into the gates which she was opening. Edith Bingham has been committed for trial in connection with the death of her brother, James Bingham, keeper of Lancaster Castle, England, from poisouing. Colin, aged 7, son of Mr Augustus Gaddes, of Burrapine, died from lockjaw, caused by an orango thorn running into his - leg while- he ? was - descending from a tree. Lieutenant Conneau ('Beaumont') while testing a monoplane ab Rheims, capsized, and, falling from a height of 30ft, broke his leg, and was otherwise injured, but not, it is bhought, fatally. During the past four years the white population in Papua has rison from 609 to 1032, and the territorial revenue has increased from £21,813 to £43,455. Fifteen hundred members of the Commonwealth Forces attended the funeral in St. Kilda Cemetery of the late Sir John Hoad. The Mount Lyoll (Tasmania) miners on strike have decided to refuse the offer of the directors, and a long struggle is now expected. It is expected that Brigadier General Bridges, Commandant of the Royal Military College, will be ap pointed to succeed the late Sir John Hoad as chief of the general staff, Commonwealth Military Forces. A child named Pollock died sud denly ab Quirindi from convulsions, which, it is supposed, were caused by eating lollies from an old tin. About 400 tons of sugarcane were burnt at a fire which broke out on the Windermere Station, Queensland. During a thunderstorm at Broken Hill on Tuesday a lad John Tonkin, aged 16, was struck by lightning while cycling down Lane-Street and killed. A sculling match took place on the Thames on Tuesday between Wm. Albany, of England, and Jack Arnst, brother of the champion. The match was won easily by Albany by four lengths. Arnsfc rowed a very plucky race, but Albany's superior water | manship made the contest an easy thing for him. Since the 31st July 2000 immi grants, with capital amounting to £20,000, have arrived in Western Australia. In addition 6400 had been nominated, including those al ready at sea. Paris is going one better than turn ing its swords into pruning hooks. It has just melted 300 tons of . discarded cannons into pennies. Mr Wragge has issued a seasonal forecast, and he speaks of a* dry sum mer and a small rainfall. Though he deprecates alarm, he declares that 'water must bo conserved ' London newspapers publish eulo gistic references to tho character and ability of the late Mr Batchelor, Minister for External Affairs in the Commonwealth Government. The new British battleship King George Y. has been launched at Ports mouth. Princess Christian christened her with Australian wine. ? An infernal machine in a cafe at Toulon, France, exploded, injuring five persons. Others were injured in the ensuing panic. The total trade of the Common wealth last year . amounted to £134,505,501, an increase on the amount in the previous year, when the figures were £116,490,732. Messrs W. A. Redmond and R. Hazelton, M's.P., and Donovan, Irish Home Rule delegates-, on arrival at Melbourne from Sydney were wel comed by a large gathering. T. Reeco has challenged George Gray to a billiard match in London, 9000 up, level, with bonzolene. balls, for £100 a-side. The Queensland sugar crop is not likely to come up to expectations. This is owing to the cyclone in (I10 Mossman and Port Douglas districts some months ago. The list of candidates who lost their deposits in connection with the West Australian election numbers 16. Mr V. Carr, of Rydal, was loading a revolver, when it exploded, the bullet penetrating the left hand. He was conveyed -to the Mfcbgow Hos_ pital, where the bullet was extracted. Edward Lance was struck dead I y lightning on Eyriewald solection, near Corfield, Queensland. It is feared that the Mount Lvell (Tasmania) strike, if it is protracted, may involve other employees. Mr E. J. Pownall, Crown lands agent at Armidale, has been trans ferred to Hay as chief clerk and land agent. Mrs Robert Sheridan, of High Knoll, Collector, fell, and died, while walking in the garden at her brother's residence, Goulburn. The body of a man identified as that of William Higgins was found in Burke's Creek, near Wagga. Higgins disappeared in June la?t. At the in quest a verdict, of found drowned was returned. A plebiscite taken on the question of the lighting of the town of Mur willumbah resulted as follows: — For gas 90, for electricity 36 ; on the roll thero aro 476 voters.  THE MATH0URA FIRE. Extensive Losses, I On Wednesday afternoon a fire commenced ub Mr T. G. WragRo's Narlga Estate, and before it was uu tier control it dovasted over DO, 000 acres. It may bo safely assertod that it was tlie most disastrous fire which tho district has experienced tor many years. The outbreak was first dis covered on Narlga about noon on vVednesday and it spread at an alarm ing rate through Warbrecean, the eastern cornor of Cobran, across M-vthoura Estate and right on through the smaller holdings up to theBunaloo' road where, fortunately, its progress southwards was stopped. In au easterly direction it. spread to tho Doniliquin-RIathoura road west of the railway line beforcit was blocked. It is estimated roughly that an L-shaped area, 2D miles in length, varying from a few chains to 12 miles in breadth, was laid waste. When tho firo was first noticed on Warbreccan, tho manager, Mr R, Kiddle, with fire carts and men, went out, and numbers of neighbours with water carts also arrived on tho scone to fight the flames. A strong northerly wind was blowing, and the flames raced along at such lightning speed that it was impossible to work system atically in confining it. The big plains and timbered country just at this season of the year aro covered with long dry grass, and tho fire having started it defied the most strenuous efforts of the willing army of bush firemen to subdue it. Milo after mile it travelled, leaving a wide, blackened desolate course behind it, smouldering dobris and burning trees. Soveral thousands of acres on Warbreccau wuro burnt out, and then tlie flames continued their course unchecked to Mathuura Estate. A small corner of Cobran Estate was in the wake of the fire, and somo 1400 acres of grass were destroyod. Mr H. C. Parker, manager of Mathoura Estate, had all the availablo men and water carts out to try and check the fire, but tho relentless element dofied everything. It had now such a broad spread that whilo being temporarly checked in one locality it made headway in another, and ovontually went from one sido of the run to the other destroying thousands of acres of valuable grass lands and ruining miles of fencing subdividing the holding. Tho fire swept past the homestead and wool shed, which wero saved by means of fire breaks and men with carts and beaters. The smaller holdings between Mathoura Estato and the' Buualoo road wore tho next to suffer after tho fire had crossed the Estate, and nearly every one sustained heavy losses of bay, standing wheat crops or grass. A desperate fight was made to stop the flames from crossing tho Bunaloo, roadfor it- was felt that if tho firo once crossed the road terrible devastation must result. Early on Thursday morning the firo was apparently con quered, but at daybreak tho wind changed to the west and blowing with cyclonic force started tho lire atresh in numerous places. By ono o'clock tho Mathoura common was burning at several points, and half-an-hour later the flames oxtonded from the north to the south of tho area. Clouds of smoke and flying ashes of grass enveloped tho township and at the railway station the smoko was of such density that ono almost risked suffocation by remaining at the build ing. Around each of the wooden housos recently erected on tho west of tho lino groups of men were stationed as the fire came on, and by burning breaks or using their beaters they succeeded in preventing any of tho buildings from being destroyed. The housos of Messrs Hughes, T. llochford, G. Goodison, W. Reinkow slty, G, Gavel, Mrs Higging and J. Farroll were all safely protected by breaks being burnt, but in nearly ovory instance the grass paddocks or ' back yards ' adjoining were burnt out. The grass within a few feet of tho walls of the Shire Hall and in the adjoining yard was all burnt. The firo was checked from crossing tho road south of the railway station, and about six o'clock it was stopped on tho north opposito Leotham's Woodlawn estate, about twelve miles south of Deniliquin. Mr J. Jennison, farmer, whose pro perty is close to tho railway line a couple of miles from Mathoura, was a heavy loser. Tho firo reached his place about 10 o'clock on Thursday moraine, and burnt every aoro of grass and standing wheat crop and damaged a lot; of fencing. Tho wheat crop was being stripped and was yielding very heavily. Mr Jennison estimates tho destruction of his wheat crop means a loss of 1000 bags of wheat. It is not possible yet to definitely state the aotual lossos which havo oc curred bub tho following particulars wore gathered after careful inquiries ab Mathoura on Thursday afternoon by tho 'Pastoral Times' representa tive : D. Sinclair, Bunaloo road, burnt right out excopb hiB houso, also lost some sheep. H. Sinclair, all grass paddocks burnt, also two-roomed house, and somo shoep. Peter Sinclair, largo extent of grass country and three stacks of hay. Mrs Sinclair, several hundreds of acres of grass, and some stud ewes. Johnson Brothers, about 3000 acres of grass. C. Joss, 100 acres of grass, 140 acres of wheat (estimated to yield eight bags), and one stack of hay. James Glenn, about 90 acres of wheat, and 100 acros of grass. D. Glenn, about 800 acros of grass. E. D. Watts, 700 acres of graas; only the hous3 saved. — . Rees, ijurnt right out,' about 1000 acres. Widdis Brothers and C. Bartlett, who lost a big. area of grass by a firo a few weeks ago, are reported to have had tho balanje of their grass country burnt out. .T. Reinkowsky' lost ovor 200 acres and one hay stack. Mathoura Common, 400 acres, only small strips and patches of grass re ?maining. Nearly all the small special lease blocks and allotments opposito the railway station were burnt out, in cluding those of Messrs H. Lyte, J. H. Bock, Penglase, Treatt, J. Coppinger and J. Reinkowsky. Mr G. W. Horiot, of the Pastoral hotel, relates an incident in connec tion with the fire which shows that ho narrowly escaped being injured. He was returning from Jennison's farm when a burning tree fell across the roadway right in front of tho buggy. The horse just stopped in time to avoid being struck. On Mtiuhoura Estate a very large extent of the country was laid waste. Mr Parker, the manager, stated that at least 2D, 000 acres on tho station were burnt. It was reported that there had beon a largo number of sheep destroyed. Mr Parker, in reply to au inquiry on tho telephone, stated that between 000 and 700 sheep were found dead. Sergeant Jones, who was at Mathoura Estate on Thursday, saw over D00 doad sheep huddled together in the corner of a paddock. Apparently the 6heep had run down tho fences in front of tho fire and were suffocated with the smoke and heat or roasted by the firo when it reached them. The sheep were piled ono on top of the other, showing thnt the unfortunate animals in their efforts to escape tho fire had jumped on top of those that weakened and wero the first to fall from the effects of the smoko and heat. — Ab- ridged from ' Pastoral Times.'  DOINGS INiDIFFERENT DISTRICTS PARS FROM ALL PARTS. ! , A Western (paper remarks : Gone are the days wih'en the down trodden shearer had to tramp from run to run in search of a shed. The modern shearer is a much sought after per son, who demands shower baths and cyclone beds, and ; tbinks nothing of knocking out a tenner a week. A party of 42 shearers and shed hands was engaged in Sydney for the Gas coyne shearing. On arrival at Yal goo they found 11 motor cars lined up, and they travelled the last stage of the journey— a matter of 300 miles — in comparative luxury. Next year they hope to go to their sheds by aeroplane. 'Tiny' Carroll, the ex-heavyweight champion boxer- of Victoria, having twice 'taken the count,' is going back to the Front for the tihird - time. He was wounded in Gallipoli in No vember, 1915, and invalided back to Australia. He returned in 1916 to the Front, and was wounded and gassed at Bullecourt, and once again sent back to Australia. While away he also earned tJbe Royal Humane medal for rescuing a drowning comrade by diving from the troopship. Warrant officer Carroll, who was made a pre sentation last week by the women's committee of the - Returned Soldiers and Sailors Imperial League, said it hurt him . to be going to the Front again in company with so many young lads, when there were so many able-bodied older men walking the streets of Melbourne. In conclusion he said, 'There's a man's work- at the Front for a man to do, and it's a job worth doing. Tell the boys that are hanging back that they ought to come; they'll never regret it; they'll be proud of it all their days.' Mr. E. Brett has offered to light the streets of Jerilderie with electri city, providing eight 100-candle power lights, burning till midnight, for £73' per annum. The aldermen have de cided to go into the matter. For having furnished an incorrect income tax return on two occasions, a Richlmond, Melbourne, man was fined £175, with £10 10s costs. A Bairnsdale business man, in celebration of the safe return , of his soldier son from the front, recently paid all his employees double wages for the current fortnight.- . Another Bairnsdale man in taking . back . an employee wilo had 'done his bit,' raised his wages by £1 a week. May their example be emulated far and wide. . Mr. P. McGarry, the member for the Murrumbidgee, has broken with the National- Party, and ' has deter mined to sit on the cross benches as an independent. Interviewed, he said he would support the Government on matters, on which he was pledged during the last election. He would observe his responsibility to the electors of the Murrumbidgee ac cording to the general -understanding upon which he was -elected. He ad ded that most of his dissatisfaction was due to thie objectionable and ne gligent administration of the Govern ment. He. referred particularly to such undertakings as Yanco and the management of the Wheat Pool; An other matter that agitated him was the occasional leaning of the Govern ment to sectional interests. Such objectionable legislation as the Sedi tion Bill had hurried him.- to- a de cision. Those of us who have ? forgotten that the Riverina is subject to drou ghts are reminded of Wragge's fore casts. That weather man, who is at present in New Zealand, writes: 'A report is going thle rounds of the Aus tralian press that ? I forecasted seven years of drought. Pray, let me em phatically contradict this perversion of my actual seasonable forecasts, Following, as concisely as possible, is what I actually did say: 1901-2 bad, 'so 'called drought; 1903, improv ing;.1904 to 1909, good seasons; 1910 11, falling off; 1912-13-14, bad sea sons, but intervening rain notwith standing; 1915, improving; 1916 to 1920, good seasons; 1921-22, falling, off; 1923-24, bad drought; 1925-26, improv ing; 1927 to 1930, good seasons. These will be modified by latitiude and physical geography.'. Extensive improvements are being made at the Narandera Shiow ground. It is- estimated that the voluntary work done* including the donation of materials; is- in- the vicinity of £300.. , The Wagga 'Advertiser,' in a lead ing article condemning many of the 'show parasites,' who plied their calling at the Wagga Show last week, gives thie Narandera Repatriation Committee a pat on the back for its sta.nd in prohibiting side-shows at the forthcoming patriotic show other than those run in aid of the Repatria tion Fund. After referring to the trickery of some of these shows, the paper, Says: 'The able-bodied loafers who plied their 'callings' along the avenues of entrance and egress were an effront to the girls and women, who, at great sacrifice of time, work ed in reality .for the men who are fighting to keep whole skins on these masqueraders. It is refreshing to note that at Narandera, where the Show is being held for patriotic pur poses, the committee has decided that there shall be no side-shows. The evident intention is that the public's spare cash, as far as it is laid, out, shall be- devoted to the cause which the exhibition aims to benefit. ? The decision is logical.' The Narandera decision might well be adopted, in other centres. 