 WEATHER CYCLES AND COMETS. Mr. W. II. Webb, Bathurst, writes: —'Early in March Mr. T. W. Keele gave an interesting account' of his in vestigations on weather cycles, and quoted from the Bible in support of his theory that 'the 11-year cycle is the true periodicity.' lie studied the Dar ling River and Lake George flood re cords, and iroiu the latter says: 'It clearly shows a period of 57 years.' From 'the. annual inundations of the Nile as far back as 173G and up to 1!)05 — it became evident that its period must be either .114 years or 171 years. ' Then lie quotes the late Mr. Symons ou British rainfall showing 57 years, and' historical events from Walford's and other catalogues as showing 171 years as the 'regular intervals.' Con cerning the 171 years cycle, I wrote some time ago that life was too short to worry over a 171 year's cycle, and I observe that Mr. T. E. Willis is of the same opinion. It is interesting to see that Mr. Ivecle admits that 'thero were evidences that some mysterious in fluence affected tho weather every 19 years.' When I first read of Mr. Kee'e's 171 years' cycle, some months ago, I wondered whether ho ? ever thought of a peculiarity iu his findings, viz., that all of his arguments support the 19 years', cycle, so ably worked out for some time by tlic late Mr. Russell, inasmuch as he names a 57 years' cycic, which is really three periods of 19 years and his 171 years cycle is also three periods, but of 57 years, and nine of the 19 years cycle. I always believe in looking at the bright side of things; hence shortly after reading Mr. Clement Wragge's alarming statement, pub'ished on Sep tember 11, 190S, that 'the rainfall in .Australia will now fall off, but the coming drought will probably be not so severe as the last,' in Janauary of 1909 when I had completed some investiga tions after several months of very dry weather, 1 wrote that good rains were not far off. Only a few days later ex cellent rains fell, January finishing with 370 points at Bathurst, and the year turning out one of the best for nine years, not only here, but all over the State. It is now just 12 months since I wrote regretting that the Com monwealth Meteorology Department did not publish tho va'uable informa tion that the late Mr. Russell used to give and, as people .were complaining bitterly about tho dry spell then prevail ing, especially about Sydney and the South Coast ,both being about one-third short, the Hunter and Manning one quarter short, tho central west slopes the same short, the north coast ouc t'enth, and south tableland one-twe'fth short, I said that some of them might reasonably expect early relief. Every one of these had magnificent rains, aud finished up the year 1909 with great increases. And since then greater rains have fallen, even to severe floods, in several parts, and ' waterspouts have been seen on the ocean. The important question to now con sider is: — What is probable after the fearful downpours in Europe, on the ocean, and some parts of Australia? The long dry spells since March 12 last, when 114 points fell, and only 41 points -W1 Anvil IS ' -ill/1 11 „n AiM-il -M f„.r/.f_ her with severe frosts, and good threat euings, but all going away, and other bad signs, one is reluctantly compelled to feel that some 'mysterious influence' is at work interfering with the 39 years cycle, and that possibly Mr. Cement Wragge's drought has com menced. The passing of the stars Venus and Jupiter brought nice rains. The Aurora Australia brought lovely rains. The so lar eclipse apparently did nothing. It is Hall'ey's comet that wc now look to as the cause of the trouble. The last great comet that wo remember was that of 1881. The year 1880 was a drought, and this continued until 188G; and thou sands of live stock in this State and in Queensland died. Creeks dried up abou't Bathurst and Orange that were never known dry before. It has boen said that it is 74 years since Ilalley's comet appeared until now. That takes us back to'183G (it appeared in 1835). As a boy I well remember my late grandfather often speak of the fearful drought of 1839. It was long and bad; and, as we usually speak of 'them from the close, it is most like'y :to have u#-fi I'.f-n/i »w-i-- isar, As severe droughts followed the ap pearance of the comets in 1835 and 1881 wo fear it may be a dry time during the next two or three years, notwith standing the fact that the great south ern, anti-cyclonic belt is in tho rainy season. We have had the assurance of Mr. Wragge that the drought will not be 'so severe as the last; hence we can rest assured that the country will. sur- vive it. It is considered by many land owners in the 'Riverina that the development of many districts would be enhanced by the State Government granting power to tho sliire councils to construct light railway lines. Several Queens land lines are municipalised. The Becn leigh line becomes the absolute pro perty of the farmers when all the in-' stalnicnts arc paid. In every case in tho northern State tho money so invested roturns a profit to the councils.  WRAGGE'S LATEST. WARNINC TO FARMERS. j Mr. Clement Wragge offers some recent observations on the universal subject of the weather. ' The only immediate prospect of intervening showers in inland and Riverina district lies in the fact that extreme northern edge of an antarctic depression, named ' Conroy,' is S.S W. irom 'jueeuwin. Uonroy ' means well, and to him farmers must look during tbe ensuing ten days for a temporary refreshing precipitation. But two gigantic anti cyclones, or high pressure systems, on either side are doing their utmost, as it were, to block him, and it must candidly be admitted that the situatioa away from the coast looks very serious. Solar conditions spell drought, as special observations clearly show, while opposite effects have been, and will yet be manifest in the Northern Hemisphere, to wit, the American floods— negative ' and posi tive etheric vibrations operating re spectively- by wiroless waves linking up the sun with the earth. ' How much longer must we sound the warning note. We knew in 1904 that 1912 would be a bad year in con tinental Australia. I frankly told the people so eight years ago, arid was laughed at by those who had neither ?brains nor the wisdom to understand. iJut to ory at tnei present time would be absurd. Now is the time for manly action on the part of the farmers and pastoralists. Let them be up and do ing—let them make wells, dam the little creek beds on their holdings, con* serve, conserve, and let not the pro verbial ' drop ' of any intervening rain run to waste. Remember, Wragge I is your best friend.'. . I Mr. Wragge lecturos here next Wed* nesday night.  SEASONS AND SOLAR SYSTEMS. MR. WRAGGE 'S REAL FORECAST. Homo remarks attributed to Mr. Clement L. Wragge, whoso name as a mctcrologist is known the world over, by a Melbourne paper a short while ago, cast a gloom,' as tho death no tices say, over the farmers and pastora lists of Australasia. But it seems that Mr. Wragge did not say what he is said to have said, so he sets himself right with thoso . gentlemen who fol low the cult of the land, sheep, horse, or cow, as a profession, and with the country generally. Said tho big chief weather prophet between pipe-puffs and re-lights:— 'A few weeks ago I gave a forecast to the Melbourne 4 'Age,' and stated that between 1010 and 1915, or at the utmost 1916, the rainfall in Australia as a whole would fall below the aver age. Such is understood liv tlio 'drought,' remembering that drought, meteorologically understood, means pre cipitation under tho average amount, and does not necessarily imply such a drought as that which was experienced iu 1901-2. I further stated, or implied, that the falling under the average (or 'drought') would be more pronounced i iu tho inland districts of Australia than would be tho case near the coast; and that if pastoralists, fanners, and others were wise they would not ovorstock but would conserve water while it is yet here and would certainly make ensilage and store up fodder instead of burning it and letting it go to waste. Such teach ing, it would be understood, is thorough ly in harmony with the parable of the 10 virgins, five of whom were wise, and five were foolish. NO PROPHECY OF 'SEVERE DROUGHT.' 'Now, the report was immediately circulated, and particularly in Gipps land aud parts of New South Wales, that 'Mr. Wragge had said that Aus tralia was ou the eve of six years se vere drought.' I never used thoso words, and strictly adhere to what has already been said in the foregoing, namely, that a deficiency of rainfall, more or less, will be experieuced within or during the period named, aud this is the very best that meteorological science cau give at this present stage iu the history of weather study.' 'On what do you base your con clusions, Mr. Wragge?' 'My answer is threefold. To fore cast seasons one must study first tho physical condition of the suu, with rc spect to what are known as its maxima and minima moods; secondly, the as tronomical position of the moon, and the swing of lunar declination north and south from the equator, which pro duces tides iu tho atmosphere analogous to thoso produced in the ocean; and thirdly, the perturbations produced ou this planet and its atmosphere by the as tronomical positions of our fellowplan ets. This latter is very complex, and for the subject of our interview may be practically waived. ??io speaK particularly with respect to the sun. It is now well' known that that subtlo medium called tho ether, by which wireless telegraphy becomcs pos sible, is, in reality, the all-pervading' ocean of electricity that links together ovorything that is in tho vast abysses of tho eternal heavens — called the Su pra-Uuiverse — and everything that is in the profundities of the Infra-Universe — by which is moant the atoms, rnolo cules, germs, corpuscles, and electrons. In a word, everything is linked up by tho other, aud , everything forms part and parcel of everything else; and it is all the same story from the corpuscle to the mighty sun Canopus. And, as our sun, milliards of years ago, was hurled off from a mass of disintegrating ne bula, so was this earth cast off from the sun by a process analogous to tho dis integration of tho radium atom about 900,000,000 years ago, as far as scienco can at present fix the period, and tho moon in its turn was hurled off the earth. Our fellow-planets, also, were hur led into space from the solar orb at dif ferent periods in the history of our solar system. WIRELESS TO THE SUN. 'Bearing in mind, then, what has already been said, it will at once be conceded that tho oarth aud the sun are in harmony, or linked up by 'wire less,' through' 93 millions of miles. And they as tho great liydrogon flames leapt from tho sun's atmosphere to a height oven exceeding 334,000 miles, and as the great storms, called the sun spots, break out, somo havinjr diameters of from 30,000 to 80,000 miles, hurl off vi bratious or pulsations to tho very ether itself which are analogous to Marconi waves. Such may also bo likoucd — to give a popular idea — to tho waves form ed in water when a stoue is thrown in. Under the Titanic ctheric waves hurled off by tho sun this earth throbs and pul sates exactly as a telegraph wire un der tho hand of the operator. Vibrations with respect to this planet act in much tho same way as a controller acts to an engine, at tho one timo 'drawing tho strings' — to uso au expression — and at another letting them loose. They aro therefore immediately responsible for thu volcanic eruptions, the earthquakes, tidal waves, and hurricanes, and not only displace all aurorae, but' also, aud very especially, for abnormalities, in sea sons — as droughts, famiuos, floods, and good passages; tho prevalence or other wise of certain diseases also come un der tho same influence.' SOLAR VIBRATIONS AND SEASONS 'What has led you to concludo that the solar vibrations affect tho soasons?' 'Well, I have been a student of solar physics for about 35 years, and claim to have proved that when the sun is at his maximum energy tho rainfall in tho southorn homisphoro is over tho aver ago, aud that when the sun is under tho nti ni in uni influcnco bad seasons prevail in tho southern hemisphere, and particu larly in Australia, which, by its peculiar geographical position, is 'particularly susceptible to solar influence. Tho very opposite prevails in the northern hemi sphere aud the two hemispheres respond in opposite ways to the sun's conditions, exactly as we have opposite circulation of the winds around the cyclones and anti-cyclones in the northern aud south ern hemispheres respectively. During the maximum of the sun, moreover, earthquakes and volcanic action, with drought, are particularly marked iu the northern hemisphere, while the southern hemisphere is then more or less in a state of seismic rest, with good sea sons. When the minimum of the sun comes oil, or is evolving— for it is a gradual process— then- earthquakes and volcanic action begin to fall off in the northern hemisphere, and the rainfall to go up, while earthquakes and seismic nction become more marked in the south ern hemisphere. It is only necessary to go back into recent, history. The crest of the solar maximum occurred in 1905, and since then, to .1909, the maximum has been gradually falling off by a series of minor crests. But yet in the aggregate the maximum period has been abnormally prolonged, evidently owing to a dark sun or other cosmic body getting on our suu. THE BOOM IN EARTHQUAKES. , 'Cast, j'our minds back into recent history, and this hypothesis will be found to have been fulfilled to the let ter. Remember the earthquake of April, 1905, in India, when the sun was at the height of its energy; the subsequent earthquake, in Japan and Formosa; the disastrous Italian earthquake of a few years ago, when Arcsuvius was in full eruption; the San Franciscan and West Indian earthquakes, and others, includ ing those in tho south of France and in Mexico. And be it said that on every occasion cited great upheavals were tak ing place in the sun. During the maxi mum period, moreover, .remembering what I have said, a terrible drought prevailed in Spain and in other- parts of Europe, especially in south-eastern Russia, where, as the cablegrams told us, parents were forced to sell their very offspring for bread; then there was the Manchurian droughts, etc., and all the while Australia, don't forget, was enjoying good seasons. As the sun's condition has since been approaching the minimum trough, what do we find? We find the conditions becoming ox actly reversed, namely, floods in Spain, floods in Paris, in Italy, and Central Europe; floods in England; the great floods in Japan, involving millions of pounds damage, and ,tlic cloudbursts in America — and particularly the Yoscmito Valley. ? Meantime, tho incoming influence of the solar minimum is now affecting Australasia, where, already, in certain parts,, as, for instance, Gipps land, the Otago goldfields in New Zea land, and elsewhere, the rainfall has fal len under tho average, and earthquake action has gone up, as is evidenced by the records of the seismographs at the Sydney, Melbourne, and Perth Observa tories.' 'When your original forecast of a coming deficiency was given a few years ago, I think you mentioned that 1910 would be a bad year?' 'Yes, I did, and I predicted tho worst would be about 1912, but then I was not awaro of tho extraneous cosmic influ oncc that acted to prolong abnormally the maximum mood of tho suu. And thus I have to add on two years at least, and make the 'drought,' or undertlie average, period between or during the closing part of 1910 and the end of 1910. LOCKING TIIE RIVERS. 'You will understand that this is a big subjcct, and ono most absorbingly interesting to all Australians, and it is difficult to do full justice to it in -an ordinary newspaper interview. If a couu try would succeed, it can only bo by its people bringing themselves into har mony with cosmic law, which alone en ables a nation to master its fate and fulfil its destiny. Therefore, aud speak ing from the scientific and logical point of view, I argue that it will be more statesmanlike and rational for tho Fedo ral Government to spend the money in tended for Yass-Canbcrra on pluckily taking the conditions in hand' with a masterly grip, and locking tho rivers, such as the Murray and its tributaries, the Maranoa, the Warrego, and tho Darling, and others, and consorvo water. With this tho country could bo irrigated and the wilderness made to smilo like Eden. The climate could thus be modi fied, ucutralisinir ou tho one linml flm effects of the hot, burning wind, aud ou the other modifying to an extent the cold busters from the south. 'With a rational and national scheme of water conservation and inland irriga tion tho desert wastes of Australia might be redeemed and mado as fertile as thoso of tho valley of Utah, which I personally know. Such would bo true statesmanship, aud the Federal capital might well bo held over in tlio nioantiino First', what is wanted in Australia is population, but population cannot bo settled on a large scale under the con ditions at present prevailing inland. They must bo mado agreoablo to tlio conditions of tho progressive settlor's life.' THE COMING SHORTAGE. 'Do you think, Mr. Wragge, that the deficiency in rainfall which you pre dict between 1910 and 1910 will bo as severe as the 1901-2 drought?' 'No, as far as can bo seen, it will not, because tho socond factor, namely, tho astronomical position of the moon is operating against tho incoming mini mum mood of the sun. Tho swing of lunar declination has increased, and is increasing. Thus tlio vibrations of the atmosphere, particularly over ocoanic aroas, will bo lifted in tho form of tides to the upper regions, thero to bo condensed into a certain amount of rain by the cold, highpressure systoms, disregarding the difference of prossurc duo to difference in height. It will thus bu understood that tho moon is acting against the sun. But tho sun has tho first say in the matter. Therefore, there will be the deficiency in rainfall with in or during the years I have already stated, Q.E.D. . 'Let farmers aud pastoralists then, be wise, and follow my advice. There is no need for alarm. Let their jjrayer be: 'Great Architect of the Universe, give me wisdom; let me dam and conserve the waters and fodder.' 'Such,' said the fortune-teller of the elements, concluding, 'is true logic, and I can say no more.' 