 CU URENJ TOPICS. New Insolvent.--Edward Jackson, of Launceston, leather dealer, has filed a petition. with the Registrar (M\r. N. V. Barnett) for the liquidation of his affairs. !Iis liabilities are estimated at about £150. Newnham Races.--The May meeting of the Newnham Racing Club will take place at Mowbray on Saturday. The lirst race will start at 1.45, and trains will leave the Launceston Railway Sta tion for the course at 1.10 and 1.25 p.m. City Council.-The city coiucil will meet as uisBal on Monday. After the town clerk has read the minutes, his Worship the Mayor (Alderman WV C. Oldham) will make a short reference to his late Majesty King Elward. No busi ness will be *transacted, and the meeting will adjourn for a fortnight. Trimmer Injured.-A trimmer engaged on the t.s. Loongana m?et with a rather serious accident on Tuesflay night, when the vessel was coming from Melbourne. it appears that while working in the stoke-hold he slipped and fell, severely in juring his back. Upon arrival of the vessel at the wharf the injured sman received medical attention. Serious Charge.--ln the case of the elderly man Jolhn Rushton, who stands charged on two counts with a serious of fence, alleged to have been committed at Gladstone, a remand until to-morrow has been granted. This course was the outcome of anl application to Mr. E. L. I[all, P.M., made yesterday morning by lDetective-lnspcctor Donovan, who ex. plained that the adjournment was by ar. raugement. The accused was present in custody. Remarkable Discovery.-The workmen engaged in excavation operations on the site of Nestle's milk condensing factory, at Warrnambool (Vie.), have come across what is believed to be a petrified human hand. It was unearthed at a depth of 20 feet, and is complete from the wrist to the finger points. The finger nails are clearly defined. The object resembles a clay substance similar to the ground in which it was discovered. It most probably will be procured for the local museum. Engines Derailed.-Last evening's train from Scottsdale to Launceston met with a slight accident, which delayed her arrival in town by about an hour. When the train was approaching the Tunnel station the engine left the rails. After an hour's delay, during which time the engine was replaced on the metals, the train continued its journey. The mail train from IIobart also suffered a de tention of about two hours yesterday morning. The delay was caused by a breakdown of the engine before reaching Conara. A.N.A.-The fortnightly meeting of the Australian Natives will be held at S o'clock to-night in the classroom of the Mechanics' Institute. The committee will meet at 7.30 for the transaction of important business. Unless the meeting be adjourned on account of the demise of the King, several questions of inter est will be discussed. The matter of issuing members' certificates will be dealt with, and oflicers for the ensuing term nominated. The syllabus item will be extempore speaking, which should cause a good deal of amusement. The public, as usual, are cordially invited. 'lheosophy.-"Life's Mysteries and the Answer of Theosophy," was the subject of a lecture delivered by Mr. IMartyn, president of the Sydney Theosophical Lodge, at the local rooms, Tamar-street, last night. Life he regarded as the unfolding of a divine germ-a germ which was planted in every human breast. This idea involved the brotherhood of man, which was the one fundamental idea of theosophy-a brotherhood not implying equality, however. This divine germ Sassumed many forms, as illustrated in the different races of the world, and coming into life again, and again gradually gain ed experience and attained perfection. An interesting discussion followed. Accident on a Ketch.-A youth named Basil Stephens was brought to the city yesterday by the river steamer Rowitta t suffering from severe burns. The in juries were received while he was work ing with his father on the auxiliary ketch William, at Beauty Point. From infor mation received, it appears that Stephens was attending to the engine, but as an order to go astern was not obeyed, the f master of the vessel went to invcstigate, and looking down the cabin hatch, found t the boy lying across the engine. lie had 1 evidently been overpowered by the gas - fumes, as he was in an unconscious t condition. The heat from the engine 1 had also severely burnt the boy's foot and leg. Passengers Disappear.--Ouring the voyage from London to Australia of the I Royal Mail Orient liner Ophir, which ar rived at Port Melbourne on Monday, two t third-class passengers disappeared at dif Cerent stages of the trip, and in each case it is supposed that the missing men jumped overboard. The first of these Stragic incidents happened the night fol Slowing the departure of the liner from Marseilles, and although a strict search was made for the missing man, no trace of him was discovered. Subsequently, Slwhen the vessel was crossing the Indian I Ocean, a second man was missed, and was not afterwards seen. He is said to Shave been peculiar in his manner for some time previously: Both of the men, by a comincidence, were booked for Fremantle, - but they yvere strangers to one another. The King's Funeral.-The council of Sthe Traders' Association will to-day give e consiselration to the suggestion made 1 by the MIayor (Alderman W. C. Oldham) in yesterday's "Eixaminer," that the business places should close-on Friday Safternoon, 20th inst., in lieu of Wednes dad so as to ensure all the employees getting away in time to attend the "in memoriam" services for the late King. to be held on that day. The meeting will take place at 11 o'clock. The chair man (hMr. C. Dempster) has informed his Worship that several of the members are inclined to fall in with the proposal. - Tt is understodd, however, that there are others who favour closing both after noons, whilst a third proposal is that the shops should remain open on Wed neeay, and be closed throughout the whole of the Friday. The matter will be billy disonsmed at to-day'. meeting. A Snaring Covw.-Recently several per sons residing at a boarding.-ous at Stawell, Victoria, drew the borough coun. cil's attention to a nuisance caused by the repeated mooing throughout the night of a cow in an adjoining ard, The matter was reported to the health inspector (Mr. George Humphreys), who on Friday evening replied as follows. "As regards the mooing of the cow I have made a pathological examinatlon of this animal, and from information re. ceived as to its peculiarities, find that the quadruped, like many bipeds, suffers from al particular physical failinii known comunonly as snoring. I have spoken to the owner, who has promised me that in future this cow' will not be allowed to dine so freely before retiring for the night, and, in consequence of this, I do not think there need be any fear that for some time, at least, the cow and her dissatisfied neighbours will not be able to enjoy the benefit of a peaceful slumber." Girls' Industrial School.-The usual monthly meeting of the ladies' com. mittee was held on Tuesday at the resi. dence of Mrs. Button, when there were present-Mrs. Button (in the chair), Mrs. A. Clarke, Miss Mosey, and Mrs. Scott (secretary). Apologies were received from Mesdames Barnes and Lakin. The matron's report was read, and considered satisfactory. It showed that the general health and conduct of the girls was good. Two little girls had been admitted dur. ing the month. The weekly gymnasium class had been reopened, Miss A. White again kindly acting as instructress. The committee was indebted to Mr. Coogan for the gift of eight pairs of clubs for the use of the class. It was decided to make an effort in the form of a concert in aid of the piano fund, this being a much-felt want. The usual accounts were passed for payment, and the follow. ing contributions were thankfully acknowledged:-"Courier" and daily paper, "Examiner" office; pears. Mrl. Wheatley; vegetables and fruit, Margaret-street harvest festival; jam, a friend; apples, a friend; buns, IMr. Innocent; fruit and vegetables, Iadspen harvest festival; vegetables, Mrs. Price. Solar Observatory for Australia.-Lec. turing on the "Romance of the Atmo. epherc," at the Town Hall, HIobart, on Tuesday night, and dwelling largely on the methods of weather forecasting, MIr. Clement Wragge touched upon the sub. ject of la astronomical and solar ob. servatory for Australia. This, lie point. ed out would be a great deal more re. liable and accurate than the system at present in use, for it was the change in the colour systemnthat more often than not caused the change in the weather, and airected the seasons. While in India he had even been able to forecast the stay of disease simply by observing the chaniges of weather that wouhi be wrought by disturbances in the solar system. lfe was pleased to hear that there was a possibility of an observa tory being erected on the site of 'the proposed federal capital at Yass-Can berra, and he was doubly pleased 'because while he was in the Queensland Meteoro. logical Department he had constantly ad vocated this site, but he liad.been laugh. ed at. "But I knew it, I knew it," said he. "They thought old Wragge was wrong, but now they've found out that he's right." (Applause.)-"Daily Post." Weather Forecasts.-Apropos of some recent remarks in the "Examiner" on the subject of weather forecasting, it is interesting to note that notwithstand. ing the inauspicious date, the Meteorolo. gical Office, London, on April 1 inaugu rated a new and interesting departure as regards its forecasts. Hitherto (says a London paper), in deference to the cproverbial fickleness of the British cimate, these have been for. 24 hour only, but in future, when the condition appear to warrant it, a forecast for several days ahead will be issued. .n illustration of the possibilities in this respect has been afforded by the weta ther of the past weec, the barometer very generally standing high, the condi. tions being known to meteorologists as anti-cyclonic, and such as normally would justify a forecast of fine weather dur ing several days. On the other hand, with an unsettled type of weather such as is commonly associated with cyclonic disturbances, the prospects are lesi easily gauged, and in such circumstances the Meteorological Office will in future frankly say so. An intimation of these differences in the outlook will, it is hoped, prove especially useful to agri culturists. Recruiting Labour.-Considerable in. terest has been manifested in the en deavours of the Queensland sugar com panies to recruit labour in Tasmania, and the efforts of the agents have been com bated in more than a few quarters. At an open-air meeting held at the Cornwall Squ.-re last night, under the auspices of the local Labour people, Senator ReadV, in a general way, urged the labourers lwho had been attracted by the offers of remunerative employment not to under mine unionism, 'which the signing of the agreement drawn up by the mill pro prietors practically meant. Mr. E. Evans, secretary of the Tasmanian branch of the A.W.U., explained the clauses of the agreement in a manner calculated to im press 'the workers with the idea that labour on the Queensland sugar planta. tions would not be all it 'had been repre sented to be. A resolution was passed to tihe effect that, in view of the terms of thee agreement the men were required to sign, and also in view of information re ceived from union sources that there 5ss plenty of local labour obtainable, it would be detrimental to the best interests of the workers of Tasmania and also the Queensland sugar workers if the agree ment were signed. Tie meeting also pledged itself not 'to sign the proposed agreement, and 'to use its 'best endeavours to prevent it being signed by others, a° it w?as believed to be directly opposed to organised labour. "Downing-street" Sent to fee the Colonies.-"Note on a visit to Auss tralia, New Zealand, and Fiji," is the title of a short White Paper (says the "Daily Mail"), which inaugurates a new epoch in the history of the Colonial Office. It is a step to replace red tipi by personal contact and friendship, to send the permanent officials in Downing street out to see the dominions whiol they have hitherto known chiefly in Blue Books. Lord Crewe, the Colonial Secre tary, adopted the new idea from s proposal made by Mr. Dealkin at the Im' perial Conference of 1907. He sent out Sir Charles Lucas, the Assistant Permsa nent Under-Secretary, and now Sil Charles has written a brief note on thi lessons lie learnt. He admits that the time spent, seven months, was too short, and that the fact that he stayed mostly with Governors may have coloured his views. But 'he saw on the spot the origin of 'the colonial feeling again"s "Downing-street," and that the remedy is cheapness and frequency of coimmuni cation. Owing to the cost of cablegrams lie noticed in the Australasian press "half-knowledge" of home affairs, whki lie says, may have a dangerous effect of public opinion. He notes the good re' sult of the Imperial Press Conference i a cheapening cablegrams, but urges tbt personal visits are still more valuble. "I earnestly -hope for further cheaspensi of steam communication, and shold welcome any measure which would ple visits to England more within -reach " SLabour representatives." He urges re petition of visits like his by permnlee officials. He speaks very highly of cr Zealand-"it would be difficult to pai to any part of the world which combirt Smore advantages within the same spe --and considers tiat inadequate t'n and telegraphic communication with j haaaot tha High ommsluiona r, J Conferences in Hobart.-Two import ant conferences. are being projected, and twill take place in Hobart in the course of a few days. One will be that of fruitgrowers, to consider a letter from at Messrs. Henry Jones and Co., Limited, with respect to a scheme for exploiting da new markets in the East in connection cO with the export of fruit. The other will be a conference of members, of the IV, Chamber of Commerce and others inter- by ested in the subject of the new railway lhi station for Hobart. In connection with this very desirable object it is necessary Vi (says the "Mercury"), that something to definite should he rormulated, and aC T' united voice raised for better and iran- ~ proved railway facilities in time for the to fortheoning meeting of the State Par liament, when several matters of rail- hl way policy and railway management a are likely to be debated. Halley's Comet.-Our Stanley corre- m spondent writes:-Halley's comet has to been so frequently seen by Stalley rcsi- si dents as to induce thle familiarity which Is said to breed contempt. The impres- of sions of those favoured with a view are b) somewliat conflicting, but all express dis- fo appointment at the celestial visitor's lack I a of imposing personality, so to speak. Cer- uc tsinly, one estimable townsman, "going to home witli the milk in the morning," re- Di ports the appearance of twin comets of S1 fearsome aspect, which lashed fiery tails, es after the nmaunner assumed by hungry de lions. His statement was considered s highly interesting, and has been filed at tie local observatory, pending confirms- 1 tion. It is to be hloped that the report b3 may be substantiated, as the incident fur- 1D mishes about the sole relieving feature a, in connection with this much-boomed ;, comet. Of course, Halleys production al may prove satisfactory to most people, se but this community takes a large size ,1 in comets and absolutely declines to ac- M cept an article that wouldn't find a place NM in a ssvoud-rate circus. II The Eclipse.--Our Stanley correspon- tc deu?t writes under date Wednesday:-- in The almost total eclipse of the sun occa- to sioned much interest on Monday, and tilhe ci favourable weather conditions mnade hi every stage distinctly visible. At the [dnal stage but a minute streak remained is nmobscured, and the gradually fading at light had a weird effect. Smoked glass Is everywhere predominated, and through 0 its medium ex'tced groups ioted the l] changing aspect of the world's illuminary. U Those most conversant with the mysteries mc of the solar system obt:ained strong w glasses at the nearest "pub," and their N observations were regarded as the more Z occurate. To the writer. 'however, Itheir observations appeared singularly iudi.- : cinet and incoherent, but this may ihave 1 ibeen due to an excited imaginwcion. pl Others arrived on the scene provided withl i specially-prepared telescopes, and the ci primitive smoked glass in the immuediate 5 vicinity suffered a decided slump in local n estimation. The sense of relief to all fi sighters was apparent when, shortly be- t. fore retiring to rest. Old Sol beamed forth as brightly as before.his temporary .obscuration. t Poultry, Pigeons, and Canaaces.-A profitable hour can always be spent in I viewing a good show of poultry, pigeons, 'and eags birds, and such an exhibition was witnessed at the Temperance Hall yester-. day afternoon and evening. It was the occasion of the initial show of the iLaunceston Poultry Club, an organisation that has not yet been in existence a I year. The committee, however, is an active body, and when it first mentioned the idea of holding a young bird show, the matter was taken up warmly, more especially by the young breeders, and the 1 eresult was a splendid exhibition of poultry, pigeons, and canaries. The entries in the two last-named classes (were principally supplied by members of the N.T. Canary, Cage Bird, and Pigeon Society, this exhibition taking the place of the latter body's monthly young bird show. Tile exhibits were of splendid quality, some very fine poultry being ppenned. A resident of Surrey Hills, Victoria, who is spending a few months "in this city, and who has conducted a large poultry farm for several years, was b. visitor to the ball, and he declared that ie was favourably impressed with the show of poultry, some of which would k*i credit to the show pens of the larger states. Man, whose industrial occupations and sporting and political life have been in vaded by the new woman, is going to be completely revenged. It has been ar ranged that he shall wear gorgeous at tire, more strikingly brilliant than any thing he has hitherto donned. As to any very distinct change in footwear our authority is silent. Petterd and Co. continue to supply the best quality of boots and shoes in the most fashionable shapes. Boot Palace prices are still the towest in the state. Tel. 191.* Got a sold? Don't let it grow into a cough that might end in consumption. Tussine, the great'chest preserver and lung healer, is waiting to rout all the cough from your chest. It acts quickly; it cures surely. If you want the best cough remedy on the market, you must buy Tussine, the cough cure. Price 1/6 anmd 2/G--Hatton and Laws. Druggists, Launceston.* Beaconsfield.-Mr. R. Stewart Padman, Ophthalmic Optician and Sight/Specialist, .vill visit Beaconsfield on Wednesday, May 18, and may be consulted at Mlorgan's Exchange Hotel from 1 p.m. to 9 p.m. Intending clients are invited to commu nicate with head office, 62 St. John-street, .iunceston, when special appointment ?ill be arranged.* Diamonds are Trumps at Stewart's. 'Our display of diamond half-hoop and gipsy rings is especially good just now. ITe have diamond rings from four pounds to fifty-five pounds each." You are in Cited to inspect thei.-Fli. and W. Stewart, Jewellers, 100 Charles-street, Launceston.*  CURRIENT TOPICS. Hotels Raidd.--'The police paid close attention to the hotels yesterday, seve ral of which were raided. As a result of the visitation some prosecutions for Sunday trading are likely to follow. The 'Appleland Courier."--So that cer tain of the proceedings incidental to the events of Friday last may be illustrated, the "Appleland" number of the "Courier" will not be published until Thursday, June 2. New I.nsolvent.-William Jas. Ilison, of MIoreton, near Sprent, farmer, has filed a petition with the Registrar. (Mr. N. V. Barnett) for the liquidation of his affairs. His liabilities are estimated at '£300. Charge of Vagrancy.-On Saturday night Constable Cooper arrested William Watson, aged 3S, on a charge of vag rancy. It is stated that he has no fixed place of abode or means of gaining a livelihood, and has only recently com pleted a sentence for a similar offence. The English Mail.-The Orient Com pany's R.M.S. Osterley, with English files and letters to April 22, reachedAde,. laic'e on Saturday. Her mails for the eastern states were sent on by express train, and the Tasmanian portion will arrive by the Loongana on Wednesday. The Game Laws.-At a meeting of tne Executive Council a proclamation pro hibiting the hunting of deer and opossum in Tasmania, except on King Island, for a period of 12 months, was approved Albatross and Poster Islands, in Base Straits, have been proclaimed sanctuari?s for sea birds. lainful Accident.-Our Lisle-road cor respondent writes:-A very painful acci dent happened to Mr. M. Ferguson a day or so ago. He was engaged carting stone with bullocks, whllen, by some means or other, in walking alongside his leam, he tripped and fell. The wheel of the dray with its load passed over one of his legs below the knee. Fortunately, no bones were broken, which seems hardly credible. Sun Spot Activity.-Mr. Clement Wragge writes:-"Great changes have taken place in the great sun spot or solar storm since Thursday. It has in creased in energy, and is now about 27,000 miles in diameter, and the smaller solar disturbances, also noted on the 10th, have largely amalgamated with the main nucleus. Th?t the earth is re sponding, and will yet respond, to the etheric.vibrations hurled adrift by this great solar cyclone, is certain, and we may expect to hear that abnormal tidal action or seismic or volcanic disturb ance has taken place in such parts of the earth as are most liable to be affected. Arroral displays may be expected in high latitudes" . . , "A Rogue in Ambush."--The proprie- I tors of the 'Courier" have secured from oni Ward, Lock, and Co., Limited, the Tas- wit manian copyright of a thrilling new fo' serial tale by that clever writer, 1leadon H' Hill. The story is entitled "A Rogue in a Ambush," ald the opening chaoters will 10 he publtshed in this week's numrber. The sue "Courier" is noted for the excellence of for its serials, and "A Rogue in Ambush" fn will be found at particularly interesting, ia story. ti l Mishap to a 'Bus Horse.-A peculir 'lie n: a.,p uve urr'. to one of the ýand hill 'bus Ihorses on Friday evening at do the top of \'ellinlgton-road. A swingle- e tree became detached, and one of tie th anilmals fell. In soUler. unexplained mlain- f nIr this horse got hboth hind legs through so one of the wheels, and a curious situa tion presented itself. duch difficulty it was experienced in freeing the horse front tile position it had got into. This, however, was succes.fully done, the horse tl having only received a few sliglht cuts. tr Those who witnessed thle accident were t surprised at the anuimal escaping serious t injury. fi Exciting Bolt.-About 2 o'clock on Sat- 1C urday afterinoon, when the tralffic was a very heavy. "at exciting holt occurred in to 'Tantar-street. A pair of horses at- tr tacited to a cab driven by George Mar- fi, riner took frighit in Tamtar-street througt fe one of hlie reins breaking The driver ki caught the off-sitie horse by the head, ,, but was tumble to hold it. The pair cc galloped across Victoria Bridge, nar rowly missing several vehicles, and con- ti tinued along itverunay-roai. -Near the Park IHotel the cab was brought to a staandstill by aL collision with a iree guard. Tihe tree was broken off wihtinl three feet of the ground, and ithe enclo- A sure smashed. One of the horses receiv. n ed cuts in its shoulders and one leg, i\1 \\hile the cab was also damaged. to The Recent Eclipse.-Mr. E. C. Driflield (engineer and surveyor of Mount Lyell, e Tasmania). Ias, said Mr. Baracehi, of i the Melbourne Observatory, been more fortunate than the Bruny lsland party in securing a beautiful observation of ti the corona of tce total eclipse on May 9. Mr. Drillield's observations, covering as they do the form, colour, and extent of h the corona, are very valuable (says the t1 Government Astronomer), and should certainly be communicated to the astro nomers in Englandl and Europe. "The corona," states Mlr. Driffield, "appeared tl regular in form, concentric with and It evenly distributed round the moon's disc, la except in the south-eastern quadrant, where two streamers issued, straight for g sonime distance, then curved down plumee like. The extent of the corona was es titmated to be about half ia degree from the limb, its strue.ture was striated, andtl the colours merged gradually from deep I orange at the base to pale green. The length of the streamers was at least two diameters. London Missionary Society.-The Rev. I1 George Willia-ms, the newly-appointed G Australasian secretary of tile London i iissionary Society, wtho has replaced e Stihe Rov. Joseph lKing, retired,' and the g lRev. T. Lord (late of the Madagascar t mission) are at present in Launceston. They constitute the annual deputation it on behalf of the society. These gentle men preached at Christ Ohurch andt Tamar-street Church yesterday, and their sermons had reference to the important I work of the society anti the Madagascar mission in particular. In the after- m noon the speakers addressed, a united r meetinlg of Sunday schools in 'Milton Hall 1 on missionary work. The offerings for t the day were on behalf of foreign mis. L sions. To-tmorrow night t'e Rlev., Wil liams will give a lanitern lecture in Mil r ton Hall, amid at the same place on Wed- I D nesday night the Rev. Lold will speak t g on Madagascar. Each address will eon. o tain a mass of interesting information, I including useful statistics, on the work I, of the society. 1 nfectious Diseases.\-Wlhen interviewed s at Hobart on friday with regard to the , statements made at a meeting of the o Devon Hospital Board a few days ago itu reference to infectious diseases cases, the Chief Secretary (Dr. Butler) said: d "Hospital authorities have overlooked t. the fact that under the Health Act local n bodies shall provide hospitals for infec tious diseases. If they do not do so the Chief Health Officer, under PaJt i'1. d of. the act, may compel them to do so. n Seeing that during the past 12 ,months r there have been a number of cases of diphtheria in thie district mentioned, it i.t advisable that some provision should be made. Lt is also thought that it 0 would be a benelit to the local authori c ties to be able to make use of Devon o Hospital, and pay for the infectious tt cases sent into that institution, saving them from the expense of providing and tna.intaining a spceial hospital. 'rhis tl?e local authorities decline to do, and it is time they realised their responsibilities, as Hobart and the adjoining municipali ties have done." lQuestiotl of troprnety.-Siome remarris made by Archbishop Uarr during an in terval in a programme which was being carried out at; a charity concert in the It Cathedral Hall, Melbourne, on Wednes dr tlay evening, caused a somewhat painful impression tamongst the large audience. The programme included an ordin:ey r- proportion of vocal anlt instrumental to ilultb-r, an well ats some dances, d amongst whbich was a "fancy dance," r" given.by a gil. about 10 years old. Arcih y, bishlop Carr, who had been seated with Archlaishop I)elalny (Hlobart) on a front c row seat, made some remarks at the in a torval. Hlie said that the atudiene hand .reasomn to tthank tite performers not only isfor tassisting in a good cause, but for t providing a very pleasant evenings otn tertainment. lie regretted, hmowever, that he had to make one exception us Sregards his expressions of spproval. It w as a painful thing for hiim to do, buit lie felt bountd to do it in justice to hIimself and to the fathers and mothers present. a "As for myself," concluded Arclhbishop SUCarr, "I have not previously seen any tlhing of the kind. I pray God I never nt- will again." Amongst those who ap sh plauded Archbishop Carr's remarks was . tIhe little girl herself, whlo was sitting he in a line with the ecclesiastical party, lss but who was as happily unconscious of 'ill aiy rebuke as shie lhad apparentlj been 8Y of any impropriety. ne The Kittens of Koseiusko.-lu the 0- courae of his lecture on Saturday night mz upon the "Romance of the A.tmnosphere" or Mr. Clement Wragge was interestingly ed aneedotal. Everyboldy knowvs how en ts tthusiastic Mr. Wragge is in the matter I of meteorology, but his audience was vrisibly surprised wthtn he related his first ac. association with the practical sieo of the i work. This was when hlie volunteered y to climnb len Nevis every day in order to take hihm-level readings. "People is thought I was mad, tbut 1 wasn't," he said. "I wasn't much to look at, but eT vas ihard as nails, aid utdertook the twork." A few lantern slides showed n how arduous and perilous that work was. Ily Then twhen Mr. Wragge transferred his energy and -Iis enthusiasm to Australia hIe established a higlevesta Iigt-levl Station on ut the summit of Mount Wellilngton, and Le later another on tile top of MIount Kos or ciusiko, where accommodation for a staff in- was provided by Sir George Reid wlhen at lie was Premier of New South Wales. he As a pet tile staff had a cat. 'The pri on mary duty of tihe snen on Koscinsko, itl the lecturer explained, was to take ob S.servations every foutr hours, but -he gave he them a supply of spirits of wine, in his which to preserve any strange speciments we they mnight encounter. "And what do a v you think happened?" said Mr. Wragge. rh- "'Wily, Vto eat had kittens. Funny place, he wasn't it, to do a thing like that? And ed* what do you imagine became of thoce in kittena? My men sent them down to me In osxih'" (Lo IaLUghuter,) Police Court.-At the City Police Court on Saturday morning Thomas Brown, who admitted the theft of a pair of fowls from the premises of the General Hospital, was treated as a first-offender. A sentence of 14 days was suspended on condition that defendant found a surety in £ 10 to be of good behaviour for 12 months.--Robert Jones, arrested for vigrancy, was remanded for convey. ance to the ŽNew Town Charitable .lnsl. tution.--Mr F. G. Ilobkirk appeared for RIobert Wilson, who proceeded against Theodore R. Rattray for assault. )De icnd.uit plea,·lcd nut guilty. The ?vi deuce indicated thatl the palties, who were Patersonia farmers, had clashed in the matter of the imnpounding by de. fendant of soime of plaintiff's ?tock. \il. son had visited a neigbbouring property wiLt the ,idea of appointing its owner his arbitrator on the .point of damages, and it was there that the assault was alleged to have been commnsitted. Rat. tray hald endeavoured to s.erve Wilson witll a neimons, anud his refusal to accept it had, according to the evidence of plaintiff, been followed by.an attack fromu Rattray, who struck him two viao lent blows on the face. WVlianm Rich ards, the intended arbitrator, testified as to the assault, and the Police Mtagis t.rate (Mr. E. L. Hall) said he was satis. tied the offence 'had been coummitted. De fendant, who pleadled, that Wilson had kicked dirt over his clothes and face, was fined C1 and ordered to pay Os lid court costs, 13s witnesses' expenses, and £1 lb counsel fee, with the alterna tire of a montih's imprisonment. He was ,llowed 14 dlayS to find the amount. Institute of Mliniing -ngiueera.-U-ne of the most interesting meetings of the Austahlasian Institute of Miinng Engi neers yet held will take place at Mounas iMorgan, Queensland, at the end of this tuonth. The headquarters of the orgam. sation is in Melbourne, but branches are established in other states of the Coan monwealth and in New Zealand. The important function of the year is always a movable one, held at the chief mining centres in the different states by rota tion. Last year the meeting took place in Kalgoorlie; this year the Mount Mor gan mine and district has been selected for the visit. The olfficial programme of the tour really commences at Brisbhne on the 25th of the month, where all visitors from the southern state and New Zealand will assemble. Members from the West, Broken Hill, and Tasmama, left Melbourne by the Sydney express last Saturday, en route to Mount Mor. gun. The party will visit the Oympie mines, under the guidance of Colonel D, Reid, one of the leading mining magnates on that field. Outings from Mount Morgan will consist of visits to the Mount Chalmers field, Yeppoon, or Emou Park, river trips on the Fitzroy, and an inspection of the harbour wortks at Rocick hamp'ton. On the return journey a de. viation will be made to the Many Peal;a field, and a short stay will be made at Gladstone. The Queensland Minister of Miines (Mr. J. G. Appel) will hold a re reption in honour of the occasion at Brisbane on the arrival of members in that city this week. The presidential address will be delivered by Mr. G. Rich. L ards, general manager of the Mount Mor. gaun mine. r The Week's \Veather.-Tho Acting. Divisional Officer at Hobart supplies the following synopsis of the weather for the week ending lMay 20:-This week heavy, [ rain has fallen in the west and north 1 west to north-east, but very little at the telegraphic stations in the east, south, Derwent, and midland districts. The rear of a depression caused some light - eowers in tihe west and south on the 14th, but hoar frosts were reported from the east and north-east. Another area of low pressure followed on the 16tht the front edge of which caused light showers Sgenerally, which turned to heavy rain in the north, west, and' north-east' on the 17th, the maximumn falls reported being 160 points at Scottsdale and 150 at Rm garooma, but only light showers fell in the east and south. The weather then became liner and warmer, with heavy, dews and reosts in places, though some stations reported light showers. North w1 est to south-west winds prevailed ait the week, light to strong in force chielly. T 'he nmaxunum temperatures at Hobart ranged from 54 degrees on the 15t i to ,3 degrees on the 18th, and from O5 s degrees on the 17th to 60 degrees on the 71th at Launceston. The rainfall for the week was:-Northern-Stanley, 05 If points; Irish Town, 137; Burnie, 113;i t Devonport, 102; Cressy, 69; Launceston, 180; Bleaconsfield, 201; Low Head, 113;; a Scottsdale, 169i; Sheffield, 132. West s Coast-Waratah, 198; Zeehan, 241; Cap, R orell, 90. )erwien'--Hamilton, 20. i1 ast Coast--1 oobyalla, 37; Eddystone, U30; Ringaroonma, 165; Gould's Country, S45; St. Helen's, 7; Scamsander, Ii; aIn. thinna, 34; St. Mary's, 10; Swansea, 28,. ' lidland-lOatlands, 24. South-cast - Brighton, 14; Glenorcly, 17; Hobart, 146 s Springs, 27; Rokeby, 6; [Iyldme, 19; Port - Cygnet, 12. cg Seasonal Forecasts.--Mr. Clement ic Wragge was at no pains in his lecture. s- of Saturday evening to conceal his opin il ion that the Commonwealth has a long e. way to go to attain the perfection its sy people have a right to expect in meteor II ological matters. Thie conditions are , such, he saie, bhat they could easily, i have the finest sweather service in tile i- world. lie laid special stress upon the I possibility and practicability of the seae - sonal forecast, anld expressed the opin - ion that Austra-lia, in view of what id droughlt entails, should not be happyf ly ('until it wais given official information Sr as to whalt kind of seasons might be . expected. "'it has been done in India," . said Mr. Wragge, "and it can be done , here." As regarlds the ordinary diurnal t forecasting, Shr. Wragge, by obtaining ie certa.in data from beyond Australia, If holds that lS per cent. of accuracy could it. be obtained. Evidently, in Mr. Wragge's p opinion, if Australia were in Amerrie it would be done. The United States Sspends £300,000 a year on its weather bureau. "They do things there," re Smarked tlhe lecturer, regretfully. "I1 Australia there is no money for even so practical a science as meteorology." In partieular he deplored the abandon en ment of the high-level observing stations hie established on the sumnmits of Mounts Wellington and Koseiusklo. Iigh-level he daita, he explainedxl, were of the utmost ht value in forecasting work. As the sailor 'e" used the lead to ascertain that ewater ly wasn under his ship, so thie meteorologiset m- must know what was in the a.ir above. er To be content with stations lilf-way '.s was only half doing things; whereas Mr. Cst WVragge said his method wvas to do the Ie properly, or leave them alone. That ~ed was the spirit in which hle worked up his ler met?orological service under the aus le pices of the Queenslavnd.Government, and he it was a bitter disappointment whlen, it after federation, smash went his bureau 'etl and met.orological work ,wai sent into: ed the lee scuppers. Mr. Wragge's presen 5. tation of whlat an Australian weather 'is bureau could and should accomplish wars lia loudly applauded. on " Just Opening New Silverware Worthy oh SYour Lnspectlon.-Grape pattern goods, n very new and unique, in tea sets, trays, es. cream and sugars, comport dishes. piel ri-' dishes, water jugs, etc. Also, "Tedd; to, Bear" plates, bowls, etc., for the baby.'' ,b- F. and W. Stewart, Jewellers, 100 Charlen ye. slreet. Launeeston.* in Hoses for water or steam, fishing wade revi -s. engine paclkings, hot-Semter bottlehs, do -Tndtiarhber Co., OGeorge-stret.* ge. Concert-The posttoned concert of t?M cc, Deloraine Choral Society will be Iheld nad morrow evening. see' Fair.-A fair le to be hold at St. W wald's, Trevallyn, on Wedesdslay, 1in S of the TnaraJlyz Glridu gnlba,  1VEATEER FORIECASTING HOW IT IS DONE. sir. Clement Wragge's subject on Sat ulrday evening was the "Romance of the Atmosphere." Still again there was a very large audience, publio inturoast be ing easidy sustained to the last of this fascinating aeries of aciejtifce lectures. -Mr. Wragge dealt mainly with the fore- casting of the weather, outlining the car dinal principles ,which have to be observ-. ed in this important work, describing tile collection of the necessary data, an?L showiing how forecasts are made up and issued. No man ,has better authority to lecture upon this branch of meteor ology than Mr. \Vragge, who speaks from 35 years' experience, and was w\onder dully successful in the worrk dllug the lengthy period for whiuh Ihe was in charge of the Queensland Weather Bureau. The -weather concerns us all. It is of vast impor-tance to the mani on the liand, to the naviga'tor, and even to the house wife with a heavy wash on hand. tCon sequently everybody watches vcry closely t'he forecasts that are issued as to the weatifer in store for the different portions of the Commonwealthl,. 3lr. W\ragge divi:decd the work of a weather bureau into three parts-(1l) scasonal Tbreeasting, (2) ordinary forecasting, and (3) the study of the local peculiarities .of Australian climate. Of these, said the lecturer, by far the most illllportant was that of seasonal forecasting". a the future Australia would have droughtls just as she had had in. the past, andl it was obviously of the utmost import; ance that the pastorahlist and others af fected should be forewarned so that they might be able to take the necessary measures of precaution. - Mr. \Vragge txplained that his working hypothesis hi seasonal forecasting, embraced the stuldy of tle pllhysical condition of the ' slll and his maxinnlll and minimum moods, the astronomuical position of the moon, and the perturbations p:oducedl by other planets. Experience showed lthat w?hen the run was at his llmaximumn they hari abunda nt rainfall and good seasons in Australia. The earth unmio takably responded to the vibrations of sun spots1 , which were huge raging cy clones of hydrogen gas. There was a large one in active evidence now. lie saw it on Thursday, and again that day, and in the meantime it had grown considerably, and now w'as 527000 miles across. lie screened a slide s.esigned to show how c-losely curves of sunstorinls, temperature, humidity, rainfall, typhoid, plague, anti small-pox followed one an othler, and argued that they were linleo: one to the other just as was everything else affected by the suno, that great agent of the Infinite. Broadly speaking, tihe phases *of the moon had no influence on the weather, but with the nIlon's astro nomical position it wa5s another matter. the swing of lunar declination-- a swing he likened to t1hat of the peIndllum al ai clock-was a potent factor, for a wide swing meant Inore rain. 'The influcnce of other phlnets also hald to be consider ed, and, guided by these three ba.sic prin clples, ihr. Wragge contended that sea sonal forecasting was perfectly possible. It had been done in India with a fair amount of success, and could and ought to be done in Australia. (Hear, hear.) Ordinary forecasting, that from day to day, 'was quite a different thing. But to aohieve success they must have high level as well as low-level observations; and the lecturer expressed the surprise and regret with which he found that the stations he had established at the sum mnits of Mlounts Wellington and Kosci usko had been abandoned, and that reli. ance was now placed on data gatnered half-way up, observations that were of little or no value as compared with those taken at the top. This was doing things by halves, in which, personally, he had no faith. "I believe," said Mir. lWragge, "in doing things properly and iwell, or in not doing them at all. Look at the United States, where they spend ?f300,000 a year on their weather bu reau. They do things tllere. it was a bitter disappointment to mle when the F1ederal Government, in taking over tlhe Post and Telegraph )Department, discard ed the weather bureau attached to it, and the meteorological servi-, was lknocked into the lee scuppers." By the aid of lantern views the lecturer showed how the collection of meteorological data was accomplished, how it came from every part of Australia and New Zea -land, was reduced to a common stan dard, and in that form usedr to forecast the weather that might be expected. 'This was most interesting, and of educational value. It showed the practical side of meteorological science, and the audilee applauded MItr. Wragge vigorously when hie remarked--"How easy it is to fore cast the weather-when you know how!:'" In. spite of almost insuperable difficul ties Mr. Wragge developted weast-her forc casting to a high pitch, anti was pr1eplar ing to have storm warnings exhibited at every post office and on every mail train throughout Australia when federation came, and smash went his bureau. "Fore casting is said to be very hard," Mr. Wragge went on. "It is nothing of the sort, tlhough they have a council of five now to do what I used to do in half an hour. God bless me, but iin't it funny!" With sonime additional daily dats obtained from witlhout Australia: said I lar. Wragge, thle Commonwealth ought to hIave the finest meteorological service in the wor!d, and it should be possible to forecast with 9S per cent. of accu racy. "See tllhat you get it," concluded the lecturer. In about a fortuight Mr. Wragge, after a country tour, will return to Lanatees ton sad give another lecture on an astro- I nomical subject.  SThOR OF THE UNIVEltSE .- *-.-- WVONIDERIS OF TIll SOLAR SYSTEM. IN TiE TAIL OF A COAM?17 The fame of Mr. Clement L. Wr:agge as a scientist assured him a big audience in Launceston when lie was announced to unfold tile story of the universe, and it was consequently not altogether a surprise when many scores of people had to be turned away. The Mlechanics' was packed, and as everyone was charm ed with the "eutertainment"'-if such a term may be used-the success of the season, which embraces two more lec tures, is certain. Mr. \Vragge has added to his scientific attahinents the platform skill of the professional lecturer. Iie speaks at a terrific rate, crowding into two hours an enormous mass of infor mation about his subject, which is illus trated by beautiful photographs and punctuated by a very happy wit. Not for one minute out of the 120 he spoke was Mr. W\ragge dull. He had the house in his grip all through, and had the lec ture been twice the length he could easily have sustained the interest to the end. A fascinating story is that of the uni verse. Yet how imperfectly is it un derstood. For instance, what does the average man know about the sum, the earth, and the moon? What does lie care so long as lie has three meals a day and the other necessaries of civilised life as we know it to-day? The roomful that listened so intently to Mr. \Vragge's telling presentment of the marvels of the universe had more than a treat. They participated in an education. Mr. Wragge opened with a description of the pecu liarly wonderful properties of radium, and incidentally mentioned that it was obtained from pitch blende, which was worth £500 a ton, and which might ex ist in Tasmania. "Why not go and look for it?" he remarked. "It would be better than seeking to make a fortune through the medium of George Adams." Proceeding, the lecturer took his audi ence in a voyage through the universe, prefacing the trip by some remarks on science itself. No scientific man, he said, could be an atheist, for science and re ligion were one. "If 1 were a parson," said Mr. Wragge, "I am afraid I would be very unorthodox. I would have an astronomical observatory attached to my church, and into it I would take my congregation and show them the wonders of the Most ]igh. I would give them food for the mind instead of bothering about Lot's wife and all that sort of thing. (Laughter and applause.) As tronomy makes people think as they never thought before." (Hear, hear.) Later on Mr. Wragge said if lihe were Director of Education every school in Tasmania would be equipped with a tele scope. (Applause.) Screening sundry, photographs of the heavens, Mr. Wragge opened people's eyes as to the immensity of the universe and the countless number of its stars suns in every stage of development and decay. Incidentally lie mentioned that there was no such thing as death-what they knew as death was only a change. If one single electron were destroyed the whole balance of the universe would be upset. By the aid of graphic pictures lie contrasted the insigniicance of the earth as compared with other bodies in the universe. "And yet people put on side," lie added, "and think they are tile hub of the universe." Mr. Wragge devoted a good deal of attentioni to our sun, explaining particu larly the nature of what are knowsn as sun spots and their influence on the earth. These spots lie pictured as raging cyclones, *to the tremendous for ces of which the earth quickly responded, and which were respoonsible for earth quakes, volcanic eruptions, tidal waves, droughts, etc. It took only 81, minutes for the inlluences of these vast forces to cover the 03,000,000 miles to the earth, and it was known that all the recent great earthquakes had occurred at pe riods of great activity in the sun. Some very fine photos of solar eclipses were ex hibited, the coronal and hydrogen flames being distinctly shown. Naturally, the lecturer touched with regret upon the inability of the different scientific par ties to obtain a view of this month's eclipse, and used lis plides to illustrate what those unable to see the phenome non had missed. However, another eclipse would be visible next year in Tonga, and he advised his hearers to take a holiday and go and see it. The trip was well worth spending money on, and, after all, what was the use of money if people did not enjoy it? It was impossible to transfer it to their account with a Bank pf Australasia on the Astral Plane. - (Laughter.) . Aftr, a intterval Mr, Wrarnge a ssed on to the moon, describing its lifleoss ness, its awful cold. tid stillness. Some times a man was told to go to a place that began with an "Ih" and ended with an "1." Why not, hio suggestcd, tell him to go to the moon? Nothing could be more terrible. Then the lecturer came to lialley's comet, and explained tlha:t at 22 minutes past 12 noon to-day the earth would enter its tail, and remain there for an hour. There was no dan ger to fear from a collision between a: comet and the earth, because if such a thing did happedi-a- very remote pos-i bility-it would be the comet that would suffer. There was no risk of collision, but there was no avoiding the earth's passage through tile comet's tail. It had been reported that cyanogen gas had been detected in the tail of Halley's comet. and later it had been stated thlat no traces of it could be found, so in that respect they hardly iknew where they were. Cyanogen gas, lie explained, was highly poisonous, and if anybody felt its effects the only thing to, do was to prat. tically seal himself up in his house until the earth had got through the comet's tail. (laughtier.) Personally lie might say' hie was not going to shut himself up, and if they were to go well, they could all go together. (Loud inughter.) Speaking seriously, Mir. \\'rage assureu .his audience tlht they had nothing to fear, and advised thelm to mllake use of it piece of smoked glass with a, view of trying to see the passage of1 tlhe comet across the face or the sunl. Ife closed his lecture by a lanllelflul descripltion of tilhe tour of a iliu. who prayed to tile Almighty that he mliguilt see the tulverse, anrd was given his wish. Arn exhibition of radium fol lowed. To-night Mr. Wreagge will give hlis second iceture, the subject being "The l1Majesty oI Creation." The next witi be on Satulrday night.  "Examiner" Corr eponmdente.-On refer cnda day (Wednesday) our country cor respondents will not be required to wire the results of the vote. They can obtain details and forward them by post. Theosophical-Inst night at the lodge. rooms Mr. IV. IL Dawson, of IHobart, gave to a woe-attended meeting a lecture en titled "The Sceond Coming." The lectu rer reviewed briefly the previous mani festutions of the divine that were kanown to history. Band in the Parki.-l n the City Park last evening music-lovers were given a musical treat in the form of a concert by the Railway Band. The weather was rather chilly, baut nevertheless there was a good attendance. The band rendered u programme of high-class Items, which was most enjoyable. Police Court-Unimportant businessen.. gaged theo attention of Mr E. L. Hall, P.M., at the Police Court on Saturday morn. ing. Henry Ambler was fined 5s for the use of obscene language; and in the case of George Smith, charged with ex coeding the legal limit in driving over, a crossing, a caution wase administered. English Mails.-4-{lTe Orient Company's R.M.S..Osterley, with British files and let temrs to date March 25, arrived alt Adelaide at 8.30 a.m. on Sa6tairday. Thb mails for the eastern states were -rforwarded by' express tramin, and the Tasmanian portion may be expected to arrive here to-morrow by the Loongana. An"Obstiento Prisoner.-The police were confronted with a dificulty last evening in'regard to a man who was apprehended while on the premises of the T.R.C. Hotel. Enquiries as to his name and I is business in the hotel were of no avail. The stranger remained as dumb as an oyster. There was nothing for it, there fore, nut to place him in safe keeping until such time us he divulged the infor mation require. At the police station the manrt was charged with being on the premises of the T.R.C. Hotel for an un lawful purpose, and was then put away ill one of the cells for safe keeping. Visit of the Sheffield Choic.-All those interested in the great Sheffield Choir are invited to meet at the Town Hall at 7.30 p.?. to-day in order to urge upon Mr. lingo Gorlhtz the importance of in cluding 1aunccston in the scheme. Mr. Gorlite, who represents Dr. Charles lar riss, the director of the world's tour of this great organisation, will deliver a brief leture on the importance of this visit as regards the influence the choir's visit will have on music, trade, and im migration. As MrI. Gorlitz will have to cable Dr. IInrriss in Chicago, it is de sirable that a large number of ladies and gentlemen, nmgical and otherwise, should be -present at this meeting. Masonic.-The annual insLtllation.of af fices. in connection with Lodge Meander took place at Deloraine on Friday even. ing last. The ceremony was performed f by 3LW. Bra. R. J. Sadler, P.G.M., aeisat ed by. oflcers of the Grand Lodge. After the ceremony the usual social gathering ,took place, at which the customary Mas sonic toasts were honoured. 'lThe follow. ing oflkers were instlled:--W.M., Bro. P. J. Fleming; .P.M., Wor. Bro. L. CG. L Elliott; S.W., Bro. W. C. Atldins; JAV., Biro. 'V. Riley; Director of Ceremonies, Wor. Bro. -Jas. Seott, P.hL; Treasurer, c Wor. uiroe, I. if. Wragg, P.M.; Secretary, s Wor. l3ro. W. C. Cameron, ?.M.; S.D., Blro. c C. IIL Beresford; J.D., Bro. E. . Murrmy;. t I.G., Bro. E. T. Johnstone; Tyler, irae. A Galloway. Harvestb Festivals-IThe interior of St. Jolm's Church yesterday was be autifnlly n decoroted, the occasion being the aluual 'thanksgiving services in connection with f- the Intrveot festivaL The Rev. G. N. Watson preached in the morning, and con * duscted the service, insisted by the Rev., G. C. Raswlins. In. the evening the rector (Rev. J. S. Bryers) occupied the pulpit. Some very effective choral numbers were .rendered, the organ being supplemented by the addition of a-orchestra. The col loctions i a sid of the general church fund :C amounted to £35 18s. At St. Paula o Church the services in the morning, after s soon, and evening were conducted by the rector (Rev. J. W. Bethune). The con. gregatione throughout the day wore large, uand the collectdonein oevery , ag'g s .tiz B-alfour -railway.-Our Stanley cores--, -rondfent wired yesterday:-The Go-4' vernm r and Acting -Eremier luar ' acoolrced a invitation to be perýoent ats the opening cernmony of the Balfour? Rlaviway 'on May d. HIis E~ifllency, who tjll turn the girubsod, will motor from linrrie, arriving here a 1o.30, u ana l will r1eemin for the night, retuning to ýto Burnic mnet morning. Arrangements tree are -being maa.de for a big public demon- ?er sitrotion and proe?ssion of school chil dren. Several Farliaaunoetary represen tativ-es have alrceady accopted invitations,. .an and e nl infeenltial -party is expect-Led re- to presenting the Mount Balfour Copper?- pr Mines Company, Melbourne. Racecourse Accidents.--A -couple,-of -?ae cident., neetssita?ting surgical attention,? I occurred at M3owbray on Saturday dnl,-o ing the progress of the T.T.C. Easter .neecting. Duggan, who a few days ple "viously suffered from slight concussuion, 1 through a fall at Deloreine, came into. contact with some barbed wire owing to0 O Lis amount, Teddy Father, becoming un. manageable in the Maiden IHurdle Race, and received a had scratching about thi -face. A boy named Bruce, uttached to: D. Virtue's stable, met with painful in juries in the Autuumn IHadicep. War .song was restive at the barrier, anr kicked Bruce on the leg; but, ap:trt from se, feeling a numbness, the lad felt right, and participated in the race. it was not, Showever, until rhe comenceld to ride his :mount in the finish that he met trouble on account of putting his weight on the, injured limb, and a full resulted. It was found on examination that lshd bone of the by leg had been broken, and the theory was aO advanced by the surgeon that apparently be the bhone, although broken, had not parted vc until the boy bad put his weight upon it of ,There were a couple of other-falls,,but no Ci injury was ststnincd. Iomsneopatlhic Hospital. - The usual nmonthly meeting of the board: of mSnage-nC meat of the Homeopaihic flospital was held on Friday evening. Present-Mr.s Henry 12itchie (in -the lhair), Mrs. John s Guna, Dr. B. Douglas Slmib, M?asr. P P t t Oakley. Fysh, J. 1I. Taylor, O '. MWigaen, and F. Styant Browne. Apologies were. received from Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Bell, Mrs. 8tyant Browne, and Mr. W. Mosey, The matron's report showed that 12 pa tients had been admitted, 20 discharged, and 7 remained- is the hospital. Donations and fees 'to the e?mount of £.71 1s Gd hadt been received, and.aecounats amounting to o £64 Bs 5d were passed for payment. Tnhe following donations are thankfully ac lcnowledged:--Mr. ?. It. -orn, £1; Mr. J. T. Wing (Preaton), 10s; case-of apples, D Miss Barrett (IKunoola) and Mr. Bonner (SIottsdale) ;case of quinees,iter. Ricaln d C Smith.; fish and r?bits, Mr. Milbourn.e (Kirnerloy); pickles, Mrs. Murray; vege- tables, .r. Pearton, iMrs. Lee; old linen, i irs. Day; caskes, "Old lPatient,' "S.GP '; 'tomatoes, Mrs. Wigan; flowers, hliss l?amb; vegetables, "A Friend?'; jna', "Old , IPatient"; preserves, "'rienad'; eggs, "Old i Patient"; flowers, "Friend"; "Examiner' "Telegraph," "Mercury," "Oourier," "WVar Cry;' "W\Vtchmnan," "Monitor;' the pro- I S-prietors; "Rlustrated London News,;' and -magazinca, Mr. H. Ritehie. The Week's Weather.---The synopsis oa t Sthe weather for the week ending Saturday indicates that anti-cyclonic weather pre. 1 -'ailed during the early part of the week, with clear skies and heavy dew at many stations, nbu .on Monoday a slight depres sion appeared with warmer temperatures I in the south, and very light to moderate rain fell generally, Zeehan receiving the maximu?m-52 points. This "low" passed away rapidly w-itlh west to son.th-west t winds, and another "high" advanced,. The barometer did not rise so leigh this time, and fell again on Friday, as another de e prestion appeared with northerly winds. This caused moderate rain in the west, and heavier in the north, but only a very few Spoints in the south, east, and midlands, though cloudy skies and cooler tempera tures prevailed. The maxhnum fall was 68 points at iDevonport. The temperature SwIas cool and pleasant, the maximum atr a Ilobarat varyihg from 07 degrees on the Y 17th to 67 degreeo on the 18th, with a minimum of 45 degrees on the 11th and 20th; and at Launceston, from 60 degrees don Ithe 11th to 62 degrees on the 21st, wvitlb a miinmum of 36 degrees on the 19th. The rainfall for the week -was as follows: Nontdhern--Stanley, 13; Irish Town, 22; I Burnie, 71; Devonport, 68; Launcestcon, 74; Beaconsfield, 45; Low Head, 29; Scottsdale, 73; Sheffield, 7. West Coast- ' Waratab, 84; Zeohan, 156; Cape Sorell, a 149. Derwent--Hnamnilton, 1, East Coast S-liBoobyalla, 1; dldystone, 22; Ringa. a ooma, 77;- Gould's Country, 18; St. Helen's, 13; Mathimnna, 26; St . Mary's, 20; ,' Swansea, - . AMidlands - Oatlands, 17. t. South-East-iElobart, 5; Springs, 25;. loke. ,e by, 4; Ilyihe, 8; South Brudty, 23; Port yr Cygnat, 12.points. y Loyal Orange lestitt?iocn.--The 20th an. in uIral meeting of thle Loyal Orange Institu te tion of Tasmania was held in the lodge room, Town Hfall, Devonport. R.W.G. Mas. te Cte rro. G. It. Simmons, presided, the offi cers pIesent being Bros. W. Hallam, D.G. d Mbaster J.B. Burge, LP.G. Master J. Piper, C. G. Chaplain; R. Scott, G. Secretary; A. 4 Cartledge, G. Treasurer; F. Davis, G.E. iL. Committee; and other Grand Lodge or. r flcers and a large number of delegates . of the subordinate lodges from all parts ,, of the state. At 0.15 the lodge was . called to order and opened withl prayer an by the G. Chaplain, irr accordance with the he rules of the instutution. -The Grand Mai. St-er's address was , powerful utterance, gand was listened to with the deepest 't tentidoi and frequent applause. It con cludedd withl' an earnest appeal for 50 unity, co-oporation, and enthusiasm. iZ The Grand Secretary was received with at cordiality on rising to present his interim on report, w~hic proved very, satisfactory., n- The Grand 'Teasurer submnitted Ihis report Ir. and balance-sheet, which showed Gist the r- institution was in a moat satisfautory p o of sithon. The Grand Lodge adjourned at . 12.30 for lunclheo at the Peoplle's Palace, us resuning basinens at 2 p.e., -lhen "i great r'5 amount of importat matter wa-s hundleeL m- The proceedings, which were of a most to oncouraging character throughout, were le- closed with the usual formalities. Sle tohe evening a banquet ewas given by d the brothlers of the Loyac Devon Lodge, who de.-erve great credi~t for the manmer 4- in wlhich it uwaM carried out. Many loyal er toensts and songs were rendered by the . brotlhers, sisters, and friends, and a very Spleasant meeting was terminated withbl-t?e ,t National. Anthem. ng ThatW:. edding or .Birthdny: Gilft--nc.ol tL- e most importanrrt fe-atures of our stere " is the supcrb' display of silverware and ro. jewellery. W9 have on hand the largest G. and most varied assortment imaglnable; V., and compared piece by piece, set by set, eos, or beauty of design and quality, a.lto or, gother In unequlcled in Tasmania Call ry, an ingleet a perfect assortment at mode ,o rate rices.--Fi . and W. Stewart, 119 y Chaeles-strect, Latmeeston. 'Phone, 52?.* A Fishing nadf.er garden hose, hose f?or water or steai, engine packings, etc. India Rt.uliber Co., CGorge-street, Land St ceston.* y Trinity T-ong Meatn's Club.--Theis Evon uel ing theo anmual meeting of Trellty Y.TL ith Club wil. be held in'the club-room, Trinity N. Iall, Carmeron-stree, at 8 o'clocl. Fel on- lowing the meeting a Welome banquet v. will be given -to tho club prosident (Rev. o .I , . Barraey), on ens return fromn hils trip st. Soeieoty of St. Vincent do Pa.ut--f¶te ?re '?rc aident aeknowledges swlth ?tanlks the-xe td capt of 10s 6td froam Mr. li. GriflfiL cr col- ·the Very Reva. Dr. O'M1IFhony. nd ate lia Or.atti.-fIntcnding ex?hibeitoem.t u1 ltOhe forthoming -Ats nad Cxtal.t Exrlbi ter- tion are renmindleld dit oetrietraree duoto-t the oday. ge, ?uather successful flights tbt heens i,?n- -sno by d. .aa..... .......agro.. -3-------  CURETN TOPICS. " Y~i ii $. Trackless Tram System. Alderman Williams informed the Ho- t bart City Council on *?tuesday evening t that arrangements had been made with the representative of the BMercedes-Stoll system of trackless trams for a cinema- I tograph demonstration of what the sys- t tem was. and what it did, to be given on April 2. > T'lce Referendum Pamphlet. It appears that the officials of the Liberal League in Hobart discovered that local Labour members of Parliament had in their possession copies of the officially. prepared pamphlet dealing with the pros and cons of the referendum proposals. They thereupon telegraphed as follows to the Prime Minister (Mr. Fisher):-"Sur prised copies referenda pamphlet forward. ed Labour members. When and where can we obtain them?" Pea l?ille Accident. A further addition to the list of pea rifle accidents has been reported. The i victirti was a lad named Clarence Chas. French, residing with his parents at Bridgenorth. No particulars are avail able with regard to the accident, which it is understood happened a couple of days: ago. The lad was yesterday ad mitted to the General Hospital for treat. ment, and an examination disclosed that the bullet had lodged in the left thigh. The patient's condition is'not serious. . Municipal Employees. A meeting of the Municipal IEmployees' Association was held last evening at the f/orlunen's Club to consider the letter appearing in Tuesday's "Lxaminer" over the signature of "llatepayer," in which the writer said loafing was prevalent, and complaining of the absence of cor poration supervision. luclh indignation was expressed at what the members term. cd "an extravagant and -untruthf.ul statement." 'A resolution was carried inviting the fullest enquiry, and chal lenging the writer to prove his charge. As will be seen by a letter in the coire spondence column, "Ratepayer" with. draws the whole of his remarks. This Week's "Courier" Ready. The "Courier" was published yesterday afternoon, a day earlier than usual. Ear. lier publication was necessary in order to catch tie Easter mails, and so ensure speedy delivery. The number cmbraa.s a number of exceptionally fine scenic ph. tures, chiefly illustrating north-western localities.. The Launceston Church Grammar School sports furnisih material for several illustrations. There are pic tures illustrative of the championship races on the Tamar, a group photograph of the waterside workers' tug-of-war team,.scenes at St. Patrick's Day sports, Hobart, and at the Lindisfarne regatta. The recent train smash in High-street, Launceston, is shown. There are many other pictures, illustrating up-to-date events. 'Ahniversary Service. The Mulgrave-street Methodist Church anniversary was held on Sunday last. The services. were conducted by the Rev. A. i. Cocks and H. Wilkinson..m A most enjoyable concert was held on Tuesday evening, when Mr. G. Whitfield occupied the chair. The following supplied the programme:-Thel Misses Docking, Elmhns, and iGround, and Messrs. Barnes, Yomng, Olark, Summers, and Rose. The accom paniments were played by the Misses Newton and Docking. 3Mr. II. Purse, the treasurer. presented the balance sheet, which .showed that £43 17s had been raised towards paying off the debt, in addition to meeting the year's eur rent expenditure. A collection taken during the evening amounted to £10 ]0s 7d. In moving a vote of thanks Mr. J. Ride made special reference to the faithful and much-appreciated services given during the year by Miss hRuth SGeard as church organist and trust col 5 lector. Women's O.T.U. The monthly meeting of the Women's Christian Temperance Union was held on Tuesday afternoon in the Temperanwca Hall, the president (Mrs. Braham) occu pying the 'ihair. The meeting opened devotionally, after which some business wds transacted. The president was ask ed to give an address at the next meet. ing on the referenda, which is to be voted. The meeting closed with prayer, Wages on River Steamers. In connection with the action by 'tlh :Merclhant Service Guild of Ahstralia in the Arbitration Court to obtain hiigher, wages and better conditions for the mass ters and mates of river and coastal ves sels, the parties, who include the Tasnm.t. nian steamer proprietors, have been no tilied that. the P'resident (Mr. Justice Higgins) has fixed Saturday, 29th inst., at the Darlinghurst Courthouse, Sydney, to consult all parties concelrned as to toe position. Ulnder :the proposed award a master of a passenger vessel of 123 tons and under is to receive £23 per montl; chief officer, £1; and second ollicer, £13. The. wages for master, chief oflicer. antd second ollicer of vessels other than pas senger vessels are £22, £15, and £13 respectively. The award only applies to members of the guild. The Loongana Delayed. The defective operation of one of the Loongaua's. propellers because of the loosening of the sleeve, and the conse quent necessity, for clocking to remedy the trouble, have brought about is slight dislocation of the turbine's run ning: Under ordinary circumstances the Loongana would have yesterday after noon left Melbourne at 3 o'clock, buht oa discharge of passengers and cargo shor, ly after arrival at II a.m. she was floatedt into dock, there to have the necessary attention given to the propellers. A(. vices received by Mr. I'. Cramond, the Launceston manager of the Union Conm pany. last evening were to the eliee; that it was expected that all would I,:e in readiness to despatch the Loongaun at 10 o'clock last night. The vessel s four boilers would be requisitioned, anl it was anticipated that she would arrive here at 2 o'clock this afternoon. ii will be necessary to coal the Loonganac. here, and arrangemlellts nave been nnmad( to send her away on the return journey, at S o'clock to-night. Tile marine board Iwill undertake to assure the thoroughly, ellective lighting of the river in the way, of lamp-trinuning, and as the moon is full no ditllieulty in navigating the river is anticipated. It is an early express to Hobart this morning, and in order to meet the convenience of the Postal De partment and the incoming passengers arrangements have been made with the Railway Department to despatch a spe cial train for Hobart at 3 o'clock this afternoon. Mr. \Vragge's Warning to Shipping. Mr. Clement L. Wragge has further terrors in store for the people of South Australia when his fearsome storm "P1'l to" has passed quite away (says an Ade laide paper). " Late on Thursday night lie issued the following picturesque fore. cast of the weather for the next weerk or so:-"Tne energetic disturbanc,:e 'Pluto' will now affect the entire region between Sydney, Gabo Island, Tasmanic, and New Zealand, and Adelaide will hlav finer weather under the gradual approasa of relatively higher pressure. Yet 'Aga mInenon' is.looming up over oceanic areas south-west from the Lecuwin, and will surely affect this fair state later on, as already advised. An ugly-looking mon, soonal depression, nameds 'Dimon' is hang. ing off the north-west coast north fr'om Shark Bay, and we would earnestly c.tu. tion shipping in that locality to be on the alert. He will probably affect also the Northern Territory with rain and generally enervating conditions, and may, later send a tongue or extension into Crn. tral Australia. If 'Agamemnon' ilset 'Dimuon' ultimately coalesce, as seems nor improbable, electric disturbance is sure to result. In fact, ere a fortnight hasl elapsed we expect that, high opera will be in .progress around the sides and seg. ments of the anti-cyclonic and cyclonic systems. Some people imagine that ime. torology is a study dry as dust. It ds nothing of the sort; it is all music from bass to treble, as the winds sweep in rhytlhi round the contouring asid gra dients of the isobars. More anon." Communication with Port Davey. Senator J. H. Keating is in receipt oa a conununication froml the Postmnaste'. Ueneral's Department osn the subject of i the establisliment of telephonic conmmuni cation 'with Port Davey in connection with which representations were made by? him on behalf of the Zeehan Town Boas',l.' The intimation is conv-eyed. that an understanding was arrived at some timeo since by the Conmonweallth and Tas manians Governments by. which the former 'wouldl erect and maintaini a telepholne line between Cape sorcll and Port Davey, and the latter would, prior to the con structios of the line, cut .aud- thereafter, msintain a track along which thel tele phone line would be constructed, and iwould provide at Port Davey a depot and; caretaker, and also thle necessary atten. lion for the telephone when establishled It Iad been decided thalt the route of the line shohuld be from Cape Sorhll to Pol lard Point, Port Davey, following tihe coast; line for ithe whole distance, anrid a'iangements were made for a consulta.e tIon between the state anuthoritiea and thl electrical engineer of the Postal Depar? 'Ient in ITobart as to t.lhe exact location Sof the rotlte. In this connection the lDeputy Postmister-General, Hobart. now adIlvised as follows:-"'"lihe Minister or 'Lands dumd Works in this state was asked if anything coild be done to expedite the siattcr, and I am in receipt of hIis repyi thatI t he Government is preparing a schesme of probspetihlg and track-cut. ting thri'ougs the area south of Mae quari Has-bour towardn s Port Dave, which will probably fit in, to a certain extent, with the opening of the proposed track for the telephlone line to Port Daveyr. From recent reports from. jar. ties examining that neighlbourhood, I hIope to be in a position to advise yol further on the subject in the course of a few wgeks." For si- isfactory gifts you can't find bet ter quality, try where you will. And you can't asd lower prices anywhere for goods of the same quality. We have the finest stock of presents in Tasmania. You are cordially invited to come and Inspect them. --F. and W. Stewart, 100 Charles-stree:, Launceston. Reduction in Blcyles Prlces,--The Cash Bicycle and Supply Comsany, which open ed yesterday at 128 York-street,.under the management, of Mr P. R., Beauchamp, expected ae. good day's trade-and they got It. The public seem able to appre Sclate , straight dealing, with moderate prices. Their guns will probably be on view to-day. Tile farmers' requisites may not be available until to-morrow. See advertisement.*  WEATHER BUREAU AND LATE CYCLONE. (To the Editor.) Sir,--Just allow me to say, in simple justice, that if the Central Weather Bu reau, Brisbane, had been in existence -the annual vote for which did not exceed £ 1500 per annum-three days' warning at least would have been given of the recent cyclone off the north-west coast of Australia.-Yours, etc., CLEMENT L. WRAGGE. Chiltern, Victoria, March 29. 