 GENERAL NEWS. It is notified in the Gazette that a sale of Crown lands will take place at Gundagal on Wednesday, 10th inst An official return just published shows that the people ol New South Wales swallows -£200,000 worth of medicines (wholesale price) every I year. It is declared that in Victoria for every man who wants to secure an ir rigation farm there are ten who are prepared to shoulder the responsibili ties of a holding in the mallee. When the average boy insists on a spotless collar every day, one may be sure that he is leaving his childhood behind him and that tbe responsibili ties of life have begun. Typhoid is raging in the Burrin juck township. The bouses in which tbe disease has broken out are so constructed that it is impossible to seal them up with a view to fumiga tion. Until the return of Mr. Holman, At torney-General, who is out of town for a few days, Mr. Beeby, Minister for Lauds, will be Acting-Premier in the absence of M. M'Gowen in Melbourne and Hobart. Mr. Trefte, Minister for Agriculture is pushing forward the demonstration farms, which seem admirably calcul ated to show settlers what is possible and profitable in the way of advanced cultivation. There is room for a lot of improvement, and it is more cer tainly affected by example than in any other manner. An immense load of wheat was brought into Old Junee on Thursday by the grower, Mr. Ern Lehmann. It consisted of 253 bags of the gross weight of 23 tons 11 cwt., the ifet weight being 20 tons 4 cwt. It was pulled by 20 bullocks driven and owned by Mr. J. Birmingham. Mr. W. O'Donnell purchased the wheat. The departmental statement of lands applied for under the Crown Lands Acts and Closer Settlement Acts during the week ended Decem ber 16 shows that 12 new settlers took up a holding of 2294 acres as original holdings, and 21 blocks representing 4274 acres, were - acquired as addi tional holdings, but 17,481 acres, in 12 blocks, were made available for ad ditional holdings. The death of Mrs. Emma Quinton, which took place on Saturday, re moves one of the few remaining pio neer residents of Flemington. In the early fifties Mrs. Quinton opened the first school in the district with a roll of a dozen scholars. The death took place at 101 Princess-street, Fleming ton. Mrs. Quinton was 78 years of age, and a colonist of 73 years. A train slowed up at a busy coun-. try station, and a man was seen to put his head out of a window of a third class carriage. 'There's a woman in here fainted,' he cried. 'Has anyone got any whisky? Quick!!' Someone in the crowd on the platform hand ed him a bottle. He uncorked it frantically, put it to his lips, and took a noble pull. 'Ah,' he sighed, 'that's better. It always did upset me to see a woman faint.' The triennial conference of the Aus tralian Labor Party, which is to be held in Hobart during the week com mencing January 8, is entrusted with drawing up the new Labor platform for the next Federal elections. The conference will be the' most represen tative yet held, those more distant States which were content in the past to be represented by members of Par liament of other States, having on this occasion sent along their own dele gates. With a view to improving the yield ing power of oats, cross-breeding _is being carried on at the Glen Innes State Farm. Algerian oats are being crossed with the White Tartarian, an other cross being Algerian and tig owo. There is a marked improvement in the cross-bred oats, compared with those not crossed, but the exact in crease cannot, of course, be told until the crop is gathered and threshed. The Algerian-Tartarian cross points to a very decided improvement on either the varieties grown alone. In O'Connell Street, Dublin, there is a monument erected to the memory of Lord Nelson. A gentleman happen ed to be standing close to the pillar the other day, when he saw a coun tryman, in the orthodox knee-breeches and tall hat, gazing at the monument in blank astonishment Thinking to enlighten him as to the identity, -the gentleman explained that it was Nel son. 'Oh, begorra, sir,' said the Irish man, 'that shows me ignorance. I thought it was his monument!' Mr. David Bowman, leader of the Queensland Labor Party, returned to Brisbane on Friday, after a prolonged trip to Great Britain and the Contiu. ent. in ine course oi an interview Mr. Bowman detailed his movements and, referring to his visit to Germany, said that the Socialist headquarters there were tutors engaged in teaching, young men who were anxious to enter upon socialistic work, either as Organ isers or politicians. There were 80 . daily Sooialist newspapers in Ger many, and to this fact he largely at tributed the success of the socialistic organisations there. The Melba grand opera season has closed. Melba's own estimate of it sh£ expressed in these words: 'I have loved every minute of. my stay; have loved my audiences, loved their enthusiasm and their kindness, and now I have the memory of it all — the wild cheering, the sea of faces, the re calls and .recalls. It was magnificent ; During the last two or three years there has not been much land settle ment in Papua. 'The way to sleep, says a scientist, 'is to think of nothing.' Personally we have found the best way to get to sleep is to think it's time to get up. Riches may be dangerous to the man who possesses them, but we still meet with men of weak finances and iron constitutions who are ready to undertake the risk. Miss Bennett, aged 20 years, resid ing at Sydenham road, Sydenham, was bathing at Long Bay on Saturday morning, and while in the surf was seized with a fit. She was brought out by the other bathers and, after she had recovered slightly, it was found that she had lost her eyesight. Mr. Doyle, of Molong, who is said to be the largest breeder of Romney Marsh . sheep in Australia, tests the young sheep in a large swamp which is on his property. If any of the ani mals show signs of foot rot from their long detention -in the marsh they are cast out as culls. It is understood that the State Go vernment intends establishing lime works close to Marulan, where there exists an inexhaustible deposit of limestone of the very highest Quality and in a neighborhood where timber fuel is abundant The deposits are close to the main southern railway, and could, without much expense, be linked up by a tramway or railway siding. 'Mr. Henry Frowde, Oxford Univer sity Press, is about to publish Dante's Divine Comedy literally translated in to English verse in the hendecasylla bic measure of the original Italian by the Rt Hon. Sir S. W. Griffith, G.C.M.G., Chief Justice of the High Court of Australia.' Sir Samuel's version of the Inferno was published in Sydney by Angus and Robertson some years ago. It has been decided by the coll eagues and personal friends of the late Mr. Donald Macdonell, whose death removed the first Chief Secret ary in the M'Gowen Ministry, to recog nise the very special services render ed the deceased gentleman during his long illness by one. of the. nurses at Dr. -Stirling's private hospital, Mel bourne, of which Mr. Macdonell was an inmate. The proposal is to recog nise the great care and attention be stowed upon tbeir late colleague by tbe presentation of a suitable memen to. The matter, .It- is understood, is in the hands of Mr. H. Lahgwill, the executor of Mn Macdonell's estatei The Bishop of London tells a good snake yarn. In a recent sermon he stated that, young children sometimes saw supernatural things, and told a. story illustrating what- he meant: — The father of five girls', feeling a little poorly, went and laid down. The youngest girl was sent to bed. Shortly afterwards she was heard ±o cry. out, 'Look, look, there are two angels walking up the stairs.' None of her sisters, however, could see the angels. A little while after she' again cialled out, 'There are the . angels walking . down the stairs, and father is be tween them.' Her sisters this time saw the 'angels.' On going to their father's - room, they found ^hiifi Jjtag dead! A -Sega farmer the other- week was fined for assault upon a young man. Said farmer, was working in his cul tivation-paddock'. A. couple, of- lads with' grins came along, and finding said farmer's tea. billy, placed It on a post and began- -shooting at it On - the appearance of the fanner they de-. camped. The farmer, was enraged^' and took after them. He found a young man sitting^on the bank of the river with a gun 'in his hand. The farmer caught him and ducked him in the river, at ithe same time tumbling In ' himself. But he had caught an innocent chap. In all, the mistake cost him £4. The galling part was when the other chap, who did destroy the billycan, gave evidence to that ef fect and claimed witness' expenses. . i The business transacted at the North Sydney post-office during Christ mas and New Year was the largest on record. In . fact, the accommodation was so overtaxed that the local poBt master fMr. Reirt* hart in temnnrorily A most noisy demonstration by a large crowd of Scotsman and others outside St. Paul's Cathedal, London, welcomed the New Year. There was a gala of banpuets and revelry in the WeBt End hotels. ' 'At Pelican, in the Chinchilla dis trict, the lightning flashed terrifically, and the thunder at times was aiunoBt deafening. Six cows were killed by the lightning, and most of the townspeople were In a state of terror while the storm lasted. Several persons on thje verandah were temporarily blinded by the brightness of the flashes. Continued dry weather is causing a deal of uneasiness in the Northern part of the State. Th'e whole of the early maize crops have been destroy ed, and are being cut for cow feed. In many places the creeks are fast drying up. Many dairymen have been put to considerable straits for water for their stock. There is no disguis ing the fact that the Richmond is ex periencing drought conditions un equalled since 1901. Should the rain hold off there must be heavy losses. Perhaps Mr. Wragge can justify his drought predictions by confining them to stated areas. No doubt there Is bound to be a drought somewhere. A terrific, cyclone and thunderstorm occurred at Cunnamulla, Queensland. On Saturday afternoon the wind blew with startling fury and accompanied by .most vivid lightning and- crashing claps of thunder the. rain fell in tor rents. During the storm a buggy con taining two persons was lifted bodily from the ground, the occupants being thrown into the roadway, luckily with out serious injury. An increasing number of parents, when faced with the question, 'What to do with our boys?' are answering 'Make local government clerks but of them.' Unfortunately they are wak ing up to the opportunity a little late in the day. Two years ago any intel dillgent youth who applied himself to diligent study for four months could be certain of immediately finding em ployment at up to £200 per annum, To-day the vacancies are fewer and the examinations are stiffer. There are roughly 300 certificated clerks em ployed in the State, the majority of whom are fairly healthy in dividuals calculated to live a long time. There are not likely to be many vacancies offer ing and probably not more than a doz en new clerks could be absorbed each year. The supply is increasing, and one distant town which a .year ago could not get apnlicant for town clerk at £180 recently advertis ed and got eight replies. Neverthe less, there are opportunities still offer ing and the life is a better one, with surer prizes than that of bank clerk, i school teacher or civil servant. From reports received by ttie Tas manian police It appears probable that a double or triple drowning fatality has taken place in the Derwent. There is no certain information on the sub ject, for no one has been reported mis sing, but wreckage has been picked up on the beach at South Arm, which is supposed to be from a rowing boat which was seen on Friday last mak ing towards the shot tower. Edward Quarry has reported to the police that, at 7.30 p.m. on Saturday, when near Opossum Bay, he noticed a small boat with either two or three persons in it making for the western shore. It waB blowing hard at the time, and he noticed that the posftfon of the boat was perilous. Nothing untoward took place then, but on Sunday morning, when walking along the beach, he canre across boat wreckage, a tweed cap ' and two cigarettes. He also noticed the mast of a boat sticking out of the water, and the name Pow erful was on the boat. The mainsail appeared to be furled up and tied snug to the past, but the staysail was hanging in the water. /  GENERAL NEWS. Mr. Clement Wragge writing to the Albu'ry 'Dally News': I should just like to say tliat i£ the Central Weather Bur eau, Brisbane had been in existence — the annual vote for which did not ex ceed £1500 per annum — three days' warning, at least, would have been given of the recent cyclone off the north-west coast of Australia.' A number of prominent citizens state that the money market is much tighter and that the banks are dis playing a tendency to check specula tors. This state of affairs is said to be due chiefly to tbe widespread expendi ture on the part of the' Government. Another view is that the cautious pol icy is to await developments, in con nection with tbe Commonwealth bank. The N.S.W. consolidated revenue for March shows a comparative increase of £277,793. The returns for the quarter show an increase of £1,049,711 on the corresponding period of last year, while for six months there was a total increase of £658,973. Tbe rail ways and tramways showed an in crease of £342,000, and the Common wealth returns a decrease of £300,000. At the last meeting of tbe Dubbo municipal council, the Mayor said that he believed all the aldermen would agree with him it was very satisfying that with pleasing monotony, month af ter montb, year after year, the sanitary inspector reported that no infectious or contagious diseases had occurred in the town or its environs. What bet ter evidence, he asked, could be forth coming as to the salubrity of the Dub bo district. Captain Rushall, the organiser of the recent tour of the Australian cadets abroad, has been encouraged by the commendation of the Minister for De fence (Senator Pearce) to arrange for a similar tour. The expense will be borne, as in tbe last tour, by the par ents of the cadets. The department will assist the lads to continue their studies while abroad. Circulars were to be issued this week, and it is ex pected that the corps will leave Aus tralia in May. Referring to the proposed Common wealth Bank, Mr. C. J. Hamilton, speaking as chairman of the annual meeting in London of the Bank of Australasia, said that if the bank were managed on sound financial lines, with the intention of not becoming a bur den on the taxpayer, there was no reason for fear. If it were ably man aged the bank might be a source of great strength to the community, and might afford valuable assistance in time of trouble. Mr. Hamilton added that he hoped that the Commonwealth Bank might some day hold a position similar to that of the Bank of England. About a hundred of the employees at the railway workshope at i^veleigh went in for high times at a grievance meeting on Saturday night. The pro ceedings were of a lively character. Howls aud cat-calls were frequent, and when loud cries of 'chuck him out' were heard many people left the hall, including Mr. J. C. Watson. It is un derstood he was subjected to insult. When sympathised with, Mr. Watson replied, 'I have been used to that sort of thing all my life.' The meeting af ter a stormy debate, decided to send a deputation to the Premier, asking for a Royal Commission to inquire into the working of the railway Ehops at Eveleigh. With a view to encouraging the mus cular development of the youth of An nandale, and at the same time assist ing in their mental education, the local council allowed a piece of land, the property of the council, to be util ised as a cricket and football ground At tne last meeting or tne council, Ala. Colebrook asserted that it had become a rendezvous for 'two-up' players, es pecially on Sundays. The players, he said, showed a deal of cunning in their procedure, having established a per fect system of scouting to prevent their being caught. It was decided that the Mayor should communicate with the police on the matter. A ciuple of the provisions of the new Commonwealth electoral law it is well to note : -'Every person who is entitled to be enrolled, shall fill in and sign in accordance with the Act, and the re gulations a form of claim for enrol ment as an elector, and shall forth with send or deliver it to the pro per officer. The man who has chan ged his residence is under similar obli gation — penalty two pounds — whilst the officer who receives a claim for en rolment, and without just excuse fails to do everything necessary on his part to be done, will be called upon to pay a penalty of £ 10. The South Australian Minister for ? Agriculture, Mr. Pascoe, has furnished 1 particulars regarding the trouble with ! tne boys who recently began a course I of training on the farm established by ! the Government at North Boobooro j wire. Mr. Pascoe said the boys were i asked to attend religious service on ' Sunday night but only two turned up. The remainder sat outside. Some made a row with mouth-organs and other musical instruments. On Monday, when the lads were summoned to at 'tend school, they made no response, having been persuaded by a comrade to stop away. They were found in a wool-shed again making a noise with mouth-organs. The ringleader kept on playing, when the boys were taken to tbe school-room, and he was dismissed. A number of others then left The contingent of Federal members bound for the Northern Territory this month on an excursion, which is in tended to be a visit or inspection is gradually diminishing. When the trip was announced there were over 30 members prepared to go. Members, however, have slowly pulled out in batches. Last week there were to be 16 or 17. On Saturday the number had dwindled down to' 13. Mr. Thomas, the Minister who has charge of the ar rangements, appeared to have taken the withdrawals very much to heart. He speaks thus: — 'I am tired of it. 'Here I go making the arrangements. I write again to the members. They Bay' that it Is all right I buy tickets. I select berths. And then they can't, go. It's most disheartening. . I won't do it again. ' No - more trips for me, ^ none.' The members who so far have j booked are Messrs. Gordon, F. J. Fos ter Ryrie, West, Brennan, Howe, Chanter, Wise^ and Ozanne, from the i House of Representatives; and Sena- 1 tors MacDongall, Buxacott, Rae, and Blakey. , . . 1 With the death of Mr. Peter Kerr, F.R.I.B.A., Victoria loses one who has given to the city of Melbourne the most dignified and impressive of its architectural features, the House of Parliament in Spring-street. Mr. W. Stace Lloyd, Liberal organi ser, is in Goulburn in connection with the Werriwa vacancy. The name of Mr. A. H. Conroy, who previously re presented the constituency, has been neely mentioned as a candidate. A police telegram from Broome (W. A.) states that Constable Fletcher was stabbed by a Manila man on Saturday, and died on Monday. His assailant has been arrested. Deceased was 36 years of age, married, and had been 12 years in the service. The P.M.G. {Mr. Frazer) says he has at last reached finalty in the mat ter of selecting a design for the Com monwealth postage stamp. It is said to be an Australian design, and to be simple yet expressive. Designs from all parts of the world were furnished to tbe department about nine months ago, but none of them pleased Mr. Frazer, who, when he assumed the position of P.M.G., obtained further designs from the Victorian Artists' Society. A press correspondent points out that Mr. Carmichael and Mr. Holman appear to differ widely as to the mean ing and effect of the Bursaries Act. In reply to the resolution of the Metho dist Conference, protesting against State aid in any form to denomination al schools, Mr. Carmichael informed the conference that the Government did not propose to give State aid to any school or schools. Mr. Holman, on' the other hand, addressing the Hib ernian Society, announced that 'a measure of justice has at last been done to the deserving Catholic stud ents of the Catholic primary schools.' At a meeting of the local parents and Citizens' Association, it was decid ed to urge the claims o'f the Mudgee district school to be raised to the sta tus of a high school. It was pointed out that owing to Mudgee's central po sition in the district its chances of securing one of the new high schools to be created was particularly good. , There are three western towns, ' Forbes, Dubbo, and Mudgee pressing I their claims for a high school, while one has already been established at Orange. They can scarcely all be j successful in the claim. A South Australian Union organiser whose efforts to foster a strike amongst phosphate workers broke down speaks thus: — There were so called Labour members of Parliament who had taken sides against them. When he was in Adelaide he had in quired in regard to what was being done. He went to the newspapers, and they referred him to the unions. He went to the unions, and they said 'instructions of executive.' He went to the executive, aud they said the Par liamentary representatives were afraid of losing the farming vote. If getting Labour men into Parliament meant do ing things like that, he said, 'away with politics.' Mr. Holman's attention having been drawn to the fact that sufficient time was not available at the recent sittings of the Deniliquin District Court and Quarter Sessions to permit of tha busi ness being conveniently disposed of, the Attorney-General points out that the sittings of courts forming portion of country circuits have to be fixed months anead, and it is impossible to know what cases will be set down, and how long they will occupy. All that can be done is to allow sueh time as previous experience shows to be reas onable. When the business of^a court proves to be unusually protracted, the department will, if communicated with in sufficient time, arrange, whenever possible, for another judge to take the next court on the circuit, so that in convenience to litigants may be avoid ed. At the Central Criminal Court in Sydney on Saturday, William Henry France, a middle-aged man, known as 'Dr. Bill' was brought up for sentence for the manslaughter of Elma Jane Stevenson (23) at. Swatchfield, in the Oberon district on March 29 last as the result it was alleged, of an illegal operation. The prisoner, addressing his Honor, said he had been 25 years i nt h p country, and for 15 years had ? attended the sick. Whatever he had done was to screen the girl at her special request Senior-constable j Hawe Baid he had made inquiries re specting accused. He had not heard of any suspicious cases, and no charge ? had been made against him previously. Chief Justice Cullen, in sentencing ac cused to seven yeara' penal servitude, said he failed to see any mitigating circumstances. The whole history of what had occurred seemed to point to the case as one for exemplary punish ment tint he would be very sorry to think .that In any sentence he passed he otred on the side of severity. At Temora last week, the trustees and members of the Methodist Church Aid Society tendered a farewell ban quet to the Rev. A. Brown prior to his departure for Queanbeyan. Mr. Brown preached his farewell sermon on Sunday. Prior to settling at Quean beyan, Rev. Mr. Brown will be married to a Bailarat young lady. The Commonwealth Government is taking active steps to resume private land in the Federal capital area. Up to the present very little has been done in this direction, the only properties taken over being those required for the immediate use of the Government such as the Acton and Duntroon es tates. The secretary of the Depart ment of Home Affairs (Colonel Miller) is now in the territory making valua tions of the private properties,' includ- ing agricultural and pastoral holdings. It is expected that the total amount re quired for the resumption will be in the neighbourhood of £1,000,000; but despite the financial burdeqj and the difficulty of managing the resumed farms and sheep stations economically, the Government is bent on having 100 square miles that it can call its own. A case surrounded by unique cir cumstances and great local interest was heard at the Condobolin police court last week. The municipal coun cil proceeded against D. H. Tasker, junr., licensee of the Royal Hotel, and Mayor of the town, for suffering slops to flow from his premises through a drain into the storm-water channel in Bathurst street. Defendant's brother is town clerk, who gave evidence of authority to prosecute. A fine of 10s and costs was imposed. Defendant's solicitor then explained that the Mayor had submitted to a test case, so that the council will now know its position with other similar offenders. The bench complimented the Mayor on his action. 'How New Zealand Grasped the Nettle' was the title of the lecture that Miss Anderson Hughes, the well known temperance missioner gave in Melbourne. Miss Hughes said that the same old stories about 'confiscation,' ruin to the honest hotelkeeper and so forth were told as when she was in Vic toria six years ago. After 'no-license' was carried in Masterton (N.Z.) she had visited it, and had been struck with the cheerfulness of the inhabi tants, and the signs of prosperity that were in evidence everywhere. But her friends told her that she should have -yme the week before when the Supreme Court had been sitting. Any particularly interesting cases, she ask ed? There were no cases at all, they replied, and in consequence the judge had been presented with a pair of white kid gloves. The Ladies' Benevo lent Association, after struggling along for 14 months with nothing to do, had disbanded. Chief Commissioner Johnson ap pears to have been in good humor on nis visit to Ganmain last weelt. He at first refused a request for an overhead I bridge near the platform, oe the score that it would cost a good deal more than he was prepared to spend. But a suggestion that the townspeople should raise half the cost altered the outlook. Would Mr. Johnson enter tain the proposal then? 'Oh, certain ly, I always entertain such offers as those.' A source of complaint was j that passengers transhipping at Junee had to scramble for a seat on tbe southern mail owing to main line pas sengers not having to tranship. Mr. Johnson: 'You find it difficult to get a corner seat, is that it.' Mr. Rowston: 'No, not altogether, the main trouble seejps to be with the women folk.' Mr. Johnson promised consideration. 'Thou shalt not excel' is becoming one of the first and greatest of the commandments in the Labor decalo gue. The earnestness with which it is enforced has jnst been illustrated by loyal unionist bricklayers of Mel bourne. Four of them undertook as a sporting offer to show how fast they^ could lay bricks in the construction of a wall for a picture theatre in Bourke street The task they set themselves was to lay 3,000 apiece in a working day of eight hours. They began well on the morning of Saturday week, with an average of 1,400 each for three and three-quarter hours, and were to complete their speed trial on a sub sequent afternoon. The test was in teresting, and one would have thought harmless. Not so, however, in the opinion of the Bricklayers' Union. Af ter the union had first endeavoured to pour ridicule on the attempt, the other men employed on the job suddenly re fused to work with the four, and so the trial of speed was abandoned. The four had transgressed the unionist law which forbids excellence and requires the smartest workers to be careful not to outdistance their slower fellows. 