 The Climate and Weather of Australia, By Olement Wraggo, &e« (Re-produced by permission to Mr. Wragge from the Sydney Mail.) Article No. 8. In this article— the third of the series— the writer deals with the sub ject of forecasting in a very comprehensive, practical way, explaining exactly how the Chief of the Weather Bureau arrives at his daily coo- I elusions. He also deals with the causes of cyclones and anticyclones, ) and their effect on local weather, and explains what different winds i i mean in the various .quadrants into which Australia Is divided. The flr.it word in jta tch-gram is a cypher of on? s Vila tie conveyins the reading of the lii'js thermometer nxed to the barometer, familiarly known as the attached thcrmomatc-r. ow, l-efore anything can be dbne m the mat'er f|f onliuary forecasting, the reading of every oflicial baro- meter ttirojgho it the Commonwealth must be Compared with all the otliers sine by side — the barometer at tfiiurs- 03y Island, in fact, with that at Ho- hart. As holies expand by heat aid contract by cold, the .liaroinetor itself rorms no exception, and the instru ment 'at Thursday Island would be afleeted by the heat of the Tropic.,, .fee attached thermometers give the temperatures of the very barometers themselves, and enable every one cf tliem tbrougho it the eniirs service to le reduced by a sublructive correc tion to the standard temperature of 32aeg. J?, or 0 centigrade. Such re- cuction is the first operation (Readers will understand that we are instruct ing them rin the art of weather fore casting, and' phowing fheui step by- step Tiow the operations of the Head Weather Bureau are conducted,) But this aoes not renier possible a com plete comparison, because all the ba rometers cannot be at the same height above the sea, and because pressure decreases by 0.095 inch for every hun dred feet of .altitude above sea or thereatoute, since as altitude is in creased so much atmosphere is left, bohind which the barometer cannot measure. Hence it is imperative to knowi the 'height of every barometer in the country above mean sea eveL then an additive correction is ap plied1 to the barometric reading al ready reduced to 322 F„ and' it is possible to compare the indications of every barometer side by side throughout "the Whole extern of Aus tralia. If data can be acquired from New, Zealand; the Pacific Islands, Ma laya, and South Africa, and also from ships by wireless, so much the better, for the larger the field! of view the more accurate ought ,to be the fore- caste. Thus it must always be re membered that before anything can be- done re ordinary weatiier fore casting on a national scats every ba rometer in .the organisation must first be 'reduced by a subtractive correc tion to 32dieg. Fahrenheit, and next by 'an additive correction to mean sea level. Then add only then can the .Uhief complacently take his seat, light his pipe, and survey the condi tions. blank chart of Australasia is plareii before him, yet having there on dearly marked the positions of the observing stations. He ea'l3 his computing clerk, who brings in a bundle of telegrams. "Look here," says he, "'are yoa quite sure that every barometric reading has been faithfully red-iced and corrections applied for inc. ex error?" "Yes, sir," —Simple though those reductions ar3, have you gone over each one twice or Ihrice to avoid any possioilitv of error?" "Quite sure, sir," is the answer, CYCLONES AND ANTICYCLONES. _ Then the Chief's daily responsibi lity begins. On the chart against every station he enters the reduced barome tric reading. This done, he takes a blue chalk .pencil .and1 proceeds to join those places or 'regions where the ba rometer reads alike by lines, which are called isobars, or lines of eoual pressure. These by labels 'to tenths of an inch. He must use the .keenest judgment, and watch the arrows indi cating tne winds, which have als> been plotted; applying, as the pencil trails its way, the standard law for the Southern Hemisphere, which to thus formulated: "Stand as with your back to the wind; and the barome ter is lower on the right 'hand1 than on the left." Tho trailug pencil nowi gradually. indicates the localities of the antic vclones and e.vclones respective ly. Positives and negatives, plusftad minus, pervade the universe, and the atmospheric waves form no excep tion. The anticyclones feeds the cy clone, and vice versa. ANTICY CLONES ARE MAINTAINED BY A DOWNFLOW AND OUTFLOW OF COLD AIR FROM THE UPPER RE GIONS OF THE ATMOSPHERE, AND CYCLONES BY AN -UPFLOW, AND INFLOW OF WARMER AND MORE RAUCFUL AIR. The winds around anticyclonic circulate m the opposite cirection to the hands of a watch, and' around cyclones in the same di rection as clock hqnds. In the North ern Hemisphere the circuiatiovs and laws are reversed. The two Bys- tems are often more or less circular, in shape, but anticyefoues may take the form of a long ellipse, and' cy clones assume V-shapes, either erect or inverted. Particularly is . the V- shaped cyclonic depression .in evidence in Australia, and, in' fact, in the Southern Hemisphere generally south from the parallel' of 8 degrees. The mousoonal disturbances which particu cUlariy influence this country dufviig tho warmer months -are more or less erect- tongue-like Vs, . and' are extensions southwards from the equatorial zone of low. pressure, and' .the Antarctic low nressnre disturbances take the form of inverted ' Vs, and- are extensions, from- the South" Polar belt of low pres sure. ' WEATHER CHANGES. Remembering what 'has ' been said about the main disturbances travel ling from westward towards the east, ana the circulation of the winds and shapes ' of the disturbances, '.it is at onee ' clear that ON EVERY SIDE OF ANY GIVEN DISTURBANCE, WHE THER HIGH OR LOW, THS WIND WILL BE DIFFERENT, 'AND A CHANGE OF WIND MEANS CHANGE OF WEATHER. But in discussing what approaching, wind changes really , mean the Chief in his chair, with the iso- baric .'chart now filled in 'and com plete before him, as ho next -proceeds to. iseue the dhily forecasts must loy ally adhere ' to hveiy - article of ins "profession "of faith." The meteoro logist has his creed; -as also the re ligionist, . and a very practical ono it is. It is enunciated as folio we: I BELIEVE IN LATtTGDE, LONGI TUDE, ALTITUDE, ' PHYSlQGRAPHI- CAL FEATURES. AND THE DIUR NAL RANGE OF THE BAROMETER, AMEN;' and1 firet I believe in latitude. Now", it is a fact that the barometen respond!® to such and sicli jvjiris depending on the latit-idc of the place where the instrument is, and thus it is evident that the words so often seen on barometer dials, "rain, change, fair, very dry," are utterly mislead ing and worthless in 'many localities. But let us return to the completed! weather chart and the Chief in his sanctum. Subsidiary loops or twists may appear in tne isobars, and' everV loop, every line, has its meaning. In fact, the completed: chart is .like an intricate piece of music, which can easily bo rendtied and interpreted by an accomplished! hand. .WELL MAY WE SPEAK CF "THE MUSIO OF THE ISOBARS. ' At limes and in places the isobaric contouring is wide apart, in others close together, mean ing easy or steep barometric gradients respectively, and the steeper the gra dient tho stronger will be the wind, as the steeper the hill with greater force will water flow, down it. Recol lecting all that has been said, the Chief's daily responsibility how cen tres in ; the issue of the forecasts, and the keenest faculties of judgment and correct diagnosis must be employed, exactly as an experienced physician diagnoses a case. Useless the instru ments, useless the chart, useless every thing if these vital faculties are lack ing. There are meteorologists and me teorologists, physician, .and puyrituans. and the man who cannot uiscern the real meaning of an isobar and is un-. able to read between the Jines is bound to .make a bpugle, and his forecast will fail. In formulating the forecast for any part of Australia, latitude and .physical geography most particularly must be considered. A few instances will convey what we mean:— A NORTH-EASTERLY .WIND ON THE QUEENSLAND COAST, WEST FROM THE EAST COAST RANGES, AND IN THE INTERIOR AND CN THE SOUTH COAST OF AUSTRALIA MEANS DIFFERENT |SETS OF CONDITIONS ALTOGETHER, and ..the same may be said t>f the other winds with regard to other parte. For a discission of winds wnicn de pend on tne too oars, and what they mean, vie may summarily divide Aus tralia imp four parts, by lines cros sing at right angles, say, at Alice Springs, and these must be again sub divided into i coastal and continental. .WHAT THE .WINDS MEAN. Following is a summary ..in outline —and there are many mdlifieations and exceptions depending on -seasons and! "the different degrees of anticy- clonic iiand1 cyclonic energy,— of what the .wind! mean in the quadrants or regions just indicated North-eastern quadrant, embracing Queensland1 —The barometer in this qua drant being mainly tropical is but little guide, save when -it falls half a tenth in .half an hour, when it is a .sure warning of a dangerous storm. N, NE„ E, and SE winds mean in creased humidity iu all disrrict? ne-ir the sea, the coast of Carpentaria ex cepted, where NE, N, and NW. are mainly damp, and temperature will increase or decrease with respect to the latitudes whence tb.e wiids blow. Removed from -the sea alt winds will be much drier, W to S especially bo, except northeriies under an engrgetio 'monsoonaf disturbance, because coast hills and tracts will, to a huge ex tent, absorb the moisture. South-eastern quadrant, -embracing Southern Queensland, Newi Soata Wales, Victoria, 'and part of itoyt'i ^Austra lia. — Barometers generally fall under Winds between E, N, and M and rise for J5E to SW. winds. ' A failing ba rometer in south Queensland in winter often means clear westerly weather, NE to HE will be damp in east coast parts, and SE to .W damp oa the so itb coast; but N to N.Wi will be dry in fhose districts and very hot in summer and! cold in winter. Inland, again, as in the other case, all winds will carry less moisture, and NE, N, and1 NWi wfil be very dry. bordering fit. Vincent's Gulf- In Tasmania, be ing insular, conditions will be accen tuated1 or modified, depending on prox imity to fhe coasts and' influence of the Tiers. South-western quadrant, embracing western South Australia and the south ern half of Western Australia.— Baro meters behave generally as in the last case, "except that westerly winds near the coast are dirty and often wet un der a falling barometer. All winds, between W. and! SE will be damp bor dering the coast, and NW. also damp on the Western Australian littoral, whereas northeriies to easterlies will be .very dry, exactly the reverse of conditions in coastal Queensland. In land1 in this division northeriies to easterlies will be especially irv, and the latter particularly cold! in win ter- and! the moisture of the other winds will be much lessened. . North-western quadrant, embracing northern WestraUa, and! a large part of the Territory— Barometers be- hava generally the same as in the north-eastern qqadrant, being tropieal- Bcnleriog the coast -all winds between Nil, NW, and: STO will ha more or less diamp, -and those between S, SE, and: E will be dry, while inland all wiadfe .will bo dry, except under ener getic monsoonal distaroances. Now, these are first principles depending on latrude and .topography, and wo repeat that there, are exceptions depending on barometric gradients and lie sea sonal pontooving of the isobars, end' what has been said about the winos must he considered "also with refer- ence. to the climatic zones. TO make oar meaning - -still clearer: Take the case of a circular anticyclone coming frori the Indian Ocean. The wind -will bs E on the north side, NE on the on the south-west, W on the ' south, north-west side, N on the west, NW SW. on the sontb-east, S on the east, 'and! SE on the 'north-cast sides respec tively, and as the currents sweep round1 cyclones in the opposite way conditions with respect to .ernoiilir fow pressure systems are reversed!. iWitn an qye like an eagle's and percep tion sharpen than ..p two-edged feword the boss meteorologist, knowing his 'bu siness can forecast all these renditions and! .what each implies; he can locate rainfall, 'advise the Squatter, warn shipping of daugero is gales, ani pre- dict all phenomena resulting from the passage of certain, isobars, and! he should! be accurate, as .we 'have said, to at least 95 per cent, for austra lian forecasting is ry no means Difficult when one KNOWS HOW. TO DO JT. Now, is not the whole story fascinating in the extreme, although it involves tremen dous responsibilities in an official ca pacity ? .  The tilimate and Weather of Australia By Olemant Vragge, F.R.OA., fto. (Reproduced by permission to Mr. Wrasse from the Sydney Mail.) Article No. 2. In this— the second article of the series— the writer deals with some of the avoidable causes of drought) and gives much sound advice regard- I ing the effect of afforestation, ringbarlung, water conservation, and irrigation on local climate. He also suggests several important schemes that might be carried out in Australia, sucb as the damming i of certain rivers in New South Wales and Queensland. WE now come lo tbe iubjccts of forest coi strvancj. i ingbarkiiq:, water con servation, si'id i-rigauon in connection with climate A whole volume eiul.i le' written en tlic-se , subi«.cls. The ti-ecs of A 'sir, ilia are oil: or its greatest assets, and it is posiiivfiy heartbreaking ;o a lover of the be in tiful lo see over' vast acres of coun- liy gaunt weird, bleached trunks stretching out their arms to heaven" as if in mute protest against (be whole sale slaughter. Wc fully admit that land must be cleared lor agncul'.ural and1 residential purposes- let there is the right- way anil the wrong way in winch to no it, and the latter largely predominates. FORESTS PP'iV- ERFULI.V AFFECT AND MODIFY CLUMATU, .AND FORM PART OF NATURE'S ECONOMY in the great. Australian land. The fallen leaves form humus for tbe growth of swcit grass, and the roots, by 'binding the soil, prevent disintegration and denu dation by fioiui. In forest lands there should always t.c .grass and food for stock. To ruthlissl.v destroy our trees gui only spell mraster. One cannot disturl the equilibrium of Nature with out being paid out and charged com pound interest on the iransaetinn 111 the long run. Droughts in the past would not have beeit so severe but for the luibless destruction of the trees which render climate more equable and most surely lend to increas; Die rainfall, while keeping the 'soil from being linked by the .sun. Changes of temperature go on more slowly in forest country than in the open. Yet trees must be cut for timber— thai we fully allow— but for every tree cut cown, save in areas paniciilarly pastoral and agricultural, .-mother one shoild be planted, >a-id we regard Ar bor Pays as one of lire greatrs- insti tutions of the country. Take the arid plains of Spain, caused by forest delin eation, and let Australians learn the lesson. Generally semiring, clearing the land and ling-baikine for agri culture. SHOULD BE CARRIED OUP IN THE FORM OF A CIRCLE OIL OVAL, l-avinsr a broad belt of timber on cither sioe, with sheltering clamps hero and "there ill the middle. Pro tection would thus be aS'orded agair.rl the burning winds'lof summer and Die chilly blasts of winter, and th: clumps in the middle would afford .graf-d-il slaac for sheep and eifil'. Yet.. some people never pause to think, never excrctee the diviue faculties of mind; bu' tliey cut, slash, aad destroy as though the trees were the greatest enemies thev bad, instead of genuine friends. IRRIGATION. ft is hiehlv gratifying lo know of tbe splendid" irrigation werk carried- out in the Coulburn Valley, at Ren- mark ana Mildura. and of tr.o-e now under construction by tse New Seeih Wales Government. Woull that it could be continued to all the mriii river districts throughout the country! Water conservation to Australii, pro- vicing against drought tuue, is Sts very ealvatiou, and ALL IEtRlGM'ED lands should have a modified AND GENIAL LOCAL CLIMATE— A NEW CLIMATE, IN FACT, PRO DUCED b; THE ENERGY OF MAN. Let us give one instance ol work tnat sliouid yet be carried out— mere are many such. We mean the dimming of tho Warrego and hD irrigari-jo cf western South Qaeensland. What is now in draught time h burning wil derness, with the ugly black crows cawing the ciige o! i'-ath and disaster, could le converted into a miiature Nile Volley," and Oannamulli w;uid Llo-som as nil Elysian garden in aa irrigated Mesopotamia. Oranges, le mons, olix'5, vines, dates, banana', and many otlu-i luscious fruits could, by irrigation, be grown on too: wes'-rn plains with entire success Very gar- oens of Paradise would adorn the coun try, and an extreme climate would 1-e renaeieo more equable and delight ful. GET UP AND "DAM. The same is true of the Maranoj, Cbnr'amine, Barc>.«o, LaciUun, Darling, and olher districts: and if we were Prime Minister, w: shoali repeal ? law that hampered private entci'pri;:, an i should oiler a sutstanliil fTmu.; to all landholders who would coatii- buto their share towards tile cost of damming all the rivers and miin creeks. By suitable lo ks a ty stein of inland navigation could 1' ; man guratr-d, aDd "Die luscious pro-iuc.- brought down lev fleets of steamers to a harbour at . the "ilurray moiitn. ttience to be desjiatched to the markets of U.c world. This is no Utopia 1 dream; it can beeo.m; a very "reality when A STATESMAN is produced who will force the tiling throigli by lae very iMwer of the .master min i. Th -n the terrors of drought wall have eeared, and man wall have corns to his right ful inheritance. WORK IS LIFE, WOItX IS TRUE. PRAYER. AW.Vv wrrii stupid sufplio ations for BAIN AGAIN WtF, BAV, "GET UP AND DAM1' If Au.-lralia were uiju;r Amerii-au 01 Jaoa-ese rule -sucii irri gation works as. those instanced, ivould have teen done long agi. Irngab.-d lands alter the temperature and va pour tensions, increase hitni'iity, and modify burning -winds; an-l 6dbli, coupled with ti-ee-plantiog and forest conservapce, would render cjntin nital Australia one of ihe mast -harming countiios .if the world. Mors than (his, if a Roosevelt or a Taft were incar nated in this land Lakes Tbrr. n:, Eyre, Gairiner, and Amadeus Wo.il.1 be con nected with toe sea, aid all diffi culties t»f level overcome, as in the case of the Panama Canal. Of course, it wotld mean moiey; b-jt money is only mtans to an end', by the right use of which human life is lejtsrqd, and the money would' lie forthcoming and yield ample results. Then indeed would climate b; in.prwoi, and the arid' wastes or the interior converted into an Eden. Very much more might bo raid about climatology ; lilt this cectioii must now: close. OLK OLIMATOLOCilCAL BELT?. Before proceeding to summarise the work of ordinary forecasting, it might ho well to give a list of tne V> main climatologicaj Belts, regions, or zones, that influence lb? climates of Australia. They .are;— 1 The west ern Ml of Cpe York Peninsula; &lt;?, tbe eastern half of Can: York Pe ninsula; 3, the seaboard betw -.m Ctiok- toivi. and Cleveland Bay; 4, the hills i clween COoktown atv.l the 17th parallj loraeiiag tlie sea.; 5, inland districts of Queensland north from lati'ude 17 cleg. 8, including the plains ot Car pcniaria; 6, the "littoral between _ Gape OlLVciami and ti.e Tropic of -.'apricoru; 7, liiliv districts near the sea between the jiaraliel of Cape Cleveland and tne Tropic: 8, inland" and western dis tricts or Ciu.'iiisl.i.id .south from the 17ik parallel, tliencc to th: Tropi-' ; 9, tne coast strip between Cape Capri- carii and the Clarence River; 10, th: coast hills between the Tropic aria the Clarence, including the Blackall Ran- g'.s : 11, inland .ind western Queens land from tbe Tropic : 12, t!.e .coast stnji letween the Clarence .and Mo- ruva (including Sidney and the Ilia -.Tana) - lo, tiv. New England dis trict ami adjacent features: II, the l.:il coastal zone between New Eng land and Queanbeynn (including inoii - ficalions in the Blue Mountains): 15, the inland districts of New South Wales . 16, the coast Lttwc.ai Moruya and Ctipe llowc; 17, Monaco, Kosciusko, and the alpir.e region; 18, Gippsland; 19, si- land Victoria- 20, the" coast iiclt of wtsiern Victoria; 2l, the north coast of Tasmania : "22, the east coast of Tasmania ; 23, tbe south coisl of Tas mania; 21, Mount Wellington and ad jacent hills; 25, the Myrtle scrolls and west coast of Tasmania; 2G, central Tasmania, 27, the Iters and northern mountains of Tasmania; 28, the coasts of -South Australia east from the meri dian of Port Lincoln ; 29, the hills of South Australia, including Meant Lofty, the Gawler, Barossa, an-l' Flind ers Ranges; 30, the maltoe sera: gene rally: 31, the inland plains of South Australia south from the Tropic; 32, the coii.-t ret ween Port Lincoln and Eucla; 33, the i-oati between Eucla and Albany; 31, the jarrah forests and south-western corner of Western Aus tralia; 35, inland Western Australia south from ibe 30th parallel ; 36, the coast lelt hrluveii Perth and the Tro pic: 37, inland Western Ajslralia be tween Jfldeg. S and the Tropic of Cap- rieo-n; 38, the coast of Wester l .Aus tralia tetween the 'fropie and1 the 17th parallel; 33, inland Wcstero Australia within the -last-named limits; 40, the toast of Western Australia north from the 17th uar.tilel; 41, inland Western Australia, ' north from the 17th parallel; 42, the coast of the Northern Territory ; 43, inland district# of the Territory north from latitude 17deg. S; 44, the western coast of the Gulf of Carpentaria; 45, the table lands and steppes of Central Aus tralia. ORDINARY FORECASTING. The meteorologist's -duty is to issue ordinary forecasts of the weat jer. Thsse slioild cover periods of ?4 hours 'to a week in advance, and be fulfilled wilt, an accuracy of 95 per cent. Owing to' ..the geographical position of Australia the -jyork of ordinary wea ther forecasting- is rendered far less iiffkifit ttar. in the .noriljern hemis phere. The country is governed 'by two main types of atmospheric dis tin-nance — the anticyclonic or high pros- sure system and' the cvclonic or low pressure. Not that a cyclone neces sarily means a hurricane; it is a technical term (just as if a geologist were to go into the road and pick Up a har.oful (Of dirt he would call it '"rock"), and merely implies low pres sure THE MAIN ATMOSPHERIC WAVES SWEEP. ACROSS AUSLRALIA FROM WEST TO EAST, and as there ar: troughs and crests in the waves of the c-ceau so there ar: in the at mosphere. The tiopiral hurricanes or cyclones proper usually approach from nortn- east towards south-west, and recurve lowai-ds south-east between the paral lels of 13 and' 26 degrees, as the suns southern declination decrease, and oWr ing to rarefied: atmosphere becoming jammed or wallea in by nnti-cyclonic crc-sts. Stations for the securing of forecasting data are known 'as first order ana second order. They' should be scattered all over the country, and not farther apart than 100 miles. In audition to the instruments employed at climaiologieal stations each one must Le supplied with the noblest of all meteorological "instruments, the .stand- am- mercurial barometer, which may be either of the Portia or Board of Trade, pattern, and first-order stations- must -also be fitted' witn a barograph, thermograph, and hygro graph for re gistering in aniline ink, by dlock work motion, ever/ variation coniinoouslv "in pressure, temperature, and tioinid.ty. Anemometers .of wind recorders are also advisable, but not irntierati'-e: and observations should be taken at 3 ajm- 9 a.m, 3 p.m., and 9 pan. at the early liour by scir-recorrters to avoid interference with ih" observer's rest. CARE OF BAROMETER. Siauard barometers are most deli cate instruments, and tne transporta tion. and1 final .fixing of such an one at an out-station aeuianis the utmost care. Nursing a recalcitrant baby Is nothing compared to carrying a ba rometer on horseback or on ibe top of a co'ach to "a fair distant outpost. Wc had' enough of this when originally fencing Carometic stations through Crijte York Peninsula and in the wipis of the "Nevc-r-Nev.-?," whence fore casting data are flow: derived daily nr.cicr the newl regime. IT an in fant receives a snake, it will cry and1 get over it. Not so the barometer. When not in active use it must he carried! cistern end up, and Ihe slight est jar may caus; air ilumat.ilv. to viiiato what is technically known as the torricellian vacuum. Thus the in- str-jtunt, which reads to -thousandths of an inch, by improper handing may become useless for scientific work; ana even when finallv lung, in posi tion it sbould: 'be caret iRy protected By a wire guard. A damaged baro meter giving wrong readings might se riously vitiate a forecast on .which momentous interests depend. The pub lic have too idea of Die cnormo >s -la bour and responsibility in th.s re gard attaching to the writer when fixing such -instruments in the back- blocks, and' of tbe keen joy experien ced when tbe barometer -was' finally fixed, as- at Boulia. - And never nhal we forget safely laming the barometer: on the very suiuuiQ. of KoEciuskn. Then oteqrvere have, to be taught; i-kotf1 ultimately become . as a trained "barometer nurse." This work be came the foundation ot the present wi-»attor service. All that has been said with regard to management and inspection applies with special force to these stations, whence data are telegraphed to the t«-ad ofitee for Die preparation of the weather chart, on which the dallv forecasts are based. 