 Sir George Reid's special embassy to Ber lin has resulted in a German company being formed to develop trade between this country and the Fatherland. This achievement em phasises the great possibilities lying before a prospective Australian High Commissioner in America. Canada finds it^ advantageous to have an agency in Melbourne! but the gain is infinitesimal compared with what we would find in being well represented in the United States. The Westralian Government's method of; tackling the trust which keeps up the price of meat in Perth deserves public recognition. For years the trust has contrived to stifle competition from the eastern States by clever manipulation of the local harbor and health regulations. It held a complete grip of the north-west cattle trade and was therefore able to dictate its own prices to the public. The Government has now stepped in and - pur chased two or three steamers which will con vey Kimberley meat to Perth and give the retailer a chance to get his supplies from an independent source. m m m The White Star Company has in hand the construction of four vessels each of eighteen to twenty thousand- tons , for the Australian trade, but sees no hope of getting them into Port Phillip Bay under present conditions. As a result, if nothing is done to deepen the en trance to the port the ships will only call at Melbourne when in light draft. The deepen ing of the Rip is said to be largely a matter of "go" and gunpowder, but the- Harbor Trust does not seem to have any go at present, being mostly worried over the Government's threat to abolish it altogether. Already there are ships . visiting Port Phillip Bay which come near scraping the rocky bottom of the Rip, and the sooner the port is put under a new board fully equipped with "go" and ex plosives, the better will the prospect be of the costly new Port Melbourne pier being fully used. . » . . . An English butter man visiting these parts has endeavored to throw discredit on Minister Tudor's Commonwealth butter brand system. He. says that a large section of the British public .prefer margarine to butter; but this cannot be accepted as a reason why the Bri tons who still preserve their good taste for Australian butter should not be given the best possible guarantee with the, pure and un adulterated article. Fact ' is the Minister should go further and institute regular pro ceedings in English courts against- persons who adulterate Australian butter before put ting it on the retail market. The British law is notoriously kind to the food adulterator, but it affords some protection to owners of regulation brands and trade marks, and the . High Commissioner should be instructed to get what change he can out of that fact. . * * * Roosevelt's defeat of Taft- in the ."Primar ies" in Ohio, the President's own State,-looks from, this distance like a turning-point in fa,vorr of the bear slayer. Taft in his recent, utter ances, too, displays a peevishness that scarcely confidence of victory. The placidity of i alt. does not really represent the American temperament, although it was speciously ?pv?1 m i T? do so when he was given the office, l he election of Roosevelt would be beneficial y' bJecause Theodore, judging by authentic -ccounts, has a good knowledge of our institutions. He Is undoubtedly alive to the possibilities of a working tariff agreement between the United States and the Common wealth. Taft has lost ground in the important matter of foreign policy by countenancing an attempt to grab Canada, although, of course, he could scarcely help himself. . » » The Lawn Tennis Association of Victoria has selected the Albert Cricket Ground, on St. Kilda-road, as the venue of the next Davis Cup contest. The game and the public alike could not be better served. Incidentally the Melbourne Tramway Company will benefit by the large haul of fares it will net on the St. Kilda track. It would pay the tram people to boom the forthcoming matches for all they are worth and a little over, because inter national tennis is a special line quite extra to cricket and football matches, which are just thrown at them in the ordinary way of business. The company should offer a hand some prize to encourage young Victorian tennis players to blossom forth and be glorified, for by that means they can largely assist in keep ing the international contests a permanent fix ture 011 the Albert ground, past which the cars run. * «. Some of the designs sent in by distinguished European architects for the Federal Capital competition clung too closely to old-world tra ditions. Streets were shown, for example, little over thirty feet wide, and tortuous at that. On the other hand the Americans showed themselves to be most in touch with Austra lian requirements. In the leading designs the . "cobweb" or "caa't-wheel" system of street planning was observed. Generally speaking the Americans made a trifle too free with the landscape, carving off hills and filling up deep chasms for the plain purpose of getting straight roads. However, by taking the best feature of each design the Government archi tects will get the best plan that the world has to offer for a competitive premium of £1750. * Mr. , J. S. Jenkyn'si once ' preyniev of South Australia, has beeii' telling", tlveflp ;i;i London that Government" owned railways* liav.e proved a success; in' tliis c'outttry-Jjibut -theJfkct does not prove; in liis opinion, that i't 1.Would be judicious for them to nationalise the British system at this hour, of day. Probably Mr. Jenkyns fears that Labor demands would be come too exorbitant if the change were made in the present ; disturbed state of industry. No doubt the 'best time to nationalise ser vices in any country is at the beginning. Better never than late. If Labor^ receives a further lease of power next election, Australia will see this proposition worked out to a disastrous climax. * # * . Every week almost brings one sign or an other of tendency or desire to expand Federal functions. In the last few days the Common wealth Court of Conciliation has been reach ing out for that stipreme control of industry which the people refused to grant at the late lamented referendum. Two instances have been afforded. Of one, the decision by Mr. Justice Higgins to force the Renmark fruit pickers and growers into Court; it might not be quite fair to say that it is an act of aggression, since .qyeyy '??sajue person would welcome a permanent'- settlement of troubles which were accompanied by 'mysterious fires and poisonings. , The other" inStVnce is in an application by builders' laborers/ii Sydney for a conference in MpV/ourne.,* tc/draw up an agreement for filing in , t^te/ Commonwealth Court. ~ The Master Buil(j6i^'/'are puzzled, and a little bit anxious. T-he^very latest word in arbitration legislation was proclaimed to have been in the Act framed by Mr. Beeby and ~ passed a few weeks ago by the N.S.W. Parlia ment. Sydney's leading lawyers are now try ing to find out.-whether it is possible for em ployers* to obey a&\th&"iS$ate and Federal laws governjijg. industry. -'AU^d'er which king?" "ask the .builders in despair,^ afia their only answer is a' mockiiilg'echb, "Which .king?" The fact is that the one and fata] fla-v m ^ new Act Is that it does not a,.;,- m;8®* Higgins Arbiter of Industry V Vh~r-J®« New South Wales. - h" s«»l There is a very circumstan:; ,] BI( police circles at present of a - . in a house at Fitzroy between -rV^'rni burgling gang led by two we)].^* whom they name. After the g;,:, w, ".00 a city shop and landed £100 in ,? with the "swag" quietly stowed t in his stocking When they :,.aci,ed jf headquarters in Young-street, r&lt;1(, i ' the gang challenged the amoum ?.,'roduw.fl division. Five minutes later t h.. ni "went crook on the mob" was hhi" ,",n scious on the floor. He awoke in half.-, to find that his "double cross" had Wt without any share at all of the W>tv }"" given him instead a body and head lm and cut in twenty places. The incident th a little light upon the ways in winch a &lt; man's identity becomes known to the poli but when they know who did a certain . 10 they still have to find evidence to connect hta with it. . Not that the battered thief ],]"«»" himself within reach of the police. \ % i friend" was the informant. It is from sum women that much of a detective's informatlm comes. ;§i{ . . . ; . Mr. Roberts, M.H.R., whose inordinate luff? leering for the limelight leads him into ma© indiscreet utterances, has been talking iiboif strikes. . For public information, it may $ stated here that Mr. Roberts is an honoralf Minister in the Fisher cabinet. "There is $6 more harm," says Mr. Roberts, "in the labor i refusing to sell his labor for less than a cm tain price than there is in the farmer hom.: ing on to his wheat because the miller wfli . not give him the price he asks." Very niiel put, Mr. Roberts. Now, stand up «ncl answ# a few questions. If Farmer Brown prefers sell his wheat, does Farmer Smith, who is hoi ing on, put a cake of dynamite on the road the railway? Does Farmer Smith say th: no one hut he and his particular friends sir be. allowed to sell wheat at all? Does Farm Smith burn "Farmer Brown's haystacks poison his horses? Does Farmer Brown, see" ing to sell his wheat because he must comfoi'ts for a sick wife and child, ko in te ror of injury to life and limb? The farm will not swallow all that Mr. Roberts and he will^riot thank that gentleman for f offensive and * false comparison which he lis drawn. In the intervals of heralding the vagaries a storm named "Thomas" - fancy .losia, Thomas progressing at cyclone speed, partietF larly when he is settling the Northern Terr tory-the one and only Wragge is i orecastin, a long dry spell for Australia. He hzis bee] scourging the farmers with word:-: like pions in letters to the press. "This is 11 time," says Mr. Wragge in his flamboyant wa. "for idle repining, going on one's knees an grovelling before the Infinite like a whippe cur." "Be brave," he goes on; ";-et "P aI1 dam." He spells it that way. The farmer, a thinks, is too apt to sit down and : pell it tn other way. And perhaps there is .. -oon (tea of truth in Mr. Wragge's bombasti c Not twice in the life of every n. find himself constituting the wli. "party" with the balance of power ment. That lias happened to .v Cameron; M.H.A:, of Tasmania. Mr. Norman Cameron was in '. "majority" of the Reid-McL.ean Go the-federal House of Representati curious vanity led him into pubb -which Ministers could not suffer wn humiliation. It became necessary Reid (now Sir. Geo. Reidl to P nounce Mr. Cameron's attitude ami gentleman that he had better go r.c and hang himself, or whatever is ii does h of th . a Parlia Norma ;. i s sain .. self tli. .ment i . and hi it t ilude , at srea .or . iclv de -f ell tlia ho &lt;1 Parlia "n(5e of . onveying such -sentiments, jjne a celled himself in bis pre w f,m'»Ln Th> state of parties makes liis nPfc-warv .o the life of the Lewis ,'nl ami His freak legislator has through the press. He announc-Pi- that.. he is "agreeable to riic iiip leado-'-.-hip of the Liberal party . portfolio of lands." - He nominates fiilV insurer an(5 graciously allows that the tnv select :ne other Ministers., Failing riv"s" accojii ance of his terniB he de , f ,is intention of putting the Labor Party ll1" ,,/»>. with the intimation that so soon as displease him out. they will go, too. value of Labor's protestations of a wish cop ihis country properly settled may be "u'li i,v the latest action, or rather, in fin of' the Department of External Affairs. " riran ranchers are anxious to inspect 1p country in the Northern Territory. "No I min letting them have a look at it, Andy, ' uniiose," says Mr. Thomas, and Mr. Fisher .J a cautious and qualified approval. So flir ranchers arc t old they may go and look. iron 1 take any of it away," they explain i the obviously fluttered officials. "We'd like , {Mile down there." "But," explained the firiUirv to the Department (Mr. Atlee Hunt), ?re can't let you have any land. We have not surveved it all yet." The territory is shout up for jjeople; here are experienced men fjflv to take it on lease as the Government (lif'y provides, t he men are ready to use the jd for the very purpose for which the Gov rnmeiit experts say it should be used, and, ipbold, they are told, in Mr. Atlee Hunt's most ujiMior accents, that the surveys are not o!))|)]eted and they cannot get leases! "Say" -von can imagine the disgusted rancher's com ment-"how long would it take to survey that land for me if you really wanted to lease it? And how long does it take this caterpillar Gov ernment of yours to get a move on?" * . . There died in England on April 12 last the man who popularised and made known.to mil lions that delectable meal known throughout the English-speaking world as "sausages and mashed." This gentleman, whose baptismal name was William Harris, was better known as, tie "Sausage King," and he had hundreds of tops scattered throughout London where the tastiest of sausages and the creamiest of masli .3 were vended at prices to suit the pockets call. Mr. Harris was in many ways a remark iiile man. Iu addition to wonderful skill in tie manufacture of that somewhat' mysterious wmmodity referred to 'by the illiterate as a fossidge," he had the business acumen to con vince the average Londoner that "sausage and mashed" were a sine qua non of existence. Starting with a barrow, ere many years he had one of the most lucrative businesses in the ?reat metropolis, and in later years his army and navv contracts ran into huge sums. . . . . Now that the question of the legislation of joe Potalisator is being thrashed out in New south Wales mid sporting men here are talk n>S of the desirability for the introduction of toe tote, a statement by, the Ministry of France w the State profits.'itt-cunnectipn with the tax "" the totalis.) i or, and)'gariiefe Of chance is inter esting. The French" tax of 15 per cent, on Hfti163yielded in the year 1911 a tie short of three hundred/..thousand pounds, ue totalisato- tax of one'pei» cent, yielded a revenue £150,000, whilst the .deduction wntotalisai r receipts for charities amounted ,irA tnfle "'inder, three hundred thousand Fran ln tlle gamesters' of La Belle were faxed to the extent of three ion? :niHion during the year. Opin of v5;'"r as regards the moral aspect mm! totalis" .-or, but as a-revenue producer it "pl arently-:: France at1 least-keeps its end ijn)I®m^ers the Sydney Wharf Laborers' thev «!?aTe r; last come to the'conclusion that srov'jng tired of continually having !iaby." The Lithgow Prisoners' letter P :~l1&lt;vtee sent the wharf laborers a to indf,w CV : ;:lar last week asking that union apainc-t f^ ,r- a one-day strike as a protest tiinw + :ion of the Government ^in de the whaVT ase the Lithgow martyrs. Then comni'^A ,'V orers rose in their wrath and tie hnmf :--erly that they are made to bear lausefl h, oi . - (iarly all the industrial disputes more thl 0,Vf&lt;r unions. They said they were Hev f ?, ' i'ed of "carrying the baby," as that iha « iuul as a niild way of suggesting, shelved T'T" might be brought into use "ie whnlri ' er for six months.. The action of sav in 'a ..orers put the "kibosh"-as . they idea classics -on the one-day strike -"saap /ia,v? a set-baclc to the paid agitator, the®. should be an eye-opener to Place6?ho^e. Uex^ Imperial " Conference takes ^fers win s. renSth: .; of- the "Navy in .Home cueeion t,, i,)C ttle chief topic advanced for dis by the British Government. The more tnougntrul London review* bear references in +v./f J , ow frequently ions to support th^u!!ecesTty for thG Domin feat, by the °^nV&lt;leT,"0nie ,Fleet- so as to de Germany's plan of ^rAYf68 "ni,ed resources, gobbling up1 ti" co J U"f ,at lhP heart a»« practical expression Si, ' Ieisure- More found in thfdeSminltll fame ,sen,iment is land's Dreadnnm^ll !° malje New Zea S^eceh^ units at an earl? date. Commonwea]Hi-s "aval * . . bank clerk'had'lo'i l0,,Ule{ c]erks" union that a ried wit nn l dismissed for having mar ried without the consent of the directors." When Bertie, the bank clerk, whose eyes are G°IfS l°hJ' sw.e,et1Rumi»e)' evening to woo, n tne girl should be you T he best thing to do Is to get information concerning his screw. S!1' lje. 11 deceived by the coat on his back Though^ducally dressed, yet the cash he may And the world will look black wr ^le>r 6*ve Mm the sack, When the marriage inspector gets on his track. Poor Bertie must labor, as Jacob of old Worked hard for his Rachel-and then he was sold And his love may grow cold, While he waits for the gold That will open the gate of the Benedicks' fold. So Bertie from Gertie must hold him aloof, Till the gracious directors have granted the oof That will furnish them proof He can pay for a roof And love, to the bank clerk, is only a spoof. . We desire to be quite candid about the matter .... if the leagues make the mis take of giving a distinctive Conservative tone to the selection of candidates, they may as well disband on the instant . . . .' for 'they will run them to certain defeat." It is this kind of passage in a daily paper leading article that makes one wonder where Mr. Deakin will take that new Libei-al policy when it is handed to him for perusal and approval. Will he happen along Collins-street with it? And, by the way, how are we to recognise the true Liberal as opposed to the "Conservative?" Apparently, this valuable information may be obtained any morning for a penny. "The man who would enter the Liberal fold Must be a good boy and must do as he's told, And, if he should challenge the flat of Us. We brand him a Beastly Conservative Cuss." Many a politician has tried his best to be obedient, but has been sadly hampered by a lack of knowledge as to what he would be expected to think next week. The Australian Army is getting on, accord ing to figures furnished by the Secretary for Defence. At the present moment there are SS.525 senior cadets and 36,000 junior cadets in actual training. On July 1 next 20,000 senior cadets will move up into the Australian militia, and another 20,000 will commence their school physical training as junior cadets. No less than S4.2 per cent, of the senior cadets who have been medically examined have been passed as physically fit to become militia men. As regards the healthiness of boys, Victoria holds the premier place by a long way. Tn that State the percentage of rejects as physically unfit is only 1.3 per cent. The percentage in New South Wales is 2.S, Tasmania 2.2, West Australia 3.1, South Australia 3.4, and Queens land 4.1. In Germany the percentage of those declared physically unfit for military training averages over nine per cent., and in France ' nearly eleven per cent. The Australian medi cal test is a severe one, and the youngster who passes is most certainly sound in .wind and limb; and now that the boys are shaking down into military work, the Australian Army of the future will "be a fighting machine equal to any in the world. . » . . A' band of unemployed marched through the streets of Melbourne one day test week. . A vear or two lias elapsed since such a sight was iast seen. At the Premier's office one man said there were 6000 workless people in the metropolis. He added, however, that it would reauire a house-to?house canvass to find that number. Factory owners will not deny the existence of workless men. The influx of im-, migrants has ea,sed the labor market consid erably of late. The responsibility Is on the Government to establish farms where sur plus country labor can be taken up at any time. * * * A gift of a million sterling for philanthropic purposes, such as Mrs. Hall, widow of the Syd ney millionaire, has given to the public of Australia, rather dazzles the imagination. It ensures for all time a constant stream of wealth going to the support' of institutions which main tain the best traditions of our civilisation. A pleasing fact about Mrs. Hall's gift (fahich, rby the way, has drawn a special cable of gratitude from the King) is that tlie: donor seeks no special personal recognition from the public. The gift is made, trustees are appointed to administer the munificent fund, and that is the end of it. Mrs. Hall has set a lead to moneyed people just at the time when the piling up of individual wealth . is becoming general throughout prosperous Australia. Other mil lionaires will arise in plenty as the years roll by and the young giant of the south rises up to place and power, but to Mrs. Hall will ever belong the honor of being the first on the list of Australia's donors of millions to the public good. * * * Empire Night in the charming Melburne sub urbs of Camber well, Canterbury and Surrey Hills rivals in illuminated beauty a carnival in Canton.. The streets are pranked with Cliin#s^-7]a111«gardens burst into blos 3f light, the whole pano fbr miles is' aHft-rfttive beyond all compari . &qn' with..fritjyiHnJn.nr!itioiis on a more preten t sc@Uvt> ^n^iyninal display is becoming \aW!«nvention ^coni\SMlich the resident liouse Hg'dferi ";&lt;iaii escape. Empire loyalty, tb»yg-f>VMn. tfrrlrfl'-mynr.Ti the function first sprang, is still' ar 'lrfotive force in the show, but the aesthetic possibilities are so great that they are carrying the function far above mere patri otic sentiment. It is estimated that fully forty thousand persons witnessed this year's display -almost as many as the best-recorded football match attendance. * * «c A few weeks after the loss of the supposedly unsinkable giant of the ocean, the Titanic, comes news of the launching of the nearly last word in huge ship construction. Last Thurs day the Kaiser attended the launching at Ham burg of the new mammoth liner of the Ham burg-Amerika line, the Imperator. The vessel, which is a sister ship of the Europa (now building), is 900 feet long, 70,000 tons displace ment, and will have a horse-power of greater than anything afloat. The gigantic vessel is expected to attain a speed of 22 knots. The Cunard Co., not to be outdone, by their Ger man rivals, are having built by John Brown, of Clydebank, the Aquatania, slightly longer and larger than the Imperator, with a hoped for lcnot-an-hour more speed. In March last Harland and Wolff laid down the keel of a 950 ft. ship for the White Star line, and when she is launched she will be the biggest thing afloat. . » - . Melbourne can now lay claim to three an nual events that have become permanent and popular institutions, each with a distinctive character and undisputed claim to popular notice. To Cup Day and Henley Regatta must now be added the Empire Day celebra tions of the Eastern Suburbs. The latter has certainly come to stay, just as Henley Regatta has- come to be accepted as a great public event, its original private creation entirely lost sight of in the greater popular appeal. In the same manner Sydney's great annual event is the Easter Agricultural Show. This is above all rivalry and competition-just as the Mel bourne Cup has put itself beyond all rivalry. Adelaide's great annual popular magnet is the Onkaparinga races; whilst to come nearer home again, Ballarat lias its Lai Lai races, Bendigo its Easter Fair, and the large district of which Woodend is the centre finds all its roads for. one day in every year leading to Hanging Rock. It is a curious thing this, the growth and de velopment out of small and modest beginnings of certain popular events or institutions, spe cial to a certain place or town, and whereof no one can say exactly the why and wherefore, .and why a rival, or imitation, with all pos sible beating of big drums shall prove-abortive. As winter approaches many amateur photo graphers pack away their cameras till the following spring, and photography, their cher ished summer liob'by, is for the nonce dis missed from their minds. There are, as a mat ter of if act, many branches of the hobby which make fascinating subjects for winter even ings. Quite a number of suggestions in this direction. are made in the May issue of Har ringtons' Photographic Journal. The making of lantern slides receives special attention, and gaslight printing is also dealt with. A _ speci men copy of the journal will be forwarded, on application to Harringtons Ltd., Melbourne or SjTdney. The subscription is 4/6 per annum.  The Week Is it not time that we faced the position squarely and told some of our canny politicians to drop this nonsense about the war being against the wish of "the great German people"? The great German people is solidly and en thusiastically behind the Kaiser and his mili tary advisers. Every witness who comes to us from Europe brings fresh evidence of it. Whether a German disaster will shake that faith and support is another question. Now, it is there. It is the great German people with whom we are at war, the people whose women and children and old men are doing the work of the fields and the cities In order to support the able-bodied warriors. We are embroiled with a nation of fighting-men. The people is the army and the army is the people. Courtesy should not be allowed to blind us to facts. • » . * One hundred thousand pounds is to be sent to Belgium by the Federal Labor Government. The gift comes well .from a Government which holds democratic principles dear to its heart. Belgium has done the world an incalculable service, for whether Germany wins or loses on the general issue of this war, the little Fries land State, whose origin lay in the hardy free landers of times past, has secured a permanent place in civilisation. Not all the gold in the Empire can repair the loss of the great souls who fell for modern freedom at Liege; but gold can rehabilitate a State which shall be ever worthy to stand between nLght and right. Motley, in a memorable line, said of the Neth erlands that commerce plucked up half-drown ed Holland by the locks and poured gold into her lap. Britain can do as much for Belgium, and Australia is to help first with a money gift and later .with trade patronage. Seekers after permanent peace are busy in Melbourne. They have formed an alliance out of the Trades Hall Council, the Socialist Party, the Hairdressers' and Wig-makers' Union, and some others. They are resolved that the pres ent war shall :be the last, just as much as the diplomats of Europe resolved that it should never happen at all. Perhaps it will be the last racial war between the great national divi sions of civilised Europe; but there are the Chinese to consider, in Asia, the negroes to be reckoned with-in America; and after that the world-wide antagonisms which must be crushed between class and class" before the millennium dawns. It's^a long way to Tipper ary, as the soldiers sing in the trenches, but poor, valiant old humanity will reach its blessed haven some day, and no doubt the cpurse will be shortened a trifle by all such humble but good-intentioned efforts as these peace-lovers among the Trades Hall Council lors, Wig-makers and Socialists put forth. . Smith, an English wireless operator on a Mexican steamer, when ordered to send offers of coal to the German cruiser Leipzic, immedi ately wrecked the instruments. What hap pened to Smith the cable does hot tell. The brief tale of his heroism , cuts out even his in itials. Perhaps the cabler thought it didn't matter; there are so many million British Smiths in the world, and most of them would have done it if they had been given the chance. Good old Smith! One doesn't envy him his trials alone in the hands of an exasperated Mexican skipper and crew, but the big British D he uttered when he declared he wouldn't help hi? country's enemy must have been an entirely satisfactory mouthful to him at the time. • • • Governments hesitate over the issue of paper money, but if the credit of the Common wealth is not good amongst the people of the Commonwealth it is a pretty blue lookout for it elsewhere. To let our industry be para lysed when we can help each other to keep it going is a palsied form of madness which Australians should not tolerate. Ordinary or conservative banking methods will not serve us in this time of crisis, but, if we are cour ageous and prompt to act, we can And, in the midst of misfortune, a means of giving a fillip to Australian industry that will work to our lasting prosperity. We have before us the example of France, where state banks and paper currency, backed by a stout-hearted and loyal nation of workers, redeemed the country from bankruptcy and raised it to a high place in the finance of the world. Our State Gov ernments in Australia have much pressing and important work to be done, and the suggestion that the Commonwealth should finance them by the issue of extra notes may be the best way out of the money difficulty in which the war has placed us all. • # • Randwick racecourse costumes revealed the fact that Sydney women are wearing bustles. They are hidden away when possible in soft folds of silk and taffetas, but they are being worn. "Tlu-y liifl nif away in ii cupboard, thoy flung me aside in scorn," The battered old bustle blubbered; "I "wish Id never been born. They took me from my place of pride. And left me with my shame to hide, In dusty darkness to abide Till I came to my own at Rand wick; once more I am being worn." Sing welcome home to the bustle that lias been away so long; The skirts that flow and rustle keep tune with this glad song. Though cunningly it's stowed away, Tt still is being worn to-day. And probably nas come to stay. Whut-ho! the crush in the tram-car of a bustling bustled throng. We've looked at a Grecian garment on a saucy Sydney girl. And maybe there was no harm meant, but she set our hearts a-whlrl. Young knuts and greybeards turned to stare, And noted what she chose to wear— They noted, too, what wasn't there Oh. it's down on the Sydney beaches you must go to look for a pearl. Now, the thinking job before her will be hard enough to hurt. For the Sydney summer's coming with a most amassing spurt. How very difficult 'twill be Kven a mere male man may see; But trust the Sydney maiden, she Will harmonise the bustle with the brief pellucid skirt. This is the song of the bustle that is built of the finest steel; The milliners have to hustle—freak fashion sets her heel Upon each gracious curve and line, And, though simplicity's design Pleads hard against its fate condign, The loud triumphant bustle takes heed of no appeal • • • Australian wool-growers are filled with de light at the successful sales of wool in London, giving promise of a good yield from the colon ial clip, which has been stored beyond- its due date for fear that there would be a drop in prices or a failure in the demand. As a fact, war has caused a new demand for wool, which was being pushed out of the market by shoddy cotton stuffs in the time of peace. For sol diers in the field, good woollen garments are necessary to enable them to stand the rigor?, of a winter campaign. And so in many lines of manufacture the cloying prosperity of peace was causing a degeneracy in trade which the fierce efficiency of war will eclipse. "Northerner" -writes:—Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain which promises and never comes, it is curious to note that when the Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off -before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats itself we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean Anti-cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl-fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early mon soon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a v ^ can do with it. * » * Politicians are worried about ti - • this country's export trade as a « , of the war. The decline is due in a r0 demand on cargo boats to take awa. ;roop&lt; and therefore it is temporary. vh&lt;x there are a dozen odd German jn rusting in Australian ports for a jr . ,1 ;l on these that Andrew Fisher has hi- v.Iihi he talks of running a Commonweal 0{ oversea steamers. The only good U,i , -...ss^s do new is to furnish Admiralty eon; vye-v with fat fees for out-of-date and en argu ments as to the disposal of cargo ami ;orth. All this extravagant talky-talky cuuln ,ijs. pensed with if the Federal Governm just commandeered the vessels and coinm ioncl them for the export trade which .so urgently needs them. Melbourne City Councillors talk of rounding off the Swanston and Flinders-street comer by buying out Young and Jackson's and pushing the pavement back over the building line. Consider ing how many millions of citizens have "round ed off" the day at that historic corner, and how many millions more will continue to do so if the Germans don't annoy us and consecrate the spot to a statue of the Kaiser, the City fathers had better take heed how they lay sac rilegious hands on it. A less sentimental rea son against this proposed piece of iconoclasin is that when the new railway depot is es tablished on the east side of Swanston-street, it will be St. Paul's corner that will get a good deal of the crowding, and it might be better and safer to make the expansion of the foot path on this side. The funny old toothprick fence which surrounds the Cathedral is an eye sore at the entrance to the city and, if it were removed, the public could use the Cathedra! ground as an extra footway and, by so doing, pass at least within the shadow of sanctity. * • • Increasing old-age pensions, extending public works, running a Commonwealth line of steam ers, and insisting on a uniform railway gauge throughout the continent are some items in the Fisher Government's show-window speech at the opening of Parliament. No doubt they will do all this and more if the money for the pur pose can be borrowed from abroad, but it is safe to bet that lots of water will pass under the bridge before Great Britain will be induced to lend cash for these schemes. After all, they only represent what the Ministry would like to do if they have the chance. What they will have to do is to invent some means of defray ing the debt caused by the war, work for the expansion of industries, and provide some means for the rehabilitation of any exports which have been stopped through the exigen cies of the war. In the bombardment of Antwerp the works of the Minerva cars have been wrecked. This factory was one of the most complete and up to-date in Europe, whilst the car that bears this name is recognised as being the finest and most successful sleeve-valve of engine made. All the leading automobile factories of Belgium have now been practically destroy ed. In France little has been hear' as to whether the various large motor factor/es have been wrecked. • • • It has been left for a Frenchman, M. nfjues Dalcroze, to discover that the best brain exer cise is rhythmic dancing. It is the has i of all education, greatly increasing the child rind's receptivity for knowledge. Why not a only the system all round? When Mr. Fisher is ; .riving to enunciate a big bold policy, a Scoot hh reel in front of the Speaker's chair will he the natural preliminary to "his oration. Th- • aucus dancing its brains into working order ■ ruld be a glorious spectacle. Before perform in.- a deli cate operation, a great surgeon should dance a tango with the nicest nurse in the ward. Per haps it would be carrying it too far • -1 push it into the pulpit, but some of the ev jc.gelists have come fairly close to dancing a jig curing their passionate appeals. It would greatly heighten the public appreciation of journalism if the two great editors of Melbourne, cogita ting on articles to stir the communiiy. tripped it lightly along St. Kilda road on their way to ColLns-street, and in order to prepare the minds of their readers for the powerful mes sage, the first leader of the day should com mence with the words, "Hey-tiddly-umpty* umpty-um." * # * No other of all the weekly illustrated journals associated with morning newspapers in tne Commonwealth capitals has given to a hunger ing public anything like the number and variety of war pictures served out by the Sydney 'Mail."' The progress of that increasing" popular publication has been notable of la* years, and now it appears that , 0u;' on special machin . r^uipun-:: 10 turn out the best 7 ;in>tr:iti"' - from a rotary press at a " is bringing its reward. Very evi - -'L is the tact of what an elaborate and , ostein ' f photo collection and in 1 s't have been in vogue. Right from Cdimiujrof hostilities the "Mali" has been - .im-in'-i picture-? of such a topical charac r, ,! convincing in interest as to leave no Ihat tile "A! all." no less than the high "v'sts of Kaiseiuom, had prepared for "the f,v" Sow pictures from distributing centres i„'j pinion are beginning to filter through to Au'traba to tell their own tales ef gory scenes, gut so far it has been one scoop after another (or the "Mail." ^ ^ U'estralia, with an adult population of 1;«.,-mi. has by tome miracle got 213,671 names m die electoral roll. Here is a crushing an nvtr far those crusted conservatives who used t"llS.iy thai if .van gave votes'to all the people ^■'wouldn't value them. This advanced jj.p has si re" every adult citizen a vote and thrown in an owra 23,000 votes for luck, so ila. any democrat who has a belief that he can 1 jervc his century by voting early and often can &lt;13 himself full justice. The West is pro gressive. k has dragged itself well ahead of the one-adult-onc-vote .habit. Members of the Chamber of Commerce have complained that a check on their telephone traffic shows them to have been over-charged bv the department to the extent of from 15 to 25 per cent. The discrepancy is too great to be explained away by the theory of an im perfect check in the merchants' offices, and, unless Mr. Spence is filled with the same de sires as a former P.M.G., who was overjoyed at the prospect of "tickling up Collins-street," lie should cause strict inquiry to be made. An amusing incident occurred in a big Melbourne office a little while ago. The employes were obliged to make constant use of the 'phone, both for the office and for themselves, and a supply of colored discs was placed near the instrument. An office call was marked by put ting a white disc in a box and a private call by putting a red disc in another box. An at tendant collected the coppers for the private calls. When the bill came in and the disc checks were counted the office record of calls was far greater than the number charged. It turned out that many of the staff used to put la three discs when they made a call, because they reckoned they would certainly forget to do so next time. That office gave up check ing and paid without a murmur. • • • The crew of. the steamer Canberra struck because they did not approve of the cook, but when the owners gave ear to their protests the Cooks' Union stepped in and said that the Canberra cook was quite good enough. And hciween the disputing unions the steamer was held tip punt her time in port, and the court was invoked to solve the knotty problem as to whether the cook ought to be kept. What a wonderful nation is this that can keep ocean liners from their course while grave magis trates decide on the skill of the ship's cook. Central Am rican republics have nothing more Pantomimic in their daily revolutions. * * * If you oh hi a flake of paint off the law a queer Snoot thing it sometimes becomes. Fifty-five no-".i were wandering round Melbourne the other hoy, liable to arrest on a charge o ship descnlon, but they could not be app bended v. ; hnut warrants, and the warr could not issued without half-crown stamps. The polii:i. offices not being in the habi issuing warrants by the bushel, had _not sui - cient stin ■ .. *. The shipping company s iawy«i, no less a i --son than the Arbiter of Eiegance Mr. W. >; Oroker, didn't have any particular preference o the matter of arresting the men —he wauH-i the lot. Had any other lav^® been ham,; mi? the affair, goodness knows now iong the t. --le would have persisted, but mi. Croker's vie would coax a stamp out oi ine most inaccessible desk in Melbourne, ana, after an hour's scouting under his directio , tue police cfncers secured enough stamp carry the through. How would the London Police have fared with their arrests of thous ands of German reservists and agents it y had had to van round looking for stamps. • ■ • • Irrigation farmers are reaping a Tich kar vest in this year of drought. The money fv making by leasing their lucerne patches a is rates for th« saivation of starving stock wu enable them to increase their cultivation ana improve their standing even in the ardi J Fears of general fair rainfall and lower_pnces. Lucerne growing, which has,.been consistently advised by .\]r. Ehvood Mead, need not be eon . "f ,to th,;' present irrigation districts. . ^ e Welder .plant will grow anywhere thai er can t,e obtained, and on. many of tn open paddocks around Melbourne, "when1 die land-boomer has been checked in his little gambols by the hard times, lucerne could be produced with proiit with the aid or the abun dant water supply from die Van Yeua. • • • The pld dodge of one thief of a pair taking all the .blame in order to set his "cobber" free failed in a Melbourne Court the other day. In Sydney quite recently it was tried success fully and had an absurd sequel. A woman was caught red-handed, according to witnesses, in an act of theft. Another woman of totally dif ferent appearance swore that it was she who had done the stealing. The prosecution's wit nesses swore positively to the identity of the accused. The jury, however, accepted the story of the witness and acquitted the accused. "Now," said the smiling solicitor for the de fence, "I'd like to know what the Crown is going to do about this witness?" Prosecuting counsel had to admit promptly that the Crown could do nothing; its witnesses could not turn round and swear to the second woman us the thief; so that there was no evidence. Another legal obstacle lay in the path of a perjury charge, and so the woman who was accused by the police and the woman who was accused by herself each went her way rejoicing. No examination as to which was really the guilty party is needed to show that the law was very prettily fooled. An extra small sum of money has been placed on the estimates for snagging the River Yarra above Dights Falls. It would not cost a great deal to put In a small lock at the falls so that row-boats and launches could have the full run of the stream whose upper reaches are lovely for summer boating. The work will be appreciated 'by the workless at this period, and the lock would be a boon to river-men, who would willingly pay a toll for the lock service and thus defray the whole cost of the under taking. Melbourne needs to be freed from the imputation that it has no sights for visitors except the Zoo, the Waxworks, the Botanical Gardens, and the Springthorpe monument in the Kew Cemetery. The Yarra is a scenic asset that mignt spread the fame of the city far and wide among holiday-makers, and induce them to stay a few weeks after the Cup is run. * * ♦ That was a good suggestion of the Poultry and Kennel Club to send some thousands of frozen birds for use in London's war hospi tals. In the appeal there is a full explanation of how the birds will be treated and despatched, but they also asked for eggs, and did not make any reference to the manner of their handling. The fact recalls an incident in a Melbourne suburb. Little Tommy was collecting eggs from out-of-the-way nests in a big rambling garden. They carried no certificate of birth. Tommy took them all to a tub of water and explained to the watching visitor: "If dey sink, ve gif 'em to farver; if dey f'oat ve send 'em to ve Germans." In a list of the most unprofitable lines in Victoria appears the railway running to the Cemetery at Fawkner. This, of course, is a trip which every citizen would avoid if pos sible, although he can be guaranteed a special carriage and .have his fare paid toy his rela tives. Evidently, the State has not yet learned how to make profits as an undertaker, and one reason is that the cemetery line is reserved practically for funerals, when it might .well he utilised for increased settlement of the quick as well as of the dead along the route. There are thousands of open acres in this district which could be used for suburban residences if the Commissioners would only give a good railway service. • • • "Athos:—The papers are full of the starving stock in the country, and we hear tales of lambs being given away gratis and sheep sold for ninepence a head. "There is no export, no feed, and no market," says the producer. "But," says the man in the street, "I can't buy a sheep for ninepence, and nobody offers me even half 'a lamb for nothing. By the grace of the war, or the drought, or somebody else's grace, I am allowed to purchase chops for about a farthing less a pound or even less than I did six months ago, when sheep weren't 'dying in thousands' and lambs cast away on the roadside. T.he farmer says he can't sell or give away his sheep, but my own butcher and every other one raises his hands and says 'Mutton still dear.' Either the man who breeds the sheep, or the man who sells them as mutton, or the newspapers, must be colossal liars, or there is a leakage between mutton producer and mutton buyer that bad ly wants stopping." # • • Country members in Victoria are anxious to have the Melbourne tramways placed under the control of the Railway Department. No doubt they have an eye to the profits being used for the development of new railways, but they should get these on their merits without this adventitious aid. The Btreets in which the tramways run belong to the city and suburban councils, and the country shires have no legiti mate claim to tramway profits. The shires are having a magnificent service rendered to them in another dirction by the Country Roads Board, but some of them object that the roads are being made "too good" and designed to gratify motorists. In America every farmer is a motorist; with good roads provided for them, the farmers of this country will find more en joyment in motoring than the town people, who have not any particular interest in traversing long country roads, whereas the man on the soil will find in the flying wheel a salvation from the isolation which is the chief disadvantage of life on the land. 