 ANOTHER WARNING The cyclone season is making its approach, and another tropi- cal disturbance is announced as having formed to the north, and now travelling south. Year after year these convulsions of nature have manifested themselves, on many occasions with disastrous effect, and unfortunately at times have come upon the community without any warning. So serious is this subject that when the Commonwealth Meteorologist (Mr. Hunt) visited Cairns some months ago, a deputation from the Chamber of Commerce, con- sisting of prominent commercial and shipping men, waited upon him to urge the establishment of a meteorological station in North Queensland, so that storm warn- ings would be received with grea- ter expedition, and the commun- ity at large given reasonable no- tice of the approach of tropical disturbances. It will be remem- bered that Mr. Hunt, at that in terview, dealt with the subject from many points of view, but was not apparently seized with the grim importance of the fact that through these cyclones more men had been drowned between Thursday Island and Townsville to the square mile than along any other portion of the vast coastline of Australia. His re- marks in general left the deputa- tion little to be grateful for, and he blankly refused to establish a meteorological station at Cairns or any other port in the Far North. Since then more than one ship-master, trading to Nor- thern waters, has taken this mat- ter up strongly, and the Towns- ville and Cairns Chambers of Commerce are still actively agit- ating for some better means of storm warnings. In a letter to the Press, Captain Irvine, who went through the memorable cy- clone off Cairns in January last, said : 'The Australian ship mas- ters are no more anxious to meet hurricanes than the meteorolog- ist, and they would like to keep from them as far away as he does but unfortunately they cannot, and that is just exactly why the Cairns Chamber of Commerce as- ked him for a station in the cy- clone belt. They did not ask him to transfer the station from Brisbane, as he informed the Press they had done. They ask- ed on behalf of the seamen, the travelling public, the North Queensland people, and Austral- ians at large, that a competent meteorologist be sent to the cyclone belt to study these hur- ricanes. When discussing the matter with the Cairns Chamber of Commerce, Mr. Hunt said that if a meteorological station were established at Cairns, and tele- graphic communication were cut off, the place would be ineffective He also mentioned that wireless would play an important part in storm warnings in future. Out of Mr. Hunt's own words there aris- es one solution of the difficulty. Granted that telegraphic lines are down in a hopeless tangle all over the country, and communi- cation with the North shut off, why not establish a northern meteorological station with a wireless equipment ? Thursday Island has a wireless station, so has Cooktown. Let the same be established by the Federal Gov- ernment at Townsville and Cairns and there will be ample warning given of the approach of storms. Regarding the present disturb- ance which has manifested itself over the Gulf of Carpentaria the Meteorological Department has with promptitude, forwarded ur- gent warnings to Northern cen- tres, but Mr. Hunt and his officers have only to thank the telegraph service for that. Once the lines are down, the Meteorological De- partment in Brisbane and Mel- bourne will be impotent to promptly advise Northern resid- ents of the approach of danger. The situation demands a North ern meteorological station, fully equipped and in charge of an ex- pert. In the words of Captain Irvine, 'There is hardly a family in North Queensland that has not even its share to the death roll of the cyclone at sea or on land. If blood is the price of the met- eorological station, then we have bought it fairly.' In conclusion, setting aside for the moment the question of communication by land lines, or by wireless, the re- marks of that renowned meteoro- logical adviser, Mr. Clement Wragge, are worth noting : 'I guarantee that if I were resident either at Cairns, Townsville, Bowen, Mackay, or Rockhampton during the hurricane season, with my own private instruments not a storm should slip through my fingers without most ample warning being given. I am very decidedly of opinion that in ex- isting circumstances, a special weather bureau should be estab- lished in North Queensland, say at Cairns or Townsville, entirely independent of Commonwealth control, and the sooner it is done the better. Surely Queensland will listen to my voice!' .  Northern Seteorologica! Federal ebrewiimnt to be Agile In response .to e;-equest from the Cairns Chabnber ol Commerce, the Mayor .(Aid. Pi MtKeniie) convened ' a public ' meeting /»t ' the Counrll Cbambera'bn'WVdnfeday afternoon to discuss tha question 6t the establish ment: of a 'Meteorolb rickl Station in . Nor^ Queensland fl ho Mayor pta- , sided, and )£ere ware also present : Messrs. J. ^Jison/^je. S. Mann. ?. J. CatUle, S, tt'.'WBjiier, T. H. Donald ? son. W.-H.'j.;Mayers,' B«ev. J* Kirice, . DrTytie/f^l^.-^Craig. An apo logy forobsapoe wafe received from Mr. A. J.- Dr^jJer. ;^iio was attending the Northern ^i^a* Workers Board. The Mayor ia opening the meeting said : We -are ,'|ierf eclly satisfied that it is necessary rin'the interests of Ufa and limb, and '?th»;ijrotection Ol gen eral property t,that tipre should be a meteorologlcii action -.establishaa in North. Aue^idutfU TJ& sparse , at tendance thjtB/M^gfpbntmight Mac-* . Counted loi5 -b(J;. th» jiacj, th-tMr. Cl*. went Wrag^-i^Tenowned meteOto. logfist. to Sri^om^ovpty«ne looks for general Utorinitiou, will not be here until rome'ifeie to april. I under stand he te^ttojng. hira to lecture' on the aatter/i^^ffe that' we may possibly cin. fchother - public' meeting and be able to' decide' best where ' ' is tlie aoBtauita^le j4i-.ee for a meteo. rolpelcal ^tatfbn. We are really In thehaad, ot£xperlB, ana when Mr. Wragge la.hMBe. wetrfli form'* better idea of the wl^ole ifiing. I would now * ask tAa Wjr^sflehtitjvts of the Cham, lvr cf Coiibnerce^to move the resqlu t:ons thej- iw.vedodded u^on. ;Pr. tCyrieyBii ^3 *he motion is r«t r*aw*~-'f«is*jitemcnt that them was a baroirrjiPJi'in-Cairns. Where is it?- : ?' ???'??;y? ??'?-? :?? the itejtror : At thi PrBt Omce. The fie&eiaryipi the Chftinber ot '???,??? »**i * ' Commerce then read a letter, received recently fanfe the' Towns«ille'; Met eorological . Bureau, jwbich ' stated that thti question .of , the' establish. meat of ,a Kcrlli.iiuiitfte' 'r * y- ' tion had been engaging Uis- attent- ion of the Towosviiie Chamber of Commerce, U.'a Khipping community, ~an«l others i-ikotoe time, -is the cj^loni Ecjson was edvanced, f and the Commonwealth Government tad written stating they.co-jld iot es tablish a meteorological ? Etatiotf .- in North Queensland, it TCasrcoast(Jered necessary to ta'ire prompt independ ent action. A public . meeting failed by the Mayor on January 22nd Jj-ad been very largely attendeo, and it was unanimously resolved to estab lish a meteorological- bureau at TownsviUe. A committed liad * been formed, and Mr. Wragge had been in vited to come to North ' Queensland and take, charge. The trustees of the . icmgma iuna bad dccidedr.to -'offer £100 towards the project-. A .tele firam had been sent to the Pos^mas. tcr General and Prime Minister .ask. inb tLat weather telegrams be .sent to the bureau free of charge. It was estimated that the cost of. the Bur eau would not exceed. £400 'auring thepreeent fcyclone eeaeon. i^tji cq- . «peratioh of Cairns was invited; ' , A second letter jrom the same source . under, date January 2$ th sta ted a cable had been sent to Mr.. Wragge offerina; him £2o'wj*±Jv t-~ come and take chargie' during the cy clone seaEOn anaa replyjiad been received from him stating it was im possible 1 oic him to do so thji season, but mentionea that he wbiinl be lee turing in North Queensland in April when tfce niattqr, could be - placed on a sound basis. Tie letter- from Townsville further mentioned , that although a g5od start had been mado ^t was. hoped to further the object desired' by the fullest co-operatioa be tweea Cairns and TownsviUe. Dr. lyrie iyOn looting round the room I see the banking and commer cial interests represented here, Uo. fore a motion is moved I think it Should be known how much support those interests are going to ^ eivs to the Brolect. Mr, J. Alison : Wia matter has been altered somewhat owing ? to Mr. Wragge finding himself unable to accept the oler made by tie TownstrUle people. I would suggest th*t Weget in touch wth our Fed eral members '.of Parliament and ask them *ourge the Federal Govern. ?*nent W appoint Air. Wragge met eorologist in the North during *h0 53*Jone season. Mr. .Hqnt.jthe Com monwealth Meteorologist, - came to ? Cairns aad we interviewed him, but Jhowfint south and seemed to carry more rWeightjhan we did, with the K»Jt that theF-ederai Govirnment acting on his advice, can^lerea i- ' Fan 'unnecessary to have - meteoro logical station established in North Queeasland. We thipk differently. Wo should approach ' tho Federal G«v croment through otu; members and try and infuse a little enthusiasm in to the Powers that 'Be, and*see' if ' we cannot «sire the appointment of Mr. Wra^ge. next year. Mr. Donaldson Ll don't think it is much use'ih approaching the 'Federal Government Wiar '? as Mr. . Wragge Is concerned, but I d«T think we shoul J 'have a.meteoropgicai station in NbrtH -lneens'teaf. You lwUl ' have noticed in the press that the Post master has received advice that when conditions are suspicious' tele granJB are to Ee exchanged 1h-{wcob stations that lie along the cjast from Seaffill to ThEreday T^md. The mere fact of exchanging tele grams between tfiese . stations is n» «s2 to the residents of Cairas. We ' ?do.not pose as 'weather experts nt.d would not know what to mate or tte' telegrams when we received tliem. '-'' Dr. Nisbet has informed mo that £340 hat been promised tow.ir,^ - . proposed meteoroltfeical' station; but unfortunately, owing' to the fact' that Mr. Wragge cann«t come,' ? no thing can be done till next year. Pr. Tyrie: Surely if Mr. Wra^g« * ? - ' . ?'? ' .. ' i catuaot come someone else can take the {iqsiticn. Mr. Donaldson ; I think we -should go bold-headed for the Federal Gov erniucat, ? ? ' Dr. Tyrie : Go fcald-hcaded your eeU and do something. - t ;BIr.. Donaldson : We should~ agitate for a wireless station straight array. There is too possibility- of a meteoro losrciU station being- established hefia straight away. .What is t6e ..use of having sucn a . station \t Cairns has no wireless, and .cannot get into coaun-nKation with other ' places. You Injw that telegraph' lines are frequently ? down. in thawet season, alEO in the dry season, m wh.n Ihsre bk bush &TcS.v' All the' meteorologic al stations in the 'world will be of no use to you unless the. lines ' are working. I would like to see a huge petition from all the ' residents of Cairns asking for a 'irirelesr station her*. A station' with a radius of '200 ror 300 miles would be* sufficient. Dr. . Tyrie ;. I agree with .Mr.'' Alison and Mr. Donaldson so far as the wireless station is concerned,- ' i»ut when itcom.es to the meteorological fetaUon it 5s another matter Jt Yqi -take the interests represented by Mr, . Alison. an4Mr. Donaldson. You all insure against fire and other things, but why don't you insure against cy, clonic damages? Why -not plank -town the dollars*? It is purely a'cap italistic thing from end to end. . if tne cost -were split up 'amongst you it would be a very small thing-. I do not see why yon should not instit ?ilnu wireless amongst yourserreB. ? Toe Mayor : r agree with Mr, ,A1 ls«-ii tbatthe matter has cbaajsd through the fact' that Mr. Wragge cannot accept the position offered to ?fciin.-. X thimc the best thing is to move a resolution -. that ' this meeting ?whilst in accord with everything that bjd been said to connection with the establishment of a meteorological sta. tion, ?remains in abeyance until Mr. Wragge has visited North Queens land. I will move to that effect my. ?df. Mr. Alison : I . think we should write to our Federal members an*, see what can be done.. We can mea tion Mr. Wragge, but if the Gov ernment liave another man, good and well. We want a meteorological sta tion in the North, and this public meeting should take the opportunity of passing a resolution to bring the matter. before-the Government. ' 1 dp not see why the .Northern, people Should Sit dnwn and'dn nnHiitur aha Mayor. This meeting was Cal led for the purpose of encouraging a meteorological station intheNort:i which Mia be commenced, I .amder;' «««nu. fcy -pri\-ate ?. enterprise. . -Sup- X*3]!* yoapffer the position to Mr. .^*?&Ba *r «ny other man. If he |ias any reputation to loose he is- not Sotog to come up her for six months pod then lose his position for the r«. tnainder of tie year. Mr. Donaldson : Mr. Wrogge-WautH to Come here tor tour months. The Mayor : Perhaps he does and peihaps he does not. if you offer him a five months engagement he might take it. My opinion is that It is better to leave the matter ..in abey ance for the tune being, or else, as' Mf- . Alison tas suggested, writ* and ask the Federal Government to tatethe matter np. Mr. Alison: Mr. Wtagge. promised to come -np for Jour months of tke jew, during the.eydone season. The Mayor: There Is no' proposal to engage him for five years. I think it tar better to adjourn the meeting tOl we hear Mr. Wragge epeai on the subject, . Mr. Donaldson : I am In favor Of writing to the authorities. One rea son Mr. Hunt adduced against the establishment of B 'meteorological station in the North was the pop. illation basis. MIe said the popula*. ion did not warrant such a station, and it wojld be establishing a'pre cedent. To my mind that argument has failed because since then I hear that a Wireless Sfation has been es tablished at a-place called Macquario ?T«]aa«l. I do not s.-e where the poii . - - - — ^3 ? - ulation -comes m there. I think ' we should quote that in our letter. The subject is one which should interest «lf: parts of Australia, because South epa people have many interests in v ?. the North. I move that we write to the Federal Government and ask that a mcteorolobical station, te estab ' lished' in the Nortb, also that vo consider Mr. Hunt's argument about ? tha population basis is void. : The Mayor *. I am wi linj to drop . my' resolution. , ' Mr. Donaldson : I have followed this matter very' closel-\ and I ego e Jiir we should 'have a station in ? Nortb Queensland.' . Mr. Alison seconded th» motion moved by Mr. Donaldson. Dr. Tyrie': I will move an amend ment that action be 'delayed until a ^canvas has been, made among tfc« lfjtHfog business people, and it ' is aacertainea what financial support they will' accord the project. . The Mayor : We 'are going to fb- Government, and we expect them to Pay far the dot.,.- . ' ' -Er. Tyrie: A lot of people Conia here ana do nothing but -yap, yap, yap- *~' -. -. * 'Tlie. Mayor .:.? You do the same. , . -/©r.. ^Tyrfe : You ?_. are as good as anybody at yapping-. I will with draw my amendment. ? ._? The motion movfid by Mr. Donald Son was then put and carried. On the motion -sfDr. Tyrie, secon ded by Mr. Cariila, it was decided to support the action of the Cairns Chamber of Commerce in their . Agi tation for '«, wireless station at Cairpa. .V ' . ??_ ?  A METEOROLOGICAL STAT11H. The demand for a property equipped meteorological station in the North, which has been pressed more urgently by Cairns than by any other place, has now been actively taken up by lownsville. As the largest town concerned in this question, and as a place, which has proved .peculiarly liable to cyclonic visi tations, Towns ville does well to interest itself in -the matter. ' At the present time of the year and under present weather condi tions, every ^orth Queensland centre is alive to the importance of the subject. - Full details of the big meeting at Townsville are not yet to hand, but the facts and conclusions which Captain Sunter and the other .speakers must have placed before their hearers are -already familiar to the majority ^f Cairns resi dents. A scheme was outlined by which, at an estimated cost of under £4Q0, a station could be established for the liurricane season this year, and#as time was urgent, it was decided to approach the coastal towns by ?wire. It was recognised that the, station must be established at Cairns or Townsville, and it was decided to form a commit tee to approach . the shipping firms and, others interested. This committee met after the general meeting and decided to send Mr. Clement 'Wragge a cable at Auck land, offering him the .posftion for the Jiurricane season this, year. The Cairns Chamber of . i Commerce, which has from . first- ' to last done good work in con nection with this movement, has very naturally lost no- time in reviving the topic; and the re port of its deliberations thereon will be studied with interest. The value of an allied campaign was clearly recognised, and it was decided to request = the May or at once to 'convene a public meeting at which representative .Cairnsites could voice yet once more the' urgency bf- th'e case. Cairns lias led this Northern agitation in the past, - and does not intend to lag behind at what may very probably prove a cruc ial moment.: The important fac or pf 'wifeless Was also consid- . ered, and with reason, for it is ere that the' niost likely solu tion of the whole difficulty- lies. This is not the time for labor- ' ing the reasons, which actuate . ., he Chamber and the. people of Cairns, as . also of Toivnsville. and the. North 'generally. It is a tale that is told, /to .which - nothing 'can be. added beyond reiteration. The South;J»a^;fieard the story, and. has'. Ho 'denial to give. . Evasion and 'excuse are .all that have 'ever been offered to put off the Northern claim. . Such a -policy can be suffered 'no- longer. Buring the latter half of the year just closed, the -fine weather season, there was more serious and frequent delay in communi cation with the South than was ever before -known. It was prov ed that even under, apparently favorable conditions, no depend ence whatever was to be placed on Southern advices. No wonder that when the 'hurricane- season ? approaches, the North rousts it- - self in the determination -that something must 'be' done, and , that _ rigfit. quickly. . The present cDPorti'U'ty .must not be. let slip. Seldom ? has such unanimity been cfispiayeC. lownsvifie is com municating wi th the other coast al to-.vns. 'and not in Cairns cnlv- but in many other centres will meetings be held. Should the ordin^rv authorities still re fuse to assist, the suggestion of til'iiflg 'independent action for o'rs.l-es must be carried out.  METEOROLOGICAL STATIONS. (To the Editor 'Post' and 'Herald.') Sir, — A- paragraph appeared in a Melbourne paper of the 17th Sep tember, which stated that Senator Maughan had requested in the Sen - ate that 'a more efficient system of weather warning stations should be established in the cyclonic areas along' the Queensland coast.' Ic this, connection, I would ask what ha£ happened to the most complete chains of oWssrviiig sta tions that - I personally established Ultra, and equipped with the best instalments that London can pro duce when I was in charge of the Qi&ensland meteorological service ? [ read further that Hr. Hunt 'has completed arrangements that will make Brisbane an up-to-date meteor ological station, equipped witn in- . etruments specially made to. suit the northern climate.' Surely there is such a thing as justice in Austra lia, and in that sacred cause pray allow me to speak. Has the test of my life's work gone for nothing 1 For 16 vears I was head of the Queensland Meteorological Depart ment. and during that time I estab lished, as the Hon. Bobert Philp Fully admitted, 'a meteorological and weather warning system . second ' to none in the world.' The Brisbane station was first-class ia every res pect when I had charge, and in ig? . noring this a cruel wrong has been done to me. Is all my work in Queensland, faithfully done to the* last item, to be thus negatived, and not a word of credit accorded 1 Storms were warned and forecasts issued by me that we're verified' to 95 per cent, in accuracy, and not 'only was this done for Queensland, but for every part of Australasia, a* the people will remember. And all this on an annual vote, of £1500, as ' against £22,000, I be lieve, now expended by the Federal Weather Bureau. Great goodness what do they -fo with the money 1 The Koombana went down, and so did the Yongala without, it ap pears, a word of warning. The Commonwealth Meteorologist, a few., days ego performed 'grotesque ex periments in Jfelbourne. showing how the latter steamer foundered. Mr. Hunt talks of - instruments specially suited to the northern cli mate. This is mere moonshine. Standard instruments such as I em ployed and personally fixed in posi tion orer the whole cf Queensland, including Cape York Peninsula and the far west, are available all the world over, -and the sooner the Minister in charge realises this, and asks a few questions; the better it will be for a long-Buffering public and shipping. Let justice be .done, though the heavens fall ! I guarantee that if I were resident either at Cairns, Townsville, Bowen, Xlackay. 0r Rockhampton during the hurricane season, with .my own private instruments, not a storm should slip through my fingers with out most ample warning being given. In conclusion, I am very decidedly of opinion that, in exist ing circumstances, a special weather bureau should be established in North Queensland, say at 1 Cairns, or Townsville, entirely independent of Commonwealth control, and the sooner it is done the better- Snrsltr Queensland will listen . to my voice ! —Yours, etc., CLEMENT L. WRAGG-E, F.R.G.S.j_F-R. Met. Soc.. etc. Late Government Meteorologist of Queensland.  Cairns Chamber of Commerce, Monthly Meeting ~ - A Northern Meteorological Station. Some Interesting Correspondence. Health Matters in Innisfail District, Tbe Monthly meeting of the Cairns Chamber of Commerce was held on Friday afternoon. Mr. T. H- Eonald son presided, and there were also present Messrs. B. Sturt, H. Wilson, It. T. McManus. A. -J:- Draper, J. Smithers, and the secretary (Mr. £h S. Mann). Tbe following matters were dealt with in .the L.ward correspondence : — . From the Einaaleigh Shire Coun cil, enclosing a letter sent to ' the Postal ' Inspector, asking for an al teration in the mail service to and from Cairns. The present service/ it was pointed out, was unsatisfac tory, as all stations west of Alma Pen got practically only one mail a wfo'i each way. It was decided to refer the letter to the executive for reply. The Chillagoe Hail way Traffic Man ager wired : 'Re charge, Dimbulah, we have made no charge for re-bo ol.- ing at Dimbulah* - I understand the . charge is made .by some agent there. We only, propose to charge for 'extra handling.' The following further wire was also received : -'If the business people doing business with Mount Mulligan open ledger accounts at Dimbulah for the Mount Mulligan railway freights, there need be fio agency charges. We will simply re book in the usual way. From tha secretary, Townsville Chamber of Commerce, enclosing a letter from Dr. Niscet on the subject of a meteorological bureau for North Queensland. The letter le-d as follows : 'Melbourne, April 21. The secretary, Townsville .Chamber of Commerce, — Vovr letter of ths 9th.' instant on this subject reachcd me on m.v' arrival in Melbourne on Fri . «'a.v, April 17th, and as my stay wa6 li' ely to be short, I ' d:d not d -lay in getting to writ 2 on the mat ter. ' I saw the Under Secretary for Home A flairs at 4 p.m., and discuss ed it with him. . The Minister (Mr, (Kelly) had left for Sydney that 'cftpm on, and was not returning un til Monday. The Under Secretary could offer no opioion beyond that the Department hed done all that wa£ possible, and he suggested that It. would be well to interview Mr. Hunt, in order to come to some ar rangement. - Although Mr. Hunt s \iews were well known, I did not thins it wise to object to this sug gestion, and tVe aip ointment was mado for 10.30 the following Satur day morning. I found Mr. Hunt still obstinately oppesed to any modification of the existing arrange \ ments of weather bureaus. He main tained that everything possible was done, and the Brisbane office had full instructions to issue inde» fendent weather warnings as fre quently as was thought necessary, in times of urgency, and that was all that . was required. No argument 1 «ould use .would obtain any further conciliatory* proposal from Mr Hunt, and after an interview lasting close upon two hours, I stated my inten tion to bring the matter directly un Ider the notice o! the Min'dter for Affairs. With regard to employing Mr. Clement Wragge to issue inde pendent weather forecasts during the cyclone season, Mr. Hunt stated he wonld welcome such action on the part of the northern residents a-, cal culated to show how unnecessary * cuch a station was, and how wo would get no more practical infor mation or warnings than we were getting at present. This, I think, is seriously open to doubt. On Mon day, 20th. I was able to arrange an interview with the Honorary Minis ter (Mr. Kelly) who has charge of the Department of Home A&airs, for 3.15 p.m., In order to surpo.t tha case, I asked Senator Givcns and tha Hon. F. Bamford to accompany me, which they willingly, did. Mr. Hunt was present at the request of the Department. Senator Givend intro duced the deputation, and took the opportunity to 'point- out the- difiira bility of a wireless station beirg es tablished at Cairns and Mac'_ay, to ^ convey . information in cass of the land lines failing. This was really foreign to the subject-, but the Minis ter accepted . it as a meejos of com bating the argument re failure to telegraphic communication. I ad vancer! every rca:on . possible why the Northern weather station was necessary, but aftier an interview lasting three-quarters of an hour, cpuld only obtain a promise from the Minister. that the matter would receive serious .consideration, aid the establishment of . wireless stations at Cairns and Mackay would be strong lv recommended to facilitate the transmission -or ? observations and the issuing of forecasts along the Queensland coast. I was asked by Mr. Hunt to point out that his de partment had fully the interests of North Queensland in mind, and to gi ;e the present s^ stem a trial to sea how far his office was meeting the necessities of the case. There is no doubt that the department is being entirely guided by Mr. Hunt ill this controversy, and I see no hope of any further concessions beirg made in *fy.t direction. Until this agitation began there is no doubt the Federal Meteorological Bureau existed chiefly for the southern traveller and pas toralist, and North Queensland was almost overlooked. This campaign has improved matters somewhat, and some points have been gained which wore at first refused, which shows that continued 'agitation may gam further advantages. I would sug gest that if Mr. Clement Wragge is in the neighbourhood , he might be in vited to meet th=. Chamber of Com meree'or others interested, and dis cuss' the matter from a technical point of view, for it is with scien tific points now that we are opposed by Mr. Hunt, who uses arguments which obviously cannot te contradic ted bv the casual' observer. A sug gestion has been made to me that a consensus of opinion of the cap tains and PUots trading with the Queensland coast would be val uable as to the -v durability of exhibiting storm warnings at all important stations and lighthouses, in case of dangerous weather condi tions .threatening. I would be ob liged. if you would send a copy of this letter to the Cairns Chamber of Commerce, as' I would li.-e them -to know that my efforts fcaTe not been directed to forwarding the in terests of Townsville alone, but the whole No-th Queensland coast— ?Yours faithfully, .W. B. NISBET. The President said tbati 3'. Car ter, manager for Dalgety and Co., would move at the conference of Local Authorities to te held in Perth this month the following resolution : 'That the Chambers of Commerce and Northern public being most con cerned in the cstablichment of a meteorological bureau in North Queensland, with a. view, to Safe- ' guarding the public and shipping at sea as well as in port during -tEe Cy» c onic, season of the year by furnish ing timely warnings (cyclones in the north of Queensland being of annual occurrence) the matter be urged upon the Minister for Home Affairs as ol vital importance, and reciting the earliest attention, so that effect may te gi.en thereto in December In an ticipation of the season 1915.' Mr. McManus moved that a letter of than' s be sent to Dr. Nesbit and the Townsville Chamter of Com merce. and that Mr. Carter be asVed to represent the Cairns Chamber of Commerce at the general conference to be held at Perth. The motion was carried. Regarding .the formation of com mittees to deal with various matters affecting the Chamber, between the meetings, it was decided ? to ask the executive to furnish a report at the; n°xt meeting. Mr. Sturt said he had recently visl t d the J ohnstone River district. There was a disease going about there called Sprue. His id a was to write to the Tropical Institute at Towns eille, and ask If this was re ceiving proper attention. He assured than that thtf number of people who had died from this disease, and the number who had suffered from it, would paralyse his hearers.. In a letter to the ]-ress some time ago. Dr. Tyrie had nsVed if those in charge of the Institute of Tropical Diseases had ever given any advice ? o tbe public or doctors on various matters, and - thrre was no answer. It would tie interesting to 1 now what the Institute were doing in this matter. He moved 'That the sec retary write to the Institute of Tropical Diseases at Towqprille, and also the Towns rille Chamber of Com merce, regarding the possible spread of Sprue in the North, ' it being- re* ported that it was somewhat com mon in the Innisfail district,' also suggesting that circulars be sent to various bodies dealing with- this caus2, treatment, and cure of this disease.' Mr. Sturt added. that he had been asked by some of the In n'sfail residents to bring this matter before the Cairns Chamber .of Com-; merce, and felt he should do so. Mr. A. J. Dr.rper seconded the motion, which xras carried. In response to a letter from 1he Korth. American Manufacturers' Ex port Association, it was decided that the Chamber become an honor ary member of that As~ocia?ioij. This condudcd the business.  COUNTRY DISTRICTS BABINDA NOTES. (For the 'Post' and 'Herald.') _ If Clement Wragge was a resident of this area at the. present time, and was asked to -expresse an opinion on the weather, no doubt the verdict would be very, peculiar, owing - to tropical disturbances. The mornings are hazy arid foggy, and then when old Sol takes sway, the heat is al- ' most unbearable — -hot, humid, stifling heat, with scarcely a breath of na ture's pure, fresh air — thbse condi tions last until about mid-day, and, then comes another change. Far away to the north the dark and threatening- clouds begin to gather, and, the continual rumbling of thun der and vivid flashes of lightning pre dict that we are in for a good old thunderstorm, but so far, as the nig ger would say, it's only gammon. Certainly we haye had a few smart showdrs, and on the nth we had a young cyclone; but it was that light and of such short duration that it is scarcely worth recording. However, there is no occasion for any person to predict a drought for this area, for no doubt it is only a matter of time when, tbe usual bountiful downpour will come in earnest, and our present con ditions clearly loreteu tne coming ot heavy rain. There is and always has been a peculiarity that exists in those sugar areas, and that is the number of strong and apparently healthy-looking men who will make your acquaintance quick and lively. Their trouble is al ways a shortage of cash, and they have no hesitation in asking for a bit of yours, just enough to tide them over their difficulties, and once more allow them to enjoy the good old pot of beer. This privilege, I am sorry to say, is hall-marked, and held exclu sively by the Britisher, for on no oc casion have I known the foreigner or colored gentleman to take on this bailing-up game. All sugar areas can boast of this unmanly piece of busi ness, and Babinda is no exception to the role. Mooliba way the same old condi tions are still in existence, and the battle against weeds and pests is a heartbreaking ordeal, and means for the producer a lot ot worry, hard toil and an early grave. On Buckland's road it is much about the same, and after an inspection I only saw one holding that could be classed as a farm, and was fairly free from weeds; bot this part is not alone in its efforts to go straight while crooked legisla tion wills it otherwise. From the South Johnstone and the Burdekin I have received letters that tell the same old tale — toil all day and worry ail night, and no prospect of any ease or pleasure in the future that has to come. It is glorious for the producer to be always staring at a sea of dif ficulties and carrying a mountainons load of anxiety and worry. Babinda mill has stopped chewing cane for this season, but some of the machinery has to be kept in motion during the dark and lonely hours of the night, for the State Hotel must have light There are some who are not in the know, but would anxiously like to know, if this bit of expense is going to be added on to the accumulated load that the producers are carrying, or will the beer-suckers have to' bear some of the burden. I was always under the impression that we had a sort of 'fix your prices affair.' Per haps I was dreaming; but I know that I get a shock from stern reality when I go for the daily allowance of bul lock — one shilling per pound, please. Just fancjVone shilling per ponnd for scrag in civilisation. It is simply a case of fix your prices right enough. During the *week Babinda has been well supplied with amusement; and the picture hall has been kept going at high pressure. The Archer Com pany had a :crowded house, and it is really wonderful where all the spare cash comes from in this part I notice where Dr. Rcowles is go ing to make a bid for the Shire Coun cil- It is to be hoped when lie wins the position he will invent some usefal method for extracting the load of sorrow that the shire employees are carrying in their boots. For the few .months ahead there are bound to be washaways and holes on the various roads that will require to be promptly repaired It is really marvellous the number of men who come lookiusr for work and then won't take it on si the work happens to l-e close to a hash-house. You might get some to put in a week or two; Inn if it means erecting your own camp, it generally ends in % case of nothing doing. The old-timer, who loved to be tree and independent, and enjoy the liberty of his own camp, has vanished and became a dream of the past. The members of the School of Arts held a meeting on Friday, the nth. In sugar areas institutions of this sort generally have a -difficulty in being successful, as the sugar workers are mostly unsettled for a part cf the year, that is, during the slack season. An other tiring, as. a rule they don't in dulge in good clean reading matter — a Buffalo BUI or some German in spired -rag satisfies their wants. How ever, the Babinda subesribers are to be congratulated on- their present po sition. The number of subscribers is only 42, which speaks for itself in a thickly populated part, and where so many are enjoying constant employ ment. At tbe present time there is a credit balance of £34/14/-, with the Government subsidy to be added, and the library has been enlarged by the addition of a fair number of new works. Among the names on the committee I noticed Osborne^ Carter, Johnstone and others. Where the name of Os borne appears, subscribers can rest as sured that they will get a square deal Mr. McLean is secretary for the in s citation. The Babinda farmers also held their meeting on the 13th (lucky number). Naturally, it is the same old state of affairs — some are contented, and with others you can add the 'dis ' It hap pened when Sam Griffith held - the reins, and was giving us a dose bf what he called 'Democracy.' Billy littlt introduced an ' affair that he called the Central Mill system. On paper it looked all right, and the skite of members assured us that it would raise the poor and honest landowner to a state of affluence and prosperity. Experience has taught us to cry false hopes, and also to add, 'never put your faith in a jawbone breaker. Our local . auctioneer held a stock sale on Saturday. The Babinda dis trict is a picnic ground for stock at the present time. There is grass in abundance, and instead of it being a blessing it is quite the reverse. There are many who bathe with impunity in Babinda Creek. The old hands generally make use of the shal low water, as they do not care about risking a battle royal with the nimble, saurian. I noticed a nice specimen the other day that an abo. had cap tured in the creek. Perhaps this may have the desired effect of making the numerous youngsters look before they leap, and it is the duty of the parents to caution them from bathing in the »deep holes. The Red Cross workers of Babinda have been a credit to the district in the past and by their efforts a fair amount of cash has been gathered for the heros who are at the front As i have not seen a . report appear in the 'Post' for some time, it is to be hoped that the Society will still for ward their usual report for the bene fit of the general public.  8R HUNT CR-i!l!SE9. Since the reply of Mr- Hunt to the deputation from the Cairns Chamber of Commerce, which waited upon him to ask that a .meteorological station be estab lished here in order to expedite storm warnings, the Common wealth Meteorologist has been subjected to a good deal of criticism. The latter has not come irom people with only _ a very cursory and superficial knowledge of the subject, but from experts who are in author ity to speak, and -whose utter ' ances command attention and ,'_ respect. A few days ago the 'Post' published a letter from Mr. Clement Wragge, the re nowned meteorologist, and in the course of his remarks the latter said : 'The Koombana went down, and so did the Yongala without, it appears, a word of Warning. The Commonwealth Meteorologist a few days ago performed grotesque* experiments in Melbourne, showing how the latter steamer foundered. Mr. Hunt talks of instruments speci ally suited to the northern clim ate. This is mere moonshine. Standard instruments such as I employed and personally feed in position over the whole of Queensland, including Cape York Peninsula and the Far West, are available all the world over,' and the sooner the Minister in charge realises this, and asks a few questions, the better it will be for a long-suffering public and shipping. Let justice he done, though the heavens fall ! I guarantee that if I were resident either at Cairns, Townsville, Bowen, Mac'iay, or Rockhampton during the hurricane season, with my own private 'instruments, not a storm should slip through my fingers without most 'ample warning being given. In con clusion, I am very decidedly of opinion that, in existing circum stances, a special weather bureau should be established in North Queensland, say at Cairns or Townsville, entirely independent of Commonwealth control, and the sooner it is done the better. Surely Queensland will listen to my voice \' What has Mr. Hunt to say to the forceful, emphatic and convincing utterances of Mr. Wragge, who knows what he is talking about, because his' know ledge of meteorology is unchal lenged ? Surely Mr. Hunt's re marks about telegrams between Cairns and Brisbane and Cairns and Townsville occupying the same time in transmission pale into insignificance when placed beside the telling arguments of Mr. Wragge. During the course of his reply to the. Cairns Cham ber of Commerce, Mr. Hunt over and over again displayed* the fact that he could not get the idea out of his head that because a few thousand people were liv ing within the cyclone belt they were not entitled to as much at tention as, if not greater than many thousands outside that belt. Let it be granted that Newcastle has violent storms at different periods of the year, also allow the statement that Geelong has unwelcome disturb ances of Nature, that does not cnlintarirf n«* mifirra^n 1(10 Aan + li ia;uiihjii^-- \jl tiii«-*p;^i.c 111- iive*i.ii dealing cyclonic infernos to which North Queensland is subjected in the first few' months of the year. The grim fact was mentioned to Mr. Hunt that between Towns ville and Thursday Island more people had been drowned -to the square mile than in any other part of Australia, and the Com monwealth Meteorologist did not deny it, but he was adamant to the request of the Chamber for a meteorological station in North Queensland. The criticisms of Mr. Hunt's reply have led to more than one question being asked in the House of Represen tatives by Queensland members who know what a northern cy clone is, and the PostmasterGen eral has promised to call for a fall and exhaustive report on the subject. Mr. Hunt made sever al allegations against the ship ping companies, one being that masters were hauled over the coals if they did not run their vessels to time, and another that although he had arranged for the transmission of wireless weather messages free his offer had met with no response. Both these allegations have been de nied by the shipping companies, and in this connection it is in teresting to note the remarks of Captain Irvine, of the Inna raincka, who went through this year, off Cairns, what his pass engers described as 'the vortex of a hell let loose.' The re marks referred to were contain ed in a letter which was printed in the 'Post' on Monday. Cap tain Irvine, after referring to, and giving instances of the un reliability of weather .forecasts issued in the South, went on to say : 'It is hardly worth while remarking on the statement made by the Commonwealth Meteorologist to the Cairns deputation, that ship masters were forced to sea by the ship owners, to encounter hurricanes or any weather. But there are a great many persons who do not read the forecasts ; and they might think that there is some truth in the statement. The Australian ship masters have lost too much by hurricanes to wish their ships to meet them ; it means at least a very heavy repair bill, perhaps a total loss. and ship owners like their money ' just as much as other people. ; The Australian ship masters are : no more anxious to meet hurri canes than the meteorologist, and they would like to keep as far away from them as he does ; but unfortunately they cannot, and that is just exactly why the Cairns Chamber of Commerce asked him for a station in the cyclone belt. They did not ask him to transfer the station from Brisbane, as he informed, the Press they had done. They ask ed on behalf of the seamen, the travelling public, the North Queensland people, and Austral ians at large, that a competent meteorologist be sent to the cyclone belt to study these hur ricanes. Was it too much to ask for, seeing that there is hard ly a family in North Queensland that has not given its share to the death roll of the cyclone at sea and on land ? We have lost some of our best men, our best friends, and our r-p«t 'shine in them. If blood is the price of the station, we have bought it fairly.' In the face of such evi dence, can the Commonwealth Government turn a deaf ear and exhibit indifference to the dang ers which beset North Queens land in the cyclonic belt ? l The urgency of the situation demands prompt action, and it is hoped it will be taken.  TOWNSVELLE DETERMINED. '. A meeting of the committee ap^ pointed, at the recent meeting called ?to consider a proposal to engage Mr. ? C. I.. Wregge to conduct e . weather Bureau in- Noxtii Queensland during the citAonic season was held at tha oftce of the secretary on' , ? Tuesday afternoon, says the 'Bulletin.' It was resolved that owing to.lhe. ne- gotiations with Mr. Wr-nrge having fallen through, a letter be addressed to the Government asking if theWea (her Department would find a resid ent officer for Towns srille, and supply ;the necessary data to him during ibc s present cyclonic season, and in such Case, would they not see their Way. ...to ray all expenses. what, amount would thejr require to be paid by the focal committee. 