 MEN I What They Are Doing and Saying . I Current Comment and the Weeks Gossip | from Club land Driver J. Farrell. Pte. C. F. Lockwood. . The tornado which did so much damage at Brighton last Saturday achieved the importance of a visita tion. It wrought as much havoc as the average Zeppelin raid and scarcely lasted as long. Probably its effect was more terrifying than an air raid, because with a few Zeppe lins dotted about- the sky there is some tangible cause for disaster. . Saturday's tornado (we are told it is incorrect to ' call it a cyclone), came like a bolt from the blue, and found the seaside suburbs unprepar ed. No wonder some residents ' jumped to the conclusion that the end of the world had come. There is nothing makes man' feel so impo tent as elemental fury. * * * i 'The trouble appears to have been caused by a clash' between rival at mospheric disturbances. If the In clement Wragge were still with us he would probably have called these disturbances names (as the residents of Brighton have no doubt been do ing). We can conceive him christ ening the disturbances Hughes and Mannix, and building up quite a pretty little allegory out of it. Mr. Hunt is contenting himself with col lecting data regarding the phenom enal One of the' series of questions he put to residents of Brighton was, 'What was the behaviour of your barometer?' We can imagine some wag answering — ' Shocking.' ♦ * * The reassembling of the State Par liament on Tuesday was mainly in teresting owing . to the changes brought about since the last gather ing of that august body. The pass ing of Peacock is, of course, ancient history, but there was a certain amount of interest, in seeing the new. Premier, Mr. Bowser, make his first bow to the House from his recently acquired eniinence. Sir Alex, occu pied a new and less prominent place in tlie House as leader of the corner party. The fact that he has been, '?''put in the corner' does not appear N to have caused him any loss, of sleep, and his laugh (the same which brought joy to the soul of Harry Lauder) is as boisterous as of yore. Age cannot wither nor custom stale his infinite hilarity. t. * + * The session is not likely to hasten . a revolution. , It will be .short and ? (to the new Ministry) sweet, and will mainly concern itself with passing, the estimates and , electing' a chair; man of. committees. The last men tioned business caused more , lively interest, than usual, as there were rival candidates in the field. The new Premier's policy speech, in which various economies were out lined, received a mixed reception. Nothing makes a Government so un popular as economy, but to-day, when the wise State (and equally the wise individual) will save every pennv to meet the exigencies of the . unknown future, Victoria is. lucky in having a man like Mr. Bowser at the helm. * * * A certain Western District squat ter, who gave up woolgrowing to embark on a business enterprise in a neighbouring town, interested him self in local civic matters, and duly became possessed of the mayoral chain and bunny skins, much to the i amusement of a five-year-old son, who regarded his father's new honour as a joke. Soon after the new mayor's election, a fellow townsman rang him up to offer con- . gratulation. Is that - the mayor he queried. 'No,' came back a childish pipe, ' but it is one of the foals.' * # * Cavaliere Eles, our Italian consul, has just advanced to the dignity of the first class of his order by a special decree issued by Baron Sonino, Minister for Foreign Affairs - in Consul Eles' native land. * * » The statements published in ' The Age ' , regarding , the wholesale rejection of mem bers of the A.I.F. in England leave an unpleasant feeling that something is very wrong somewhere. It is stated that A.T.F. headquarters in England is sending back' men who are apparently fitter than the volunteers who are now being accepted in Australia. How long this remarkable state of affairs has existed is not clear, but if the statements made in 'The Age' are correct,' quite a large number of men who ?passed exhaustive medical tests in Australia have enjoyed something in the nature of a world tour, with some weeks in England, and have, been sent back without ever getting within sound of the guns. Of course, it is certain that . some men would find the English climate try ing, but it, seems incredible that any very large number having passed the medical examination here, would be. rendered unfit by the mere change of climate. * * * Having had personal experience of the medical examination in Aus tralia, we feel confident that a very 'small percentage of unfits leak' through, and we . shall await with : considerable interest the full enquiry which . is promised regarding the wholesale .rejections at the other end. We have known one or two cases of 'returned empties' who have appeared to benefit rather than' otherwise from' the sea trip and the taste of camp life. No doubt , there is a very good reason why their ser vices were - not in demand at the other end, but if that kind of thing is going on on ,a large scale, it is high time that steps were taken to clear the matter up. * * * . The discussion at the Prahran Council meeting , regarding the pay ment of £500 a year to the adminis trator of the Prahran Voluntary Workers' Association, revealed a rather surprising state of affairs. Mr. George Leeder, who started as honorary organiser, is now being paid £500 a year for his work. Is there any good reason why Mr. Leeder should receive such^ a hand some reward for 'his patriotic ef forts? It is good to know from the Mayor's statement that the associa tion. is doing such excellent work for returned soldiers, and that the^ re- ? turned men are actually receiving full union wages, while Mr., Leeder is receiving £500 a year. We sug gest that the motto of this associa tion of voluntary workers might well be altered to ' Fight, W ork, and Pay Mr. Leeder.' * * * The fact that Mr. Leeder's hand some remuneration is subscribed voluntarily doesn't appear to; make ' Cpl. Patterson and Dvr. Connor. Bomb. Edwards and Gunner Cabalzar. very much difference. .All. the rest, of the association's funds are, no doubt, subscribed voluntarily, and possibly, if Mr. Leeder wasn't get ting £500 a year, it would be pos sible to pay even more returned .sol diers full union wages. That is the way it appeals to. us, but the Prah ran Council, in . its wisdom, sees things differently. Possibly they are. more impressed with the .valuable nature of Mr., 'Leeder's services than we are.. Of course, if Mr. Leeder is himself a battle-scarred warrior, with special qualifications for help ing lame Anzacs. over stiles, there may be good reason for paying him this very comfortable salary. . But until that proves to be the cas'e we must ' confess a desire to kick, some-' one— not necessarily Mr. Leeder. ' * * *?' ? ? The Unwritten Law represents elementary justice, and nine out of ' miiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiniiim.iiiuiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiliiliiiiiiuuiliiiliHllllllllillHIHIlin ' ten people are in sympathy with it. Nevertheless, there is a danger that' ? it may be given too wide an appli cation as a direct result of the war. A press cable from London the other day told .of the case of a young sol dier, aged 22, who, on his return from the front, received a confession from his wife that she had miscon ducted herself in his abscnce. The soldier drew his revolver arid shot his girl-wife dead as she lay in bed. A more brutal and cold-blooded act it is hard to imagine, and yet we are told that the judge bound the solcUer over in the sum of £o to come up for judgment when called upon, remark ing that the sentence was 'conso- nant with reasoned public opinion.'. * * * If that is the judge's summing up of 'reasoned public opinion,' it cer tainly is not ours. The path of a girl-wife left alone while her soldier husband is in the trenches is beset , with temptations, and if every hus band who is thus deceived is to be allowed to become judge and execu tioner in the same breath, it is hard to say where things will end. If the soldier husband had kept his bullet for the cur who seduced'the wife of a man who was fighting his country's battles, reasoned public opinion would have been with him, Jmt in the case .quoted it is. impossible to feel anything but repulsion for a man who. could deem his honour satisfied by the brutal murder of a defenceless ' woman. Also such a precedent, furnishes an easy way out , for the husband who has tired of wedded bliss. He has only to shoot his wife, declare that she had con-, fessed misconduct, and invoke the aid of the unwritten law. This sort of thing is encouraging wholesale wiferiiiurder. . ' * * ♦ 1 Mr. and Mrs.' H. V, _ Beggs, of 'Nareeb Nrireeb ' . Station,1 Glen thompson, have received official no tice that their eldest .son, Norman,^ died in a . military hospital in Eng- ? land on January 25. The cause is not : stated. Deep sympathy is felt for. his parents, who consented to their son enlisting last year on , reaching his eighteenth .birthday, when he left the Geelo'ng Grammar School to join the Artillery Forces in Maribyrnong. * * * . ; Ernest Denis Hoben, who wrote the word 'finis' t6' a life- of 'strenuous i i journalism, in Melbourne^ last Sun day, was better known in- Sydney and, New Zealand than in this . city. He1 came into journalistic prominence many/years ago on the ' Evening , Post,' Wellington, when he engineer ed the finest newspaper scoop ' ever brought off in the Dominion, which was finally the subject, of a Royal Commission; the object vof which was to discover .who let the' cat out of the bag. Hob'eii kept a silent tongue, and the 'Post' backed him up, and the secret was never reveal ed. Later, Hoben, who drove a virile pen, crossed over to Sydney, where he , was associated with the 'Herald' and ' Maihy' / On the . death of his first wife, he returned to New Zea land as editor of 'The Times,' Wel lington, and later ran a provincial paper' of his own. He came to Mel bourne' -a- few monlhs ago to talcc a position with, 'The Herald.' , . ' *? * * ; Hoben, who was a red-headed / Irishman, with all the lovable quali ties of his race, possessed a striking personality, and was a. delightful after-dinner- speaker. He had an abounding fund of energy, and was a keen sport. In New Zealand lie was 'largely responsible for founding the N.Z. Rugby Union, and* while in Sydney he -ook a prominent part in pushing the game of golf, his notes in the ?' Mail ' being widely quoted. ? Latterly, in New Zealand, he took a ? ? prominent part in war-work in Christchurch, and raised a large sum of money for patrio'ic funds by his ' own personal efforts. Although a man with many family ties, he volun teered for active service at the be ginning of the Avar, but was reje'e'ed. His death ('which occurred on his 54th birthday) will .'be regretted by many, warm admirers on both side's of the Tasman. * * * ' Mr. ^Sidney de Logtie, who in pri vate life is Mr. Loch, evidently be lieves in. variety. Having followed up his' war volume, 'The. Straits Im pregnable,' with a novel, 'Pelican Pool.' He -threatens to shine in a third literary ^ line by producing' a olay; in fact it is said to be already here and that the unveiling ceremony will take place in the not-far-dis-ant future under the capable direction of Gregan McMabon; * * '♦ ? Sir John Forrest is- .back at the Grand Hotel '.where he is progress ing slowly towards convalescence, but the trying weather conditions are not good for an invalid. How ever, Sir John has a cheery disposi tion. which is not easily damped, and when his soecial lot of good spirits runs out his devo'ed spouse is al ways ready to make good the defi ciency. * * * Mr. Gtiido Barrachi, who lately threw himself into the socialist cause, when his maiden efforts, to assist the ouse made no small 'stir at the 'Varsity, became a Benedict on ? January. 17, the Rev. Mr. Sinclaire performing the ceremony which made bim one' with Miss Katrina Tnez Tobin, .daughter oL Mrs. Tobih, of Flinders-street. The bride was ap pearing in the 'Aladdin' chorus for a time. The newly-wed Barrachis will settle in a fiat at 'Cliyeden,' Albert street, East Melbourne. ?' * * .* * ?'Mr. ?' Barrachi, formerly Govern ment. Meteorologist, is a well-known ficnire in the social world. So.n Guido , inherited a .fine income: from his late - mother; 'daughter ''' ok: -a, Mr. Petty, whose fortune was made out of meat. ? That: much-discussed play, 'The ?Easiest Way,' is drawing six women to every irian to the Thefitre Royal, so its success is assured. In Sydney the other day someone attempted to stage, a play called 'The New Sin,' which hadn't a woman in the cast. It was one of the smartest and best acted productions seen in Australia for years, but it died a natural death for want of audiences. The only moral in 'The Easiest Way' is that it doesn't pay to lie. Starting on the rather silly premise that luxury and limousines are waiting round the corner for every girl who takes the wrong turning, the play shows how much easier it is to walk the broad highway of sin than the narrow path of virtue. The strength of the pl'i lies in the ending, in which the auth or resisted the temptation to intro duce wedding bells, and ieft an im pression of an impending orgy at ' Rector's.' 'The Eas'cst Way' ran for two years in New York, where Shaw'.^ 'Mrs. Warren's Profession' lasted . a fortnight. The difference .is that Shaw's- play is, a moral lesson which tells the simple truth about ? prosti tution, while 'The Easiest Way,' oven in its; most 'moral' moments, gives an impression of an orchestra in the background playing 'This is the Life.' Eugene Walters has paint ed his rather Crude picture in cham pagne tints, while Shaw's colour ing is drab in the extreme, and cham pagne is always so much pleasanter to the taste .than senna. That is why 'Mrs. Warren's Profession' was cen sored in London, where 'The Easiest Way' would no doubt be welcomed with open arms. The best acting in the present production is done by Mr., Frank ' Harvey, Miss Maggie Moore, and ? Miss Norma Mitchell. ' Zim.' Barry Lupino as Clown iii the harlequinade of 'Aladdin,' at the King's Theatre. (The catch word at the top is the Children's ? way of calling, out 'That's him!') The rumours that are being cir culated ' in. Sydney regarding .the al leged payment of commission' in connection with the coal contract show- no indication of subsiding. Mr. Cann has given .them fresh impetus by his veiled charges in the N.S.W. Legislative .Assem'bly, which exoner-. ated the . Chief Secretary, Mr. Fuller, but left- the implication that other Ministers were not above suspicion. Mr. Holman indicated his intention . of taking a firm stand in the matter, and it remains to be seen whether Mr. Cann is able: to do more than merely hint at unutterable things. Whatever may |je the truth of the matter, little sympathy will be_ felt with the members of the Ministry. The trouble with charges of this na ture is that they scarcely ever get past the. innuendo stage, for the simple reason that those who bring them are not sufficiently sure of their ground. It is now up to Mr. Cann to state definitely how much or how little he knows. * * * One of the latest offers tp help, war-worn Anzacs in the trenches comes from Maior-General . Legge's eighteen-year-old son, who, having received the paternal consent to fill the depleted khakied ranks,' stepped along to the Town Hall last week to book a place with the infantry. * * * Staff-Sergeant Harry Cadden, who has' been attached to the Base Re . cords since his return from a three years' job in the trenches, has laid down his Victorian military pen and drifted to a Mother State billet. * * * ?The long-suffering British public, now in possession of first-hand in formation regarding _ the Hun me thod of dealing with enemy pri soners, is protesting against the lavish generosity meted out to Teu ton captives in Blighty. These wax fat on a superfluity of margarine and potatoes, whilst English women and children starve for lack of .those commodities. But the voice of the British public is feeble from lack of practice, and therefore not able to carry far enough to attain its object. One Fogland journal has inadver tently . placed their note of .protest against pampering enemy prisoners just above another article headed ; ' Save the Pigs.' + * # Lengthy Noel Richards, cable tramway inspector-in-chief, loves . to spend his hours of ease with a trowel or hammer in his hand. His South Yarra humpy is not only filled wUh the fruits of his creative mind, but the house itself blossomed from cot tage to villa under the expert fingers of its owner, who. with a small per centage of hired help, laid each blue stone himself in a pattern of his ow.iv design. The captious critic thinks perhaps there is a line or two out of plumb; but the remark is perhaps the outcome of professional jealousy'. Anyhow, the place is one of the most ' comfortable homes in the suburbs. Fitted out with every mo dern ' inventions, even . the heaviest , furniture is on ball-bearing castors, fnd can be moved by the most feeble. . ''The Graphic' will be glad to receive paragraphs of per sonal interest for publication in these pages. All such com munications should be address ed' to The Editor, 'The Gra phic,' 25 Tattersall's Lane. 