 ©§§'§ Forecast. Following is the forecast is sued by Mr. J. Cumming.Oatg, of Brisbane, for Victoria and South Australia. From December 8 to 15th : — Severe lightning, tropical rains, cyclonic blows, tendency to hail. Then some frost likely in the heights. Mr. Clement L. Wragge, who is now in New Zealand, states that a great disturbance area now visible in the sun must be mwi—Jkaj^eji_tQ_indicate improved sea sons in Australia, Tasmania and New Zealand. Disciples of Mr. J. H. Giddons will be pleased to learn that he forecasts an extremely wet pro gram for next year : rain, in fact, figures largely in nearly every month. February and March will be very wet, with almost in cessant rain ; April-May, show ery ; June will see stormy wea ther, with snow; July, August and September are to bring us rains and frosts, and the three remaining months ''rain, fine and warm weather.' In regard to the present year, it is only fair to credit the S.A. weather pro phet with remarkable correctness in his forecast. Although an ab normally dry program was outlined to date, the fulfilment if anythii g, erred on the side of wetness.  SAYINGS OF TO-DAY AND YESTERDAY. Circumstances alter kisses. — Caro- lyn Wells. / Many are men of probity— until you begin to probe.— J. Whitman. x The man who can't remember when he was a fool is one yet. — Strickland Gillian. About the only way a woman can n.ccp a, auutei is to Keep n going. — Nathan Levey. Woman: A being to run away from, or with— as the case may be.— Elbert Hubbard. Young men, I have to advise you to try to be, good rather than great. You'll have less competition.— T. Lawson. The. wages of sin is exposure. — Es- telle Klauder. A high old time lays many a man low. — Cole Blease. - - On the door of success is 'push/' in brass. — Upton Sinclair. - juois oi people win take everything for granted, except a hint. — Green- wood Lake. * 'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all, but it isn't so cheap. — Sam Stimson. The trouble with the average mar ried man is that he doesn't know what a jewel his wife iB till he comes to put her in a casket. — General Sickles. 'Northerner' writes f—Anent the drought, the recent heat, spell, and the, prospects of the. jain, which promises I ' ??? ? .. . ? ;' and never comes, it is curious to note j that when Queensland summer rains I come early they slacken off before ? Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoop struck the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats it atui. we are gomg 10 nave a summer broken up by Southern Oceaa anti cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a' placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it. 