 Current News. ESuilway -' De'iitli-tritpSt,'' The Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Dumb Animals would ap pear to have good-reason to instil its objects into the minds of certain rail way employes. Frequently a thought ful action would save the lives of hundreds of sheep, but if the experi ence of Mr G. Anderson in trucking sheep to Wyclieproof can be taken as an indication of the Railway depart ment's methods, the officials are frustrating the action of a Government which is advising farmers to increase the productiveness of the land. A truck of sheep left Meredith on Thursday, a»d were detained at many stations where trains are made up aiid trucks bumped about, They arrived in Wycheproaf on Saturday evening having. been in the trucks 48 hours on a journey of 160 miles. Nine oE. the sheep were dead, and the wonder is that any were aliyc. If such practices are continued when sheep arc- i urn- | ing Northwards railway lru'.k; will prove veritable 'death-traps :I for sheep The Wyclicproof Sdiuol (^ 1-01111(1. Whilst visiting State authorities last week, Mr J. W. Milburn inter viewed Mr G. S. McPherson, Chief Clerk of the Education department, and asked for a -Government grant to wards the cost of erecting a fence round the newly acquired school grouad extension. Acting on Mr MePherson's suggestion an application for assistance was made in writing by Mr Milburn, who was informed that a recommendation would be majlc to the Minister of Education (Vir Living stone) that £16 be granted. An iuti mation has since come to hand that £16 has been granted towards a 'Cyclone' fence. A Peri'ort ot Biec«ss. .Practically nothing has been heard of the Wycheproof t-ecreation Re serve trustees since they met two years ago regarding the Tennis club's removal to the reserve. At the Pr« gress meeting on Monday evening members desired to know if the trustees had gone into recess It; was pointed out that various improvements could be effected on the reserve, and lirt the Government may grant £ for £ asMstance. It was cansidtred that the surface of the ground ceuld how be prepared for the football season by scarifying it and spreading manure over the hard patches. It was stated that the trustees had given such scant grace to those who endeavored to form a Croquet club that the club had been unable to go beyond tha initial stages. It appeared that nothing had been done to fill the vacancy caused by Mr E. J. Windsor's resigna tion, and action seemed stagnant. It is to be hoped that the trustees will, at any rale, provide seats before next spfison sets in for patrons' of the gport. Stcad'8 IteTiciv. stead's Review makes a new de parture this-month, appearing, for the first time, in a picture cover. This illustrates an interesting article on the burning question : ' Which is lord of the sea, Submarine or Dreadnought?' It shows a submarine beneath the water firing a torpedo at the '' Iron Duke.' fhe writer contends that the war has demonstrated that the battle cruiser is mistress of the ocean, but ere long the submarine may wrest that supremacy from her. Mr Stead's ' Catechisms of the War ' have proved so popular that, artcr skipping a few months, he again gives much information in connection' with the war in this way, answering no fewer than sixty questions about the number of battleships added to the navies of the combatants, about the way in which America is' helping the Allies with munitions of war, about the pay of soldiers, about Persia, Cyprus, Eqypt, and many other things. A notable feature of recent numbers has been Frank H. Simffliid's review of the month's campaign ; a further in stalment is given in the number before us. Wcws in Brief. ' Fair Play,' Kaneira, omits to sign bis name to a letter sent for publica tion, hence its non-appearance, During the week two. volunteers en rolled at the Wycheproof shire office — Ralph Stapleton, who has been in this district for about 12 months, and D.' O'Brien, a stranger t« Wycheproof. They both left for Melbourne during the week. The Shire of Wycheproof has accep ted tenders for work as follows: — Forming 47^ chains south of Wychc proot railway stttion, E. Anderson at £21 ys 6dj grubbing 341 chains west cf weir, C. Frost £42 5s 6d; grubbing 95 chains near Allan's, C Frost £17. At the Wycheproof Progress Asso ciation meeting on Moaday evening. Mr N. McDonald pointed out the expense incurred in cleaning out tho. Avoca channel near Creclman's: In order to flow across Tyrrell Creek llje channel is taken nearly one mile iioi^th and south and is exposed to sand drifts. It was contended that' the AValer Commission would show a saving if the water could be taken across the creek in pipes er a £ucie. . - T - L ? — 111^^^^-— „ . ™n- mm 1 ^— ? 1 ? ???!? The Wycheproof Rifle CluW hat ap plied to M.r P. Farther, secretary of the Vietoriu Rifle Asiaciation, .to officially opvnth* new range. v A. Dramatic «M*r.r f»r ., Women, It is most refreshing to find a maga zine nowadays that is not war from cover to cover. Such a magazine is '? Everylady's Journal ' for February. Having treated its readers to a series of extremely interesting and upto date special war numbers, thia spright ly journal contents itself with a page of human incidents from the battle fielde, and then produces a big bud get of reading matter, bearing strongly on home interests — and romance. The leading feature, in ' Everylady's Journal' is the first instalment of a new. serial by one of the mnst popular of living women, writers — Mary Roberts Rinehart. Every1 practical woman will want this ' Ererylady's Journal ' for February for its well filled section devoted to fashions (with the usual free paper patterns), an illustrated article on '? How to Make Vegetables and Poultry Pay ;''* 'an- other on ' The Art of Making Money Out of Silkworms ; ' and a third ex plaining ho\r to put tha housewife's business on a sound financial footing.' Vernonali A large number of the friends of M.r Rugby Larmour, who ha* been ap pointed to the postal staff at Onyen, met and entertained him at the A.N.A. hall on Saturday evening. Musical items, etc, were rendered, Miss E. Croll accomnanvine at the Diano. after which Mr W- P. Croll made the presentation of a leather case and brushes to the guest, whom he eulogised and wished' success on be halt of those present. Soft drinks and light refreshments victc served, and the gathering broke up' atter a dance and singing ' Auld Lang Syne.' '1 lie London College book prize entitled 'Life of Bach,' won by Miss Alice .Nieholion, Berriwillock, for highest aggregate (theory te»t) a'. Bdndigo' and Wycheproof centres, in Juno 1914, ban jmt come to hand, thus making the third time iU dis tinction haa been gained by this par ticular pupil of Misn D. A. Smith, I, L CM., of Wycbcproof. Mr F. H- Tucker h;w been ap pointed dolegate of the local I.O.R. to attend the annual conference at Warinambool, commencing on 6th March. To Command h. JtroMCion; The International. Correspondence Scnoel has earned a. .yr»rld-wide repu tation for its ? methods of imparting knowledge to thousands of students by correspondence. N«t only do the examination reaults speak far them selves, but the appointments, secured by students of this college in Tarious professions and trades en*ag;e the serious consideration of parents and those who are striving for improve ment in positions. In our advertis ing columns appears a list of nearly 100 positions for which students can qualify. This school will answer the question, 'What -will we do with our' boys?' Mr C. T. White, .of Cleve land House, Caetlmnaine, is the dis trict reprstentatire, and will sapjsly full . particulars if written to. The student in the country has an equal opportunity .with his eityceusin. Public X«ti«e§. At the Sea Lake hall next Wednes day a number of Crown t«wnship allotments at Nandily and Mananga tang will be offered for gale by public auction. Particulars are adver tised. Cr W. Allan, having drawn fete at tention of the Minister of Water Sup ply ta the fact that th« Water Com mission's valuation had. been increaied and would be oppressive, has convened a meeting t« protest against the action of the Commi«i«nars. The meeting will be held- in the Narraport State School next Thursday (February 25th).' Particulars of a cheap railway ex cursion from Wyoheproof, next Tues day, are advertised in this issue. Wycliepro«f District Wo*l« Last year's woo! clip fram Trewin Bros' estate gives proof conclus ive, that even in a drought year, when sheep had to feed on thistles, that Wychepr«of is one of the best of grazing districts, and can show record results. Dennys, Lascelles Lid, at Geelong wool sales, offered 38 bales of the 'Parkvale' clip, taken frem merino ewes in lamb. The weal was sold at the following rates : — 6 bales (super) 2o#d per lb, 11 bales njjid, 7 bales' 1 7.£d, 9 balee i6d, 3 bales (bellies) 103d, 2 bales (pieces) 9-^d. These prices are easily a record for the Northern districts in a drought year — if not in ordinary seasons, and constitute a splendid advertisement for Wycheproof as a wool-growing centre Mr Wrag-ra'M Forecast Mr Clement Wragge has computed a forecast for the seasons of Australia £»r the next 15 years, based mainly on the. physical conditions of the sun with re spect ? to ? ' its- maxima and minima moods moving in circles, of zz years. During.parfof the year, we are, now entering upon, Mr Wragge says, taking Australia ai a whole, the rain - tall will fall below the average. Tkia by no means impliei that there will bo no rain. On the contrary, .good intervening rains will come, and the last part of the year will be hetter fehan the first. From the Middle «f 19 15 onwards the rainfall will marked ly increase, and fro» 15:6 te 1920 inclusive trie seasons will be distinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After 1920- the rainfall will steadily begin to fall off, and the-, worst part of. the- next year .'tinder ' average' peKo'd will be.- called a..^rc.aght.! ..In 1925 matters will fc^git 45 .;a»pr_eve, and goid scasoci will prevail £ r$ai 1925 to 19J5. Tlie Liquor Trafl^c, At the fortnightly meeting of the local I.O.R., held on Monday evening, itwatreportod that Sundaj trading in connection with certain hotels was growing, and on tho vote of the meet ing it w£» reiolved . that a deputation wait on 'S»niof-Oouftt»bl» Connelly, ?with a view o£ action Mnf tak«n. The' 'deputation was. farcrablj' re ceived and -p:ortis?d that th9 . ley? ^ould'be ' strictly ecforciij &nd, .'if nesweur^ &6SI&Q V&33 1£*&. -?'?^?'????i 1 '--?u'' '-!- *'?' - -?'- -..'.vv Ijcnt Ncason. - Lent began on Ash Wednesday this week, when the Roman Cathelic regulations for the Lenten season came into force. In the particular circumstances caused by the war and the drought, Archbishop Carr has granted certain dispensations which did not obtain in past years. They relate principally to the use of butter and milk on days on which they 3-ave heen absolutely forbidden in the past. Otherwise, the regulations are as in former years. 