 our uneasy planet. A DISTURBING PREDICTION. ' Notwithstanding tbe disturbing, prophecy which has been attributed— on what grounds we do not know— to. our old friend Mr. Clement Wragge, now of New Zealand, to the effect , that the astronomical posi- tions of the sun and planets on 17th December would be "ominous and signi ficant," and that the axis of , the,, earth might . "wobble" — which, of course, gave rise to the usual rumor that, the , uneasy earth would never whirl its way in safety out of yesterday's darkness, tiie greater part of Victoria - fa reading "The Age" with its cocoa and customary calm this morning, conscious of no universal night- mare, and the planet breathes again — and not asthmatically. Perhaps some trembling mortals, heaved aighs of. still half-troubled relief, to find on waking thia, morning fbat' they had hot been carried away, by. the tidal wave, the expectation of which bad taken such a hold of the popular imagination. But the world which has survived the dooming prophecies of Mother Shipton and several others contrives to take these pro- dictions in a fairly philosophic spirit. Of course, there are many credulous . peoplo who dwell with superstitious fear , on the contemplation of these /end-of-the- world predictions. Some few, it is said, , have squandered their substance in one last long &lt;jag, determined to die. merry j some 4aa1« annual UftliHaTR pnrlv. SO OS HOt to miss them; some read H. G. Wells and books on cyclones; some shut the windows, turned the gaB off at- the ineter, and re tired early last night; some went to cburcb la9t Sunday. Most remarked on the color of the sky, and expressed .tiie opinion, that Mr. Wragge was responsible for some dirty weather, anyhow.  MR. WRAGGE'S PREDICTION. Renewal of Cyclone Foretold. Iii Auckland on 3rd February Mr. Cle ment Wnigge, the well-known Australian meteorologist., predicted that further atmospheric disturbances would occur in the southern tropics, including the north ern portion of Ne\v Zealand. 'Atmospheric conditions,' Mr. Wragge said, ''are very perturbed within lower lati tudes than that of Auckland, rypecin'dy over all North Oaipc, the Kermadces, Tonga, Fiji. New Caledonia, Norfolk Island, and the coasts of Queensland and New South Wales. A close watch should be kept on barometer. The disastrous storms in Queensland, coupled with the floods, are sufficient indication of the general type of weather, and in various parts of the east ern 'half of Australia there may, and pro bably will, lie a renewal of such before 1st April, hence every precaution should be ! taken. As stated in January, the const of Western Australia, north from Shark Bay, may be affected by winds of the hurricane type, and the pearling fleets should be on ?the alert. I. am confirmed in the opinion that the southern edges of the tropical dis turbances will pass further south thau usual, and their penumbrae may even ex tend to the Bay of Plenty and Hawke's Bay, N.Z., under current.', from between south-cast, east.,' north-east and north, shifting westerly, blowing strong, and with a very considerable rainfall, before two months have elapsed.. These conditions are mainly due to abnormal solar in fluence.' - ' . . j  , THE DRY SEASON- " EXPERTS DIFFER. A GLEAM OF HOPE. ABUNDANT RAINS FOLLOW DROUGHT. Mr. Clement Wraggc has prophesied coven years of drought. . Mr. H. A. Hunt, Commonwealth Met urologist., is content with one year. 1'ectcrduy lie was particu larly emphatic in nointinc out tieit the season following a drought., and particu larly a severe drought, has been marked by abundant rains. In support of this view he quoted the drought of 1888, which was- followed by a very wet year. In Victoria, during 1888, -the average rainfall was 19.7 inches. In 18S9. it was 32.71 inches. The 1002 average of 18.55 inches preceded 27.45 inches in 1U03. This was just as marked in New South Wales. Mr. Hunt's explanation of this was that when the interior of Australia was very- dry the solar summer radiation became intense, causing an inflow of moist winds from tile tropics. Tlie serious condition of Victorian crops was chiefly due to the failure of the whiter rains in the last two years. Victoria relied nn winter rains for subsoil water, and the failure of the spring rains had left nothing in reserve. Vic toria, Mr. Hunt stated, had three distinct sources of rain— (1) southern storms, which also benefited South Australia and south ern Western Australia, though their pre dominance 'made Queensland and Aow South Wales suffer from lack of ram.; (2) tropical depressions, whose predomi nance, as was fine case this year, benefited Queensland and north-eastern New South Wales, to tlie detriment of southern ares"! (3) anti-cyclonic conditions, which benefited solely- the eastern littoral of Anstralia. This season the southern storms have failed.  ME. CLEMENT WKAGGE'S PLEA FOE JUSTICE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE AGE Sir,— With much surprise I read a para graph in a city paper of 17th inst. stating that Senator Maughan had re quested in the Senate that a more effi cient system of weather warning stations should be established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast. I would ask what has happened to the chain of observ- ing stations that I personally equipped with the best instruments that London can produce, when in charge of the Queensland meteorological service? And I was the more surprised on read ing that Mr Hunt has completed arrange ments that will make Brisbane an up to date meteorological station, equipped with instruments specially made to suit the northern climate. Surely there is such a thing as justice in Australia, and in that sacred cause pray allow me to speak. For sixteen years I was' head of the Queens land weather service, and during that tinie I established there (as Sir. Robert Philp, a former Premier, fully admitted) a "meteorological and .weather warning sys tem second to none in. the world." The Brisbane station was first class in every respect when I had charge. Has all my most arduous work, faithfully done to the last item, gone for nothing under the new regime? Storms were warned and forecasts issued by me that were verified to 95 per cent of accuracy, and not only was this done for Queensland, but for every part of Australasia, as people will remember, and all this on an annual vote of £1500, as against the £22,000 (I believe) now expended by the Federal Weather Bureau. Great goodness, what do they do with the money? Mr. Hunt talks of instruments specially suited for the northern climate. This is mere moon shine. . Standard instruments, such as I employed and personally fixed in position over the whole of Queensland, including Cape York Peninsula and the far west, are available all the world over, and the sooner the Minister in charge realises this and asks a few questions the better it will for a long-suffering public and ship ping. Let justice be done, though the heavens fall. — Yours. &c.. CLEMENT L WRAGGE, FRGS, F R Met Soc etc, late Government Me teorologist of Queensland. 22nd September.  OFFICIAL WARNINGS. Without commenting upon the prediction of Air. Wragge in New Zealand that there would be a renewal of cyclonic disturbances in Queensland before 1st April, the officials of the Commonwealth Meteorological Ba reau point out that no prophetic instinct ^was necessary to render such a general prediction possible-. Far years past the publications of the bureau had shown, by maps and bulletins that the 'hurricane Eea: son for the north-east coast of Queensland extends from January to April, and that the rain and storm periods for practically all parts of the Commonwealth have been ascertained as the result of many years' experience and the collection of data by thousands of observers. Forecasts in vague general terms were of little yalue to liari ners and the mercantil ccommunity. What the people of North Queensland and the traders and mariners needed were specific warnings. The bureau used every effort to supply these, together wiiii implicit in structions to whipping. Four days' notice had 'been given of the Mac-kay storm, and a warning concerning the cyclone reported in Tuesday's 'Age' Iliad been issued on Friday ln.-t. This latter warning also had been supplemented by detailed instructions on Sunday. ? 