 Lake Toolibin Notes. \ (From Our Own Correspondent. STORM. The last, few days (if November cagRed;iroany people to wonder hove rear we are to the litie in this-district. The weather was too warm to be seasonable, a;nd ; although rather early for thunder storms ' many of us ; were hot surprised when on the 29th of November a furious storm broke over the district. The wind for periods, was of cyclonic force, and the raip came down in tofrents. When daylight broke on Sunday most o£ us were afraid to have a look at our crops, as we fully expected to see them razed to the ground. Fortunately, compara tively little damage was done in this district. .' Mr. M. M. White -lost about 16 acres of a heavy crop of oats, and most of the farrrTers'got'thcit liay stocks more or lees wet, but little'damage is likely to result in consequence. By nope on Sunday the heat had agaift: becorae very oppressive, aqd the black cloud6 began to accumulate until about 3' p.m., when -a:*second storm burst, and for about three hours wind and rain kept the farmer in a very dejected mood. About 7 p.m. matters atmospheric gained their equilibrium, and since then up to the present weather conditions iiave been fairly good, although last' week .we had , several light showers. Being harvest time I have not been- able . to visit the local (Mnrnejit Wragge to get the rain records. " Nearly every dam in the district has been filled, and I suppose we had at least 2*in. in, the two storms. L" J. " HARVESTING. -Harvesting has commenced, and some very good yields are reported. In two instances eight bags to the' acre are being obtained. REPORTEDREStTMPTION. \ A report is current locally that the Government propose resuming about 40 acres of land adjacent to i.he Toolibin Siding for; grazing' purposes. Your correspondent Gannot vouch' for the absolute tru th of the report, more especially as it seems such a ridiculous I proposition. 'It must be re mem-j bered/j-hat adjoining the 'Toolibin j siding tlie .Government have re-j ser'yed a_.£housand acrfes, which 5 Will more,than. meet the require-! tpeQT.s of tbis- place for the next cr-r.turv, and why they shoujd 'want just another forty dcres is a bit of-a mystery, unless it desired for the sole purpose of financially benefiting a quiet and | consistent pettier or wirepuller! hereabouts. '' , THE'' RAILWAY. A mulga wire was received in the district on the 6th inst. that plate laying on the Yilliminning Kondinin line \fras to start on the 8th. Let us hope that it will start at, any rate , before Parliament gbes into recess. J, 