 Twinklings Easter holidays. W anner weather. Lead, £15 17/6 per ton. Silver, 2/2 15-16 per ounce. King of Greece assassinated. Federal elections fixed for May 3P Big strike of cooks in London hotels. Another notorious French bandit cap tured. Great damage done by a hurricane in Fiji. Taxicab strike in London over. Men victorious. An avalanche in Norway caused 15 f at all 11 e s. Queensland Governor outspoken on Home Rule. Three miners killed at North .Aline, Broken Hill. Terrific snowstorms in Norway. Trains snowed up. Remarkable frauds on Customs dis covered in Alclbourne. Italian Government has ordered four powerful Dreadnoughts. Tlie Alarrabel Catholic picnic will be held on Easter Alonday. Air. Wragge promises us a rough Easter with Agamemnon. Terrific storms and cyclones in Am erica. Thirteen fata lilies. Town of Provencal destroyed by a cyclone in New York State. Valuable research work accomplished by Scott Antarctic expedition. In man and Reece playing for the world's billiard championship. Bulgarians and Greeks report fur ther successes over the Turks. Tin—Spot, £208 to £208 10/; at three months, £205 to £205 10/. An early Easter has again raised the question of reform of the calendar. Address-in-reply to King's Speech agreed to in the House of Commons. Copper.—Spot, £64 7/6 to £64 12/6; at three months, £65 2/6 to £65 7/6. Friedman's serum for the cure of consumption highly spoken of in Am erica. A committee of the British Cabinet is considering reform of the House of Lords. Trouble in a military camp at Liver pool, N.S.AV., through objections to a staff officer. Suffragettes meeting in livde Park, London, on Sunday, roughly broken up by crowd. Serious disturbances at- Toledo, in Spain. Civil Guard called out to re store order. The stranded French ship General do Sonis at Victoria Bay has lost all her grain cargo. Tariff reformers indignant at tiie dropping of food duties hv the Eng lish Unionists. Another old and valued State school teacher. Air. Alex Clark, died on Si day afternoon V ice-Admiral Sir Percy Scott says the British navy was never more effi cient than at present. The German Government has dis claimed the violent campaign against France hi the press. Federal trawler obliged to put back to Port Adelaide owing to a fracture of the steampipe. Further obstruction to Naval Bill and constant scenes in the Canadian House of Commons. Bulgarian and Greek troops still quarrelling at Negrita. Bulgarians bombarded by Greeks. Centenary of the birth of Living stone, the great African explorer, cel ebrated on Wednesday. Afr. Churchill's memorandum on the navy warmly discussed in the debate on the Canadian Naval Bill. St. Patrick's Day celebration highly successful. Eloquence, enthusiasm, and enjoyment strongly in evidence. Paris police instructed to arrest peo ple copying fashion designs in shop windows for reproduction abroad. The Anglican Bishop of London claims to have wrought a miracle on a girl of 15 by anointing and prayer. The Autumn Meeting of the 8.A. Tattersall's Racing Club will be held at Morphettville on Saturday, Alarch 29. Captain Jones acquitted on the charge^ of manslaughter arising out of the Wonga Shoal lighthouse catastro phe. Canadian Government reported to be preparing for another general election, to secure approval of their naval pro posals. The Powers have rejected the terms of peace submitted by the Balkan al dies, and proposed new moderate terms. The British naval estimates for the fiscal year total £46,309,300. Five new battleships and eight light cruis ers to be built. In the opinion of the Field Marshal Lord Roberts, the Territorials would be food for shrapnel," if led against European forces. The annual retreat for ladies opens at Cabra Convent on Tuesday next. It will be conducted by one of the Dom inican Fathers. The Rer. W. H. Winter (Anglican) has written another long letter to the '1 Register " trying to prove that St. Patrick was not what be terms " a Ro man Catholic." Perhaps he thinks he was an Anglican Catholic! Exciting scene at meeting of Chris tian Socialists in Paris. Melee between Hayalist students and socialists, result ing in 50 being injured. The Duke of Sutherland lias sold a Canadian 50,000 acres in Sutherland shire, and intends to purchase large tracts in Canada in its place. In the British "War Office estimates for 1913-14 provision is made for the expenditure of £28.222,000, including £2.815,000 on the Territorials. The High Court has decided that payments of Commonwealth land tax can be deducted from the taxable in come in calculating State income tax. Prior to the St. Patrick's Day din ner at the Hotel Cecil, London, the cooks " downed dishes " and demanded holidays. Their request was granted. Bint in Paris on Sunday in connec tion with a Syndicalist-Socialist demon stration against the recently-institut ed three years' term of military ser vice. Another wreck at Port \ ictoria, the "ketch Albatross being smashed on the reef during last week's gale. The cap tain and crew were rescued by a motor boat. Speaking mi reform of the Lords, the Postmaster-General (Mr. Samuel) said the new Second Chamber would contain not a vestige of the hereditary principle. The first consignment of marble for the new Catholic church to he erected in Strathalbvn recentlv left the qtiarrv at M aeelesfiekl. Its quality is stated to ho excellent. Mr. Joseph Chamberlain has present ed to the Tariff Reform League the sum of £5,714, which was recently subscribed as a birthday gift to iiiin by his admirers. A picnic party in a drag was cross ing the railway line near Brighton. Melbou rue, on Saturday night, when a train.rushed into it. One man was cut to pieces and another seriously in jured. The others had a narrow es cape. The " Register's " first leading arti cle on Saturday last was on "Ireland and St. Patrick." It was higlilv praised by Rather O'Meehan, of Gal wyy, in his speech at the F.I.L. social. The name of Bro. M. J. McAuley. who represented St. Mary's branch. Georgetown, was omitted from the li--' of delegates to the H.A.C.B.S Annual District Meeting in last week's " Southern Cross" The President of the Board of Edu cation has announced that the Govern ment will introduce a new Education Bill into the House of Commons within a few weeks. Mr. P. J. Hincs, an ex-student of , the Christian Bros. College, completed his first year in medicine at the recent supplementary exams, for the degree of M.B. and B.S. Strike in the Southern collieries, X.S.W., over the Public Service Board's refusal to appoint a dismissed miner to the post of industrial inspector, as promised by the Minister of Labor. Mr. Walter Long's amendment to Lie Address-in-reply against proceed ing with Home Rule and Church Dis establishment in Wales while the "House of Lords is unreformed was re jected by 262 to 169. The correspondence between Mr. AVinston Churchill and the Canadian Premier concerning naval policy ha^ been published. The Opposition resent what they term Mr. Churchill's inter ference in domestic politics. A cable message state that His Hol iness the Pope has decreed a universal jubilee from Low Sunday to December 8 in commemoration of the 16th cen tenary of the Emperor Constantino granting peace to the church. A serious distant earthquake occur red on Friday evening last. From in formation supplied by Fatliei* Pigot, of Riverviev College Observatory, it is believed that the earthquake took place in the direction of the Philippine Is lands. English observers place it in vicinity of the Sunda Islands, between North Australia and the Malayan Pen insula. 