 THE DROUGHT MENACE. SOME SUGGESTIONS. Tho following letter appeared yester day in tho Brisbane press: — 'Agronomist' writes: Sir — It. ib very strnngo .thnt wo have so little informa tion from onr motoomloiristR nnd scien tists in gonoral in regard to tho reason why the vast nloud areas so frequently seen in and around Brislmno and other parts of the country-fail to precipitate thoir moisture. Country reports iudiwito thnt Btorms threaten almost overy dny in one region or another without tho sorely ror|in'red rainfall. Ifc would ho oxtromoly interesting to hnvo from some of tho authorities on weather con ditions tho ronson thorofor. Perhaps n disoussion on this most important ques tion may bring out now facts which mn-.y bo of somo uso in indicating if tho views expressed 'by some, oversea scientists' in re-intion ' to rain stimula tion have nny bnsifi in fact. If so, wo surely are in nood of tho data. A FORECAST. Air O. B. Uuniol writes: Sir, — in view of uno anxiety ovcrywliero being fell at Lh9 general uusouce oi vaiw, 1 would at-k thu lavour oi a htuo spnue in your journal lor a lew romnrlm ou the sub. jeot whioh I i-ave no doubt will appnul to your readers. 1 desiro to say, as one- conversauv with weather conditions obtaining in Queensland that, tlio future outlool: is unfavourable, so far as a goneral rain fall is concerned. Bain, will fall, during the summer months, but will prove to bo considerably under average and of a spasmodic character in isolated areas. It is not at all improbable that light rain will soon fall in local areas, nc oomnanied with terrifio blows of cyclon i« force. Thero will also occur dry thundorstroniB, accompanied with torri lic lightning and hail in somo install cos. Such is particularly applicable, so far as tho control nnd northern districts nro concerned. Anything in the nature of general rainfall will bo conspicuously nbsont in Queensland during tho ensuing year. Wonthor conditions will improve during lflSOj and will probably .become normal during tho summer of thnt period. 1 would iliko to draw nttontioiT to a fore onst which you kindly published some months ago. I am at present unable to verify tlio date, but anyono who cares to look. up your files will 8co.,.v.|that my prodiotions concerning provailing wea ther have been fulfilled. I base my conclusions on tho theory laid down by Mr. Clement L. -Wragge, who is .well known for his scientific advice on mete orological matters. ' ' , J n conclusion 1 would .like to say- that somofcliing moro -might with advantage he attempted in long-rnnge forecasts by our official weather authorities. The daily woather chart offers no solution of the problem of future,weather, be yond 2-A hours ahead. It is to b« regret ted that such is the case. Facilities at the disposal of our weather authorities, should justify something further _fooing attempted concerning future weather conditions which would he highly ap prooiated and would moan thousands of pounds in wealth to this State.' Yours, etc., 