 JNTERE8TING RENT CLAIM. cyclone damaged cottage. An interesting ease affecting) the liability of a person who occupies a house which was damaged by the cy- clono was hoard before Mr. W. G. Asliton, Acting P.M., at the Small Debts Court yesterday, when E. H. Petersen sued Wm. Bradbury for £12 12s., alleged to bo due for the rent of a cottage In Byron Street. Edward Herman Petersen stated; I am a clerk 'and own a cottage in Byron Street. ' In September,, 1917, defendant came to me. and asked me If 1 had . a house to let. I told him I would h'av.e oho In about five or six weeks' time. He said that would do, and Inquired what the rent would he. I ropliod, 14/- por week. He said that would suit, and later on got the key from mo. On January 21 st of this year, a cyclone occurred, and after it abated, on tho following Saturday (January 26) I wont to have a look at the house. Defendant was not there. On the Sunday he came to my father's .house and, said, "You have all had hard luck." I replied.' "Yes," Ho said, "But -your house- did not shape too bad; there was not a loak. at ail right through the cyclone.' He asked me when I could have re pairs made, and- I told him as soon as possible. It was very difficult , to get carpentors and laborers at that' time. I did not see defendant again for about a month, when he again called qpon me, and asked when '1 was going to -get the-houso fixed up; t told him I had approached differ ent contractors but they could not undertake tfj' do the work as they had too much to do at present. I. eventually had the place repaired at a . cost of £22. Defendant , returned to the house on February 2nd. On that day tie called me into .-the house and said, "You are. a nice sort' chap not cleaning the house out;" I told him I thought -it /was . his duty' to -do that, as he was renting -the pidc'e.:- He - said he.'was ieaving tl" house the -noxt day 'ori account' of the smell about tho place. 'i' replied that all houses had a,' sm.oll about tiipm at' that time..- .He left the house oh February 3 and dldi not reburn una- April 13. : , -Between . February 2 and April. 13 he'Trequently / went to the libiise ahdi used the stove. His fur- 'nitur.o':.wasVs'tilf'-;in' the house." Be fore. I issued a summons .for the re covery 'of ; rent, wiiich. defendant had declined- to .pay, I offered to submit the matter to arbitration, but defend ant, declined and - advised me to taki'- further 'action ; Since the ..cyclone > I have- -had other people wanting to rout the house. . v _ Cross-examiried: ' I am. not ' ; the owner of the 'land on which ' the house was situated.;;: ,- It is ; owned by the Town Council ; ; it is a reserve. 1 undcretand the Council will not- -soli it but they .lease it; "My father pleases it from\ the Council at. £2 ' per .. an num for ten yea-rs, and L -leahe: ht. from him. Mr. Bradbury- . left the house - the day after' the cyclone. Tho house was partly damaged by the storm; It was partly off the -blocks. The blocks are 2ft. 9in. out of the ground and one portion of the hoilsa waB resting on the ground and the other on the stumps. The Are recess was blown away and the stove de- posted in the yaird. It was iput hack Into position -a couple of days laier. The bathroom was washed away from the main building and an, outhouse, deposited under the bedroom window. It was possible to sleep in the house. I consider that had I not-been able to have the place repaired for twelve months the tenant should have paid me rent seeing the place was 91= to live in! I consider I would be get ting fair treatment if a landlo-rd treat ed me in the same way as I am treat ing the defendant. Bradbury did not say to me, ''The house is not fit to live in; I cannot -bring my wife here,' and I will not live in it." I did not say. "It is not fit for a woman to live in," nor did. I tell bim that my wife would not live in her.'houso. , I left my own house and have not been back to it since. I am renting it. It was re paired before defendants , house, anil I did not live in it. up to the tim6 :t was repaired. . I told Bradbury I had a good offer fpr the house, but did not say I had been offered £345 for it. Fortion of defendant's , furniture was washed away. Bradbury told me the water rose 3ft. in the house. I know that Bradbury used the stove after the cyclone because I saw him doing so through the window. Bradbury ot tered me the rent for a fortnight prior to the cyclone and from April 13, but I declined to take the' money. Robert Bradbury stated: ,1 know plaintiff's 'house in Byron Street oc cupied by the defendant. . T saw , tho cottage shortly after the cyclone, 'aud was prepared to rent it. I considered' it fit to live in. . - Cross-examined: I have not been in tire-house since" the cyclone, but from what: I could see from Hhe footpath I was prepared to pay 14/- per week for the 'house even in tho condition v it . was in at the time. The- house would have satisfied my requirements as it then stood. . John O'SuUivan, carpenter, stated: I. know plaintiff's cottage Sn Byron Street. A month after the cyclone I asked Petersen if he had -the cottage formerly occupied by Bradbury to let. I was prepared to pay anything up to £1 per week for tho house. Cross-examined: I did not know what condition the house was in, but I knew it had a roof on. I could have afforded to pay £1 per week for a house for four or five weeks luntii I got a place to live in. ' This closed the case for the plain tiff. Wm. Alfred Bradbury stated: I am a returned soldier from France and hold a dean discharge. I made ar rangements to " rent Mr. Petersen's house in Byron Street' at 14/- weekly. I 'dcaK-'pfed tho ii'ouso .fi'om October 23, to'iittrt'V,': :-UV; /IT v': ' >'M 1917, to January 21, and paid rent up to January 9th. During the cyclone flood water came through the house to a depth of 4ft. Gin., ahd tho place was washed off the blocks by the tidal wavo. The back door was burst open, tile petitions of the house wore cur ried back at least seven inches, two doors were wrenched off, the Are place was carried away, and an out house was removed. The building was shifted from. 20 to 24ft., c-na side on the ground, tho other resting on tho blocks. The bathroom was cur ried over the fence to an adjneont al lotment to the side of Mr. Petersen's libuso. None of tho doors in the house would, close, and seven windows wore damaged: Tho stove was out in the yard in a damaged condition, the water pipes wc-ro disconnected, the steps to the house wcro unsafe, the floors were warped and in the bed room the floor was cracked by one of tho posts. I lost a good deal of my furniture. I left t'.ie house about mid day on January 21 and got shelter at the P6st Ofllei for fourteen days. The house w>aB not habitable. On. the Thursday after the cyclone I saw Petersen, who promised, in the pres ence of Mr. Smith,, to have my house repaired the first dry week. About. a fortnight later Petersen said he would' get the -house c-p as soon 'as lie could. I said I anv shifting my things,, what littl(\bit is left is hafdly worth shift ing, .and 'it is"'' no uW 'hustling round looking ifor ; i 'carter' as: the Council lias tliejn employcd; . Plaintiff agreed. After; leaving' the iPost Office. I took my wife baek_" to 'the : ;house. I . strapped' the'; bed > to ' t'ii'e ; floor , of the dining tpbui/yTlie inekt morning I told Peter sen1! could.; hot' llvo there and he said, "Why/ not Vgo "over., to my house; it Is level oh tbe' ground?" I said, "Are .hot you goingYodivq in it?' He ireplied that Ids; wife. would not; listen to going back; there: I said I would nqt rent a hous.dl'i'n. that-' condition .and was shift ing down to Mrs! Wragge's. place. .1 went', and-stayed there until AjIriL 13, and during ! that' interval shared , tlie rent wLth-thein: I, went.back to Peter- scn's tiouse on : April 13, and- the car- pcnto:swerc;wcirk!rig'therevfor. three days uitter t'hat. Tlio' place is not: pro perly . : repaired :y.et. , ... I : replaced , ;tho. stove .abou't four; days after I ,return- ed to.the house.:;; It ;was.- on the ver-. andah. I .did notyuse. the stoye -after the .cycldne 'until -we returned to -the. house, ,;cn. 'April ;13: .. (jn'.-the . following Wednesday /I'xtendered/ Peterson the. rents Tor' the time T was occupying the house. : He 8aid.:"What abqut the four teen weeks you were out of - It?" . 1 said, ""You don't" expect ine tb" pay for ; that. - do. you V Ho said", "You' don't . expect me ' to 'stand alj-ithe ' loss of hie cycion e said/; "I ; understood it; was 'distribuied fai'Tly well ; no one lias; offered to ;shnro,,niineV';: /.- He.'said : ho wou-ld make me pay the ' xent, and I said, . ''It- is'i a ' falr-djspute;; I will' test it.".- Eventually I got aj- summons for- the rent. PrioT to tliih- Petersen sug gested getting four: or -five disinter- estod -persons to", arbitrate, --hut : I. dor- clined to agre'e' ld'-tlns 'coar'se.: - Gross-examined: I gave, notice ter minating 'my tenancy on January/,23 or 24. It was a verbal notice. Dur ing the fourteen weeks I claim I haive not to pay rent I visited :the house two cr three -times a week to feed my.' cats. .The furniture in the house was mine. . I do not -suggest anybody else' had'a tenancy of the place besidesTny- self There: -whs no : new /tenancy cre ated between Petersen and myself on ly when £ ''returned' to the house. When I left tlie house I intended returning to it' when it .was repaired. . . iRe-examined: I allowed my furni-. ture to remain in the house because Peterson agreed to.it." Had I known I would have had to pay rent I w'ould have moved everything. " Thomas Brand stated: - I inspected Petersen's house in. Byron -Street on January .,28. It was not in a good .con dition for a tenant.. I went for the purpose of inspecting what was .left of lhe fu/rniture, which was purchased for. :B-r£idbu/y by the "War Council. There was practically nothing left in tlie'toouse; it was not habitable. ' . Robert Harris Smith, a lineman employed by- the Telegraph Depart ment, also gave evidence in respect to a conversation whioh took place be tween Bradbury and' the plaintiff. - This concluded the evidence. A verdict was given for plaintiff for amount paid into comir-t, £4 IBs., but costs amounting to £1- 18s. were or-, dered to be paid by plaintiff. 