 MR. WRAGGE CRITICISED. MELBOURNE, February 8. The dreadful drought predicted - by Mr. Clement Wragge does not find anv credence amongst the weather prophets of Victoria. They maintain that Mr. .Wragge has been indulging in ''.Terrsmaids" for nine vears. and that it would be distinctly hard, luck I if he were not right some time or other. One of the chief of the weather- wise said". "Mr. Wragge's general assertions are irrebuttable. During the summer time- -.we shall, most like, ly. have, extreme heat on hot days, especially in inland and : tropical parts of Australia, and in winter time "we are. likely to have rains and foes on the tops of mountains of high, .altitude," and snow will fall. "Over ,-in Western Australia it may be Confidently predicted that copious rains -will fall during the wet seas? on,.and:qn the north-west coast pro vision should be made for willy-will ies ; -while in Queensland we may ex pect cyclones in the cyclone season ; and in Sydney the atmosphere will be hutnid when conditions make for "humidity. "In short, one could not be far wrong, when tipping that there, will be south winds when the wind is - bio wing from the south. In" all these particulars no one can' .possibly dis agree with ,Mr. Wragge. ""Speaking seriously, there are no scientific data known to man that will enable anyone, to predict with any degree of "accuracy what . the Weather will' be" two or three years hence. This is the consensus of opin ion of the/principal authorities of the world who are especially- study ing this problem of weather predic tion. . ... "Going back to Mr. Wragge -it will be remembered that he promised a very bad season' for Victoria in 1911, I whereas we had an exceptionally I good and bounteous season. Gipps- I land was to be burnt up. As a mat ter of fact, Gippsland was blessed, with abundant rainfall, and her primary industries were in a very I flourishing condition. The only way 1 can possibly interpret the doleful 1 warnings which Mr. Wragge issues at I intervals is to take the reverse I as being likely to happen. What he has said lias not occurred. Therefore, we may assume that what he does not say will probably occur." . 