 NORTHERN METEOROLOGICAL ; ;; , ; STATIONS Jii another place in this issue of the'. "Telegraph" will lie 'found an interview' with Captain ft. Irvine, of the steamer ' lnnaininclta, in which lie details the steps . that arc being taken in the north for the; establishment , of a thoroughly '-equipped', meteorological station at Cairns. ..On; several occasions tho "Telegraph" 1ms; urged, the federal authorities to establish , such a station; Northern Chauibcns of. Copunerce have vigorously supported tho , "Telegraph's" arguments,., and lengthy . communications have passed between those bodies and the Commonwealth meteorolo gist. For reasons best known to -himself, i Unit . officer' has consistently opposed" the' establishment ' of such station; though every experienced shipmaster, on the coast emphatically declares that the station Is- imperatively necessary/ As previously, pointed 'out liy the "Telegraph," Cairns is the centre of those cyclonic disturb ances, which arc such a menace, to coastal shipping during the first three months oi the year. Such disturbances come as regularly us do'.tliq months themselves, but information concerning, their approach Is supplied with corresponding irregularity. The result is that ships trading between the south and northern porta riovcr know when they may run into a terrific cyclone peradventure to bo utterly overwhelmed, ami they and. their precious freight ,of human lives, and merchandise, sent to the bottom nt tin!" sea. as was the . ill fated Yongala. The irregularity in ques tion is duo to the fact that, instead of there being a thoroughly equipped meteor ological station at Cairns, whence abso lutely reliable and right up to tho moment information could In; issued con cerning weather conditions, the meagre information collected by the meteorologi cal oltice in Melbourne is fil tered through by wire to Cairns. During the cyclonic season, telegraphic, communication with the north is most precarious, lor the line is constantly swept n way by fierce storms ; and by the time information reaches Cairns, ves sels that have left that port are , well out in tin: vortex of tho disturbance, tho approach of which should liavo been noti fied many hours before. According to Captain Irvine, who lias taken a lively interest in this matter, residents of Cairns- and Townsvillc have determined to take the establishment oi a thoroughly equipped meteorological sta-' tion at Cairns into their own hands. They liaVe decided to put up the neces sary money for equipping such station', and for paying a thoroughly competent meteorologist to lake charge of it. And it will not he surprising- to learn that lliey ' have secured the services of that acknowledged meteorological export, Air. Clement Wragge, whoso work, when in charge oi Queensland's meteorological bureau, was so eminently effective. liul: so far us this year's cveloriic season is concerned, the schema j.s a dav behind the fair. Thai, however, cannot he helped , for as Captain Irving points mil . uciiou lias been delayed be cause northern residents were Imping against Impc Mia I the Federal Govern ment would recognise I he necessity for I lie proposed station, However, by the end of this year,- I lie new station will lie ll.oroiighiy cqiiipued. and Air. Wragge will lie installed in charge. This is n eas-.: in proof of Hie help which providence gives .to .them .who help themselves ; hut why. should a matter so important as that now in question, lie left to private . en terprise ? In other w.onis, why should those who .pay towards this enterprise do so for tho benefit of the whole of the pooplc of Australia. These contributors j all are taxpayers to tho Commonwealth; thev pay towards the upkeep of mcteoro- . logical stations in other parts of Austra lia, many of which are declared ' to - he j quite superfluous. Yet, because, of the refusal- of the. Commonwealth ' meterolo- J gist to 'accept the opinion of the whole j army of shipmasters on tlio coast, every ' one of , whom, by reason of his . profes sion and training, is a meteorologist -; of no. mean order, declares tliat a meteoro logical station at .Cairns is an imperative necessity.!-. The people of Cairns and Townsvillc are forced to put. their hands in their own pockets, and provide for . themselves protection which, obviously, , it j it is the duty of'the. CommoiivvcaTth .Gov ernment to allord them, and, through , them, to all whom may travel along our j riorlhorn const, : either for busi- j ness or pleasure. The least that the ' Commonwealth meteorojo- j gist can do is to ' convince . the I Federal Government that his sole opinion I is of weight - greater than that of the I combined opinions of all of -the coastai shipmasters. Has he done that.'! 'Can ho' do it V: If lio Y-an, well and goo(J ; _.but 'the people of Cairns and Townsvillc ob viously'. demonstrate their confidence in the opinion of the shipmasters, by back ing it up with their own good cash to 'the tune of about -.£1,000. per year. Aloney talks. Tile whole of this business should be brought directly under the notice of the Federal - Cabinet. It is a matter of ! paramount importance, not onlv to! Queensland, as one of. the heaviest chntri- ( Ijtitors to Commonwealth, revenue, but to , the whole of Australia. And as such the Federal Chhinet should consider and1' de termine' on it.  tho following appeared -in our Second Edition yesterday. ' FOREWARNED IS FQREARMED, Warning is issued by the Meteorologi cal Department that a fierce disturbance !s travelling southward. Already that dls- turbanoa has caused' considerable, and, ns . later reports may prove, very great damage, in the 'north. The special feature of these itinerant meteorological distur bances is flat they as they proceed, instead of losing strength, they gather force. They resemble an insurgent army. Every district through which they pass, and leave, in their passing, broad evi dences of their passage and ravage, con tributes its local reinforcements to their strength. Thus, while at a given spot, one' of these disturbances, by reason of its violence may seem to havo expended its' strength,, the fact is that as it proceeds, It gathers frcsb strength and ferocity, just as did An taeus of old, , who. cvory time he placed his foot on mother earth, was reinforced by frcsli energy; The special purpose of the meteorological department is to an ticipate the probable cITccts of these vio lent visitants. From reliable data that department is able to foretell with aiiso- luto accuracy, that within a certain period, the disturbance of which it has bam notified, will reach this or that spot. But in how many instances is pro per advantage taken of the information thus afforded ? It may be remembered that when Mr. Wragge was State meteo rologist, tliuit devastating cyclonic disturbance wi'aieli he designated "Sigma," swept over the northern' part of Queens land. Its approach was predicted ; and, like Caesar, if; came, saw, and conquered. fThe record of the ravage which it iwrought now is embalmed in the annals o£ Queensland's history. 'What precau tions, then, a.re now being taken to an ticipate the probable effects of the dis turbance now swooping southwards ? For iat least two days warnings have been Issued, not cinly to shipping, but also to those inland, over whose districts tlie storm area is certain to extend. Unless these warnings, based on ascertained scientific data and on specific observation lit points an>d centres whence reliable in formation is obtainable, are lieeded, of what practical use is the Commonwealth Meteorological Dcpartmftit ? There is tvery reason, in view of the efforts which that department makes to afford fullest possible information both to shipping and to the people on the' land, why the fore- fcasts as issued should he very carefullv Studied. It is the settler who disre- :gards such information who usually is found, in time of flood, asquat the cap ping; of his house roof, and floating, like (Robinson Crusoe, to some unknown island, ior on whose drowned body the magistrate has to hold- an inquiry as to the cause lot its appearance on the surface of the flood waters. Ample warning of the approach of this fierce meteorological Send has been given. Those who are wise will mate every possible preparation lomjts: repulse  The following appeared in our Second Edition yesterday. I QUEENSLAND WEATHER STATIONS.. I i Mr. Wragge's Work. | " . To the Editor.— Sir.— A paragraph ap peared in ia' Melbourne paper of- the 17th instant, , which stated that Senator Maughan had requested in . the Senate that "a more efficient system of weather warning stations should he established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland . coast." In this conncctfou I would ai;i> what has happened to the most complete chains oi observing stations, that 1 per sonally established there, and equipped with the best instruments that Loudon can produce, when I was in charge oi the .Queensland meteorological service ? I read further that Mr. Hunt has "com pleted arrangements that will make Bris bane en up-to-date meteorological sta tion, equipped with instruments specially inade to suit the northern climate. Surely there is such a tiling as justice in Aus tralia, and that sacred cause may allow me to speak. Has the best of my life's work, gone for nothing? For Hi! ycilrs I was head of the Queensland Meteorological Department, anil during that time. I established as was admitted, . , " a meteorological and weather warn- ing system, second to none in the world." The Brisbane station was first- class in every respect, when I had charge, and-' in ignoring this, a cruel wrong has been done to me. Is all mv work; faith fully done,: to the last item under most trying circumstances, to be thus nega tived, and not a word of credit accorded in my declining years 7 Storms were warned,'1 and . forecasts issued by me that were verified at 'J5tper cent iu accuracy, and hot only was this done, for Queensland; hut for every '.part of Australasia, as llie people will 'remem ber. And a" this on an annual/, vote"; of £1,500, as against £22,000 (I .believe), now expended by the federal - weather Ihtreau.".' What do they do with the money 7 The tooinbana went down, and so did. llie Yon-.aia, without a word of warning by the Commonwealth rtietcorologist, who- a 'few days ago performed cruelly gro tesque experiments m Melbourne, sliowine how tlie latter steamer foundered. . Mr. Hunt talks of instruments specially suited . to the northern climate. This is- mere moonshine. ..Standard instruments such 'an. 1 employed and personally fixed in posi tion over the whole of Queensland, .includ ing' Capo, York Peninsula; and the far west, are available all the world over, and tlie sooner the Minister in charge realises this, and asks a tew questions, the better it will he for, a long suffer ing public and, shipping. Let justice he done, though tho heavens fall. Surely Queensland, to which I de voted the best years of my life, j will "sten to mv voice.— Yours. &c.. ULEMENT WRAGGE, F.R.G.S., F.R., Met. Soc., &c.. 'Lnle Government Meteorologist of - Queensland. September 24th, 1913.  Settled Till 1930. DRY. AND WET SEASONS. In these days (says the Sydney "Even ing News"), when those once honoured prophets of the . weather— the corns and gouty limbs of our elders— have given place to scientific forecast, the farming community, hangs with bated breath upon the utterances' of the experts. The Auckland "Star," copies of - which arrived by the steamer . Riverina, inter viewed Mr. Clement Wrasee. F.K.G.S.— the one-time Queensland Government meteorologist, and the foreteller -of the disastrous vYustralian droughts— at his home at Birkenhead the other day. ... Mr. Wraege willinglv acquiesced when asked if he would venture a- forecast. The celebrated weather prophet lives in intimate communion ' with tho. weather portents. An odd-looking baromctbr was | at his elbow in his queer, workshop- ! like study ; shelves of meteorological ( tomes lined the room. Outside' was a box- like . structure which, to the uninitiated Wight have been a meat safo or a bird cage. It was, in fact, a miniature ob servatory, in which clockwork and elec trical instruments registered the vagaries of the atmosphere, or turned turtle, bv an alarm .arrangement, to .tell' the stale of- the temperature at a given time of nights. THE ELUSIVE SUNSPOT. The meteorologist fetched a huge , tele scope, formidable as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting rays of the sun, and allowed a bright half-crown of light from the lens— the photograph of the sun— to play on the white blotting pad. "No snnspots and no rain just yet," was his rueful verdict. "I've been expect ing one just lately. It should appear to-morrow or the next day on the edge of the sun, and. when it' works to the centre, conditions will be favourable to rain." The prophet next gave the barometqr. a professional rap, jotted down n figure, nnd dubiously said "L'mpli." Producing a clmrt of the Australasian regions, he went outside to test the direction of' the wind and to find the lay of tho low atmos pheric pressure region, and .then com mence to rapidly draw wavy "isobars" on the chart. LOOKING AHEAD. Mr. Wragge has computed' forecasts for the seasons of Australia till 1U3U, and these, he suys, are applicable to New Zealand, with slight modifications, owing to physical and geographical reasons. During 1011 and part of 1015, ho suys, the rainfall, taking Australasia as u whole, will be under the average. This by no means implies tlmt there will be no rain. On the contrary, good intervening rains will occur, and the lust part of this period will ho better than the first. From the middle of "1015 onwards, the rainfall will markedly ihcrcusc, and from 101(1 to 1020 inclusive, tliu seasons will be distinctly good, witii abundant pre cipitation. After 1020 the rainfall will begin to 1 steadily fail off, and the worst part ot the next great under average period will be 1023 und 1024. Australians will be justified in calling that a drought. In 102-5, matters -will begin to improve, aiid good seasons will prevail from 103n to lOfifi. i These forecasts, explained Mr. Wi'uggc, : are mainly based on tho physical condi tion of the sun with respect to its . maxima and minima moods, mov- I ing in cycles of 11 . years. Just now wo are nearing the end of the solar minimum— or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun of which we .on earth had no conception, were least violent. The maximum period would commence at the end of 1015, and until then, gl- though lie did not expect the seasons to be so bad as" they had been," abnormal, rains must not he anticipated. Intervene ' ing rains in New Zealand should give a heavier fall than in Australia. In . the . droughts, he predicted, New Zealand would . not suffer to the same extent as Aus tralia, owing to its climate' being in sular. whereas that oi the latter was continental.; > "Yes," said Senatoi Graphtor, with a I deep sigh, "I often yearn deeply tor the joys of 'private life." "Well, by-George, senator." said one of his fellow-towns- men, enthusiastically, "Nobody deserves .to be returned to them more than . yon do'!"  The Cyclone Season., Neefl of the North. A Meteorological Station. 'For somo 'timo past tlio people of Townsviilo uiid CaimS have been acitat- iug lor the establishment of a meteoro logical station in tins north. It 'is con- tended 'that by that means may, possible: disasters to /snipping along tho nutthem coast in the cyclone season he averted. A meteorological . station, properly, equipped and efficiently, managed, would bo. serviceable in' forecasting disturbances which from timo to tiuio threaten the' safety of shipping: in the north. Master mariners have givon- tliefr strongest sup-, port to 'tho agitation, and prominent amongst them is .Captain U. Irvine, mas ter oi the Inuamincka, who conveyed his views to a representative oi the , "Tele graph" yesterday afternoon. "A scien tific meteorological station at Cairns or Towns ville, with a scientific man in , charge, " said Captain Irvine, "would bo tho means of giving notice to shipping of approaching storms, When Mr, - Hunt. Commonwealth ' Government meteorologist was in' North . Queensland lust 'year, a de putation urged liira to have, a station established at Cqirns. Air. 'Hunt ob jected on the grdund of the expense in-, vol vod, which, lt sald. woiiid-'ndt be; warranted vy .thei popuiatio'li affected. The northern peojile ' Were not satisfied with this reply, so they referred the matter to tho Minister, who eventually, also turned down the proposal. 7 The people' of Cairns and Townsville have decided that they; > .will liaveiil;'-meteorological sta tion7 sqmehoW. - IqVccordingly they are, organisih'g. av'sdbscription list, in' ; aid „of .the movement,.'/, aiid .'thoy feel .confident' the necessar;;,ni'pney' ';will be raised. . ;lt:, has boon '.'suggested '. that an offer should be made to Mr. Clement Wragge, who, 1 understand is in New Zealand, to come over .and run tho station." "What is your opinion ir. , regard to that'7 Idea queried 'tho reporter. "1 think it- is a very good idea,", re plied Captain, Irvine, "Mr, Wragge". is eminently '.qualified to take .Charge of. such a . station, ' by reason of his experience in Queensland, and liis knowledge of local conditions. . I holieve the' money that is! required will bo forthcoming, as the move ment should, appeal not only to nortli- erners, hut' .-Ufr many people in the' other States, for the men employed, on the' steamers trading to the. north have faml-" iics in' the southern cities, and . besides numerous -'southerners 'constantly. / are travelling into the tropics. It -is, wiser to subscribe money" towards the preven tion of '.disasters7 than to Subscribe after wards.- tor the relief- of those who suffer bv disasters that might have bcCn pre vented. A meteorological 'station would ho an' iiivaluablo guide as to the approach of storms. - The North Queensland coast is tlio oniv const in a cyclone area that I ' know of that,, has. not a meteorological station. There are, stations which givo warnings of storms a't Mauritius, I-loug- ' Jrong, and Bengal!,-. -At present advices- as 'to weather, -indications liave to be sent' to Mulbourpo, arid maybe the storm, has" arrived, before jbho warning, is given... May-, be the 'wires, hayo-, been blown down, aiid it. is, hot jipssible-.to give .warning-'.' .; "How long.a -notice would yopji want ' ordinarily "I should sny 34 hours' notice - would suffice. Tlicro are scarcely any two ports along tho > coast ; ,morc than 24 hours apart. If a ' warning of a, cyclone were, given we could stay: in , port till tho dan ger, hnd passed;, , Something. must be done. We want a man to study; these storms on the spot. At .present the , meteorolo gical office tolls you what kind ot rweather wo have had, but it is seldom they gie an idea oi whfetjhs ahead. Mostly their forecasts aro pp,uvague .that no: matter .what' kind -of weather comes.; the :'.;fore cftstn - liold .good.C jtVe- master mariners oi necessity '- study imeteotology, . but we ; aro frequently niinpluised by these cyclones, which come up 'lit «!n hour's notice. - To ( meet a cyclone. Hi'- tlie open sea, wlienypU. have plenty 'ot- toora.'is bad enotigb,-. -but it is much worse when your ship in olosed in between the V shore and the Barrier .. Reef,- That is where 'the trouble is;.'' - "What is 'it estimated will be the'eost ot- equipping and''- running ; a meteorologi cal station in the 'liorth 7 > i "They estimate the cost of establishing the station would be about £1, 000, and of running it!' about _ £600- -per. annum," said Captain - "What.; is that cdmpared. to . .7 -the / loss iuvolved iu -a shipwreck. Look; at, the loss of breadwinners, to say nothing. of -tho 'loss- of" property. . I : hope ; the . necessary uaoney->will» be subscribedi and l. am confident that . It . will . be, for in the north the people W very » uoiictiiitaeu , about the matter; and they feel they, con = rely onl assistance from the south, ii£ - the/ Commonwealth continues to , refuse to cs-., tablish the station." .&lt;  The Gyelone Season., Need of the North. A Meteorological Station. . For sonic, time past the people , oi Townsvillc und Cairns have been agitat ing ' for tho . establishment of a .meteoro logical station in tho north,. It. is'coiir tended that by: that means may, possible disasters to shipping along the northern coast' in U10 cyclone season lie averted. A incteorologicul station, properly, equipped irid' ollic'icntly managed, would bu serviceable in forecasting disturbances wliicli from ' timu to time threaten - the safety of shipping- , in the ilortli. jMastcr mariners have given their strongest sup port to the agitation, and prominent, itmongst 'tiiem Is Captain G. Jr vine, mas ter of tho. Inunmincka, who conveyed his views ' to a representative of the "Tele graph" yesterday afternoon. "A scien tific meteorological station at Cairns or Townsvillo, with n sctentilie man in it-barge," said Captaih Irvine, "would be tho means' of giving notice' to shipping of approaching storms, 'When Mr, Hunt. Commonwealth Government meteorologist was. in North Queensland lust year, a de putation' urged him to have a station established at Cairns. Mr, Hunt ob- jectcd . on itlie/ groufid of the- expense : in volved, 'Which'/ herald, would- not' ' he- warranted by .tho population affected. Tho northern people, ..weto not 1 rialisflcil with this reply, soV they ' referred tlie ' matter to the- Minister, who eventually also turned down' the' proposal. The people of ' Calrns",;!. arid Townsvillc; lmvc,: decided-, that '.they swill iihavo it .meteorologlca'l star- tioii somelioTV." . Accordingly they, : art organisingVa subscription '-list, ill- aid of thc. movcmonti': - and ' .thcy feel : fonlldent the :!ieoessary'.-&lt;:mon6y i.wili.bo raised.' : It has been 'suggested that anofffir should be made to Mr. ClcmeritaWrhggo, . who, : I' understand, is in New Zcalaud. to crime over arid .run.;. tho station." - "What is your opinion ir. regard to that . idea ?" .queried the reporter. ' "I think it. js. a , very good idcrii'-'- re plied Captaiir -Irvino. - "Mr.-Wragge fis orainently qualified to take cliarge of such . a station, by reason; of his experience in Queensland, and his 'knowledge of local conditions. I. believe the money that is required will ,)io forthcoming,' as the move- nient should appeal -/not' only to north erners, but to many people in the other States, frir the mek employed . on the steamers trading to the north have faimi- lies in the southerri' cities, .and- besides numerous southerners, constantly ure travelling, into -the .tropics, it is wiser to subscribo inririey towafds the preven tion of disnstcrs .than to. subscribe after wards for tlio relief of those 'who; sulfcr liy disasters that' might havo been pre vented; A. .meteorological station would be an invaluable guide as to the approach ' rif : storms. Tlie North Queensland coast , is the onl'v coast in a cyclone area tliat l know of that has' not a meteorological- station.- There .'are .statiriris-which give; . warnings of h tortus at Mauritius,' Hong-: kong,: and Bengal-. ; At- present advices . as to.: VQathcr : indications have" to - be' sent to Melbourne, and maybe tfie storm has , arrived- beforo thft'i'warning -is given.- Mai j- b'n the- wires linve been' blown down, and. it is riot tmssiBIe to give warning. l1'" " "How long a nptice .would you warit ordinarily "I should say 24 hours' - notice / would sufticc. There' hie scarcely any two ports airing the coast /'.more tlmn;;-2i hours .apart. If a 'warhliig .' of a' cyclone- wore gtven we -could fe'triy; in port'' till' tlie dan ger had passed;1'- Something must bo done. We want a man..:tp 'study . theSe storms on the spot;' At present the 'metcorolo- gieal offlee tolls you. what kind- of weather; We have had, biifc-it is .seldorii 'thhy give an idea' Of whfce"RJ :ahead. Alostly their f&rccasts are. so" vague -that .no . matter what kind 'ol weiitlfer comes the . tore- , chstn 'lioJd vgobd. " jvri'biaster- mattnerri tot necessity .study Hi, tteotology;, but we' aro frequently 4ioriplussed.!bv tliese . cyclones/ whicl'i' come ,up: at , an lipur's. novlce. 'To; meet a oyclbrio iri !the, open- sea, , Whenyou have 'plenty rif roqm is bad enough, but it is mrich worse wlien your ship 1b closed in between the shore, arid the /Ba'rrior Reef. ' That. is where the trouble, is- "What is. it estimated will be, .the cost of . equipping and , running ;a meteorologi cal station in the.i>ortli"." . "They" estimate' the cost of .establishing tlio station, would be abouf; i.I',000, and of running it about _ £800 I'cr annum." said Captain Irvine, "What is that. compared ; to the loss involved in 'a. shipwreck: Look. -at the loss .of breadwinners, to' say nothing of the / loss. of-. Sircipcrty. ". I hope ' the necessary lijoney will he subscribed, and l am corifldcnt tliat,; it will be, for iri, the north: the -people' nrc: very determined about .' the matter; and they feel tliey can I'ely Oil assistance- from the south, ff the- Commonwealth continues to refuse to es tablish t-ho-station." ' ' „ ' \ '  Seeond Edition. TELEGRAPH OFFICE, 8 p.m. FOREWARNED .IS FOREARMED, "Warning is issued by tiro Meteorologi cal Department that a fierce disturbance is travelling southward. Already that dis turbance has caused considerable, and. as later reports may prove, very groat damage, in the north. The special fcaturo ol these itinerant meteorological distur bances is that they as they proceed, instead of losing strength, they gather force. Tlioy resemble an insurgent army. Everji district through which they pass, and leave, in"- their passing, broad evi dences of their passage and ravage, con tributes its local reinforcements to their strength. Thus, while at a given spot, one of these disturbances,' by reason of its violence may seem to have expended its strength, the fact is that as it proceeds, it gathers fresh strength and ferocity, jfist as did An taeus of old, who, every time he placed his foot on mother earth, was reinforocd by fresh energy. The special purpose oi the meteorological department is to an ticipate the probable etlccts of these. vio lent visitants. From reliable data that department is able to foretell with abso lute accuracy, that within a- certain period, the disturbance of which it. has been notified, will reach, this or that spot. But in how many instances is pro-' per advantage taken of the. information thus afforded ? It may be. rcmeirrbercd Wat whea Mr. Wragge was State; meteo rologist, that devastating cyclonic disturbance which he designated "Sigma, swept over the northern part of Queens land. Its approach was predicted ; and, like Caesar, it came, saw, and conquered. The record ot the ravage which it> .wrought' now is embalmed in tbe annals of Queensland's history. What Precau tions, then, are now being taken to .an ticipate the probable effects of the dis turbance now swooping southwards ? t or at least two days warnings- have been issued, not only to shipping, but also to those inland, over whose districts the storm area is certain to extend, Lnless these warnings, based on ascertained scientific data and on specific observation at points and centres whence reliable in formation is obtainable, are heeded, of what- practical use is the Commonwealth - Meteorological Department 7 There is every reason, in view of the efforts which that department makes to afford fullest possible information both to shipping anil to the people on the land, why the fore casts as issued should be very carcfullr studied. It is the settler who disre gards such information who usually is " found, in time of flood, asquat the cap- pine; of his house roof, and floating., like Robinson Crusoe, to. some unknown island, or on whose drowned body the magistrate has to hold an inquiry as. to the cause of its appearance on the surface of the Iflood waters. Ample warning of the approach of this fierce meteorological fiend has been given. Those who are '.wise will make every, possible preparation for its repulse  Settled Till 1930. DRY AND WET SEASONS. In these days (says the Sydney "Even ing News"), when those once honoured prophets of the weather— the corns " and gouty limbs of our elders— have given place to scientific forecast, the farming , community hangs . with bated breath upon the utterances of the exports. The Auckland "Star," copies of width arrived hv the .steamer Riverina, inter- viewed Mr. Clement Wragge, F.R.G.S.— the one-time Queensland Government meteorologist, and the foreteller of the j disastrous Australian droughts— at his home at Birkenhead the other day. ' Mr. Wragge willinglv acquiesced . when asked it, lie would venture a forecast. The celebrated weather prophet lives in intimate communion with the weather 1 portents. An odd-looking barometer was : at his ' elbow in his queer, workshop-. ' like study ; shelves of „ meteorological" tomes lined the room. Outside was a box like structure which,' to the uninitiated might have been a meat safe or a bird cage. It was, in fact, 'a miniature oh- servatory.in which clockwork and elec trical instruments registered the vagaries of the atmosphere, or turned.- turtle, bv an alarm arrangement, to tell the state of the temperature at a given time of nights. THE ELUSIVE SUNSPOT. The meteorologist fetched a huge tele scope, fonnidable as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting rays ot the sun, and allowed a bright hait-crown oi light from the lens— the: photograph of tho sun— to play on the white blotting pud. "No sunspots and no rain just yet," was his rueful verdict. "I've been expect ing one just lately. ..It should appear to-morrow or the next day on the edge of the sun, und when it works to tho centre, conditions will be favourable to rnin." Tiie prophet next gave the barometer a professional rap, jotted down a figure, and dubiously said "I'mpli." Producing a chart of the 'Australasian regions, he went outside to test the direction oi the wind and to find the lav of tho low atmos pheric pressure region, and then com mence to rapidly draw wavy "isobars" on the chart. LOOKING AHEAD. Mr. Wragge has computed forecasts for the seasons of Australia till 1U3U, and these, lie says, arc applicable tu" New | Zealand, with slight modifications, owing to physical and geographical reasons. During 1914 and part of 1915, lie says, the rainfall, taking Australasia as ' a whole, will lie under the avcrago. This by no means implies that there will be no ruin. On the contrary, good intervening rains will occur, and the lust part of this period will be better than the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards, the rainfall will markedly increase, and from 1916 to 1920 inclusive, the seasons will he distinctly good, with abundant pre cipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to steadily fall off, and the worst part of the next great under average period will lie 1923 and 1924. Australians will be justified in calling that a drought. In 1925, matters will begin to improve, and good seasons will provail from l92o to 1930. These forecasts, explained Sir. Wrqgge, urc mainly based on the physical Condi- - tion of the sun with respect to its maxima and minima moods, mov ing in cycles of 11 years. Just now. wo arc Hearing the pud c of the solar minimum— or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, ot which we on earth had no conception, ; were least violent/ The maximum period would commence at the end of 1915, and until then, ,al- . . : though he did not expect the seasons to lie so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must not be anticipated. Intervenn . ing rains in New Zealand should give a heavier fall than in Australia. In the droughts lie predicted. New Zealand would not suffer to the same extent as Aus tralia, owing' to its climate being in sular, whereas that of tho latter was continental. >. "Yes," said Senator Graphtor, with a I deep sigh, "I often yearn deeply for the joys of private life." "Well, by George, senator." said one of his fellow-towns-", men, enthusiastically, "Nobody deserves to he returned to tiiem more than you do !"  NORTH METEOROLOGY. AFFAIR. ' Straight Criticism. i Tint letter irom Mr. I-lunt, Government meteorologist (says the "North Queens land Register." shows that the tlie un expected determination of the North Queensland people to pay ' their own meteorologist in the cyclone season, lias shamod the Federal Government some what. tl Air. Hunt's weather prophecies are no better than his arguments, we are sorry for his department. He urges that the creation o( a meteorological bureau in the north would lie of uo value, because telegraphic communication might lm interrupted. Wliv not establish n ow- ppwered wireless station at Cairns suf ficient lo reach To'wnsville on one side and Cooktown oil tho ' other. II, is ridiculous to imagine that a port of the commercial importance of Bairns cuii he deprived ot tlie benefits or wire less communication. With three wire less stations in operation in the cyclonic zone, tho danger uf interrupted laud com munication need not he considered. The Meteorological Department lias liecn shamed into doing suniethiiig, and is now wiring to each port in the cyclonic, zone, three times daily, the state of the baro meter and otiier weather intmmaliou re garding the otlior northern ports. This is a valuable addition to their previous ef forts, hut unfortunately there are few up north who can deduce the course uf a cyclone from such Information. The Government arn giving, us the material, but not the man 'to make use n! it. If Mr. Wragge were in tlie north, ho would, when the indications became sinister, immediately advise as to the section of tlie coast likely to lie affected, it is pleasing to note, however, that tlie department have been moved to do something, and mayhap before next cyclonic season, a northern meteorologist, for the dangerous season, will he ap pointed. in the south, where tlie weutlior Is never heavy enough to r.cri- ously threaten a .well found vessel, weather forecasts only serve to reassure or warn timid travellers as to the ex tent of their seasickness, or to advise the elite of Melbourne or Sydney that it will be fine for the Governor-General's garden party or the A.J.O. ruces. In North Queensland, in tho cyclonic months .weather advice may save a couple of hundred lives. Yet, with true love of 'concentration, the. Meteorological Depart ment takes Uie garden paitv. and the nice meeting lo its bosom, and calmly allows the unannounced cyclonic storm lo pur sue its devastating career, Truly tho ways ,of the Federal .Meteorological De partment are wonderful.  , LESSONS FROM CALAMITIES. Whoever will carefully read the story of the cyclonic visitation on our northern coast may learn a lesson as to the caution horn from experience of former calamities. Our memories are- tender and keen of feeling coneerning the loss of life suffered ou our northern coast when the Yongala went- down to unexplored depths of the sea. Even at that time; there were prudent ship commanders who, fore seeing the evil, took shelter from the storm. Experience is a faithful teacher. Now wc know, having so long sat at her feet, that ou our northern coast at this season of the year, cyclones mpy prevail. It still is vividly in memory that Mr. Wragge's .Sigma .wrought so much mischief aE Townsvilic, .threatening almost to carry' away the ugly bluff headland that looms over the city. So far, on this occa sion, it appears liuit no lives have' been lost. This "welcome stale of affairs indis putably is due to the prudence with which shin commanders have managed their crafts in those dangerous northern waters, ..dangerous when cyclones arc roaming the | sea. It is. said that the Innumincka is aground. For' the present we may sur mise that her commander deemed risks near shore to U- less than risks in llie open water, whilst a cyclone was raging. Until otherwise informed— and we hope it will he impossible to supply the infor mation—the immunity from loss of lire this tiirre experienced is .due .to the lessons in prudence taught' h'y the calamities that befell us wlii'ii..|Jn' Yoiigiila foundered.  LESSONS FROM CALAMITIES, .' Whoever will carefully read the story of the cyclonic visitation on. our northern coast may learn a lesson as to the caution born from experience of former calamities. Our memories are tender anil keen of feeling concerning the loss of life suffered on our northern coast when the Yongala went down to unexplored depths of the sea. Even at that time, there' were prudent ship comthanders who, fore seeing the. evil, took shelter from the storm. Experience is a faithful teacher; Now wc know, having so long sat at her feet, that on our northern coast 'at this season of the year, cyclones may prevail. It still' is vividly in memory that Mr. Wragge's , Sigma wrought so much mischief at Townsvillc, threatening almost to carry away the ugly bluff headland that looms over the city. - So. far, on this occa sion, it appears that no lives have been lost. This welcome state of affairs indis putably is due to tho prudence with which ship commanders have managed their cralts in those dangerous northern waters, dangerous when cyclones are roaming tliq sea. It is said that the Innamincka is aground. For the present wo may sur mise that her commander deemed risks near, shore to be less than risks in the open water, whilst a cyclone was raging. Until otherwise informed— and -ire . hope it will be impossible to supply the infor mation—the immunity from loss of life this time experienced is due to the lessons in prudence taught by the -calamities' that? befell us when the Yongala foundered.  The following appeared in our Second Edition yesterday. ! northern meteorological ; bureau, 'Almost immediately after the tragic Disappearance of tho Yongala on the northern coast of Queensland the " Tele graph " started an agitation for the establishment of a completely equipped meteorological bureau at Cairns. . The matter was vigorously talfen up by northern chambers of commerce ; repre sentations were mado to ' the Federal Government, and deputations waited on tho Federal Minister for Home Affairs. But, for some reason never yet explained, tho chief meteorological officer set his face against the proposal, with the re sult that, so far as that officer's de partment is concerned, those who travel northwards in the cyclone season ot tho . year are exposed to all the perils through which' those /who travelled our : northern coasts before meteorology was known as an exact science, had to pass. So keenly did the people' of tho north, feel on the subject that tlicy entered into- negotia tions with Mr. Clement Wragge, for tho organisation of a meteorological bureau, the expense of whose , upkeep was to he undertaken by private firms and in dividuals. Apparently, that scheme must have fallen through, else it would not have been necessary for that Townsville deputation . which- waited on tho Premier on Saturday to urge his influence with the Federal Government establish a bureau in tho north. That Such a bureau still should be wanting is almost in credible, Meteorological news and data concerning , conditions in the north are sent to Melbourne. After they have wearily reached that city, they are sent hack oil the t" wearisome return journey' to Townsvillo and Cairns, where they arrive, as a rule, about twenty-four hours after , they are of any use. That the cyclonic season is tho 1 special playtime of devastating storms that wreck landllnes as they wreck- cob webs, apparently has not occurred to the chief meteorological office. That such is the case is as well known to all who have had occasion to -use those lines during the cyclonio season is a matter of com monest knowledge. Therefore, after reli able meteorological data has been received in the north, and has been seat on the . wearisome return journey to .the south, the chances are that somewhere betwixt Brisbane and Cairns, it will meet an im passable abyss of broken communication, over which it will be passed probably , not later than the week ' following. This may appear to be a hyperbolical statement' of the matter. It is ot such authenticity, that experience consistently hears it , Out. And the most amazing part ot this apathy or indifference of the department, cancerned is that so many disasters might have been averted had the bureau in ques- tion been established when first it was proposed. What will result from the re presentations of Saturday's' deputation 'J (The Premier is known to be a "stickler" when once he starts out on a quest. But prill he be able to overcome the forces, ; that, for vears, have stood in the wav of the establishment of the proposed northern meteorological bureau ? If ' he is able ta do that, . and if he is able to succeed in his quest, then, indeed, he is. entitled to the V.O. of politics.  Second Edition. queensland weather stations, Mr. Wragge's Work. To the Editor.— Sir,— A paragraph ap- peared in a Melbourne paper of the 17th instant, which stated that Senator Maughan had requested in the Senate that a more efficient system of weather warning stations should be established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast." In this connection I would ask what, has happened to the most complete chains of observing stations, that I per- sonally established there, and equipped with the best instruments that London can produce, when I was in charge of the Queensland meteorological service ? I read further that Mr. Hunt has com- pleted arrangements that will make Bris- bane an up-to-date meteorological sta- tion, equipped with instruments specially made to suit the northern climate. Surely there is such a thing, as justice in Aus- tralia, and that, sacred cause may allow me to speak. Has the best of my life's work gone for nothing ? For 13 years I was head of the Queensland Meteorological Department, and during that time, I established as was admitted, " a meteorological and weather warn- ing system, second to none in the world." The Brisbane station was first- class in every respect, when I had charge, and in ignoring this, a cruel wrong has been done to me. Is all my work, faith- fully done, to the lasst item under most trying circumstances, to be thus nega- tived, and not a word of credit accorded in my declining years ?. Storms were warned, and forecasts issued by me that were verified at 95 per cent in accuracy, and not only was this done, for Queensland, but for every part of Australasia, as the people, will remem- ber. And all this on an annual vote of £1,500, as against. £22,000 (I believe), now expended by the federal weather bureau. What do they do with the money ? The Koombana went down, and so did the Yongala, without a word of warning by the Commonwealth meteorologist, who a few days ago performed cruelly gro- tesque experiments in Melbourne, showing how the latter steamer foundered. Mr. Hunt, talks of instruments specially suited to the northern climate. This is mere moonshine. Standard instruments such as I employed and personally fixed in posi- tion over the whole of Queensland, includ- ing Cape York Peninsula, and the far west, are available all the world over, and the sooner the Minister in charge realises this, and asks a few questions, the better it will be for a long suffer- ing public and shipping. Let justice be done though the heavens fall. Surely Queensland, to which I de- voted the best years of my life, will listen to my voice.—Yours, &c., CLEMENT WRAGGE, F.R.G.S., F.R., Met. SoC., &C., Late Government Meteorologist of Queensland. September 24th, 1913. 