 THE GOSSIPY WAY. “ Gossips are frogs, they drink and talk." " Outlandish Proverbs." A paragraph iu a daily paper stated 41the Russian Duma has decided that women will be admitted to the bar.’ More work for the temperance party • Tho laud in which a Parliamentary general election is about to take place is invariably a land of promise, uud the period immediately preceding the elrdious is :i promising season, for tbc candidates, every one of them, are full of promisee. Apparently the candidates arc imbued with the nelief that Parliament id tho right sort of place for a promising mau. When 1 think of candidates for P.M-liaineut J pnuder on the Japanese table which relates that once upon a time there was a mau who told au elephant that lie would take tbe animal into paradise, it he would only let him ride on his back to make the trip. The clepliaut nodded a consent aud the mau and tho auima! started iu quest of the beautiful world, the mini guiding the reins with his euuuing intellect, the elephant trotting lurward with ponderous feet. Thu goal was at last readied, bill when the doors of paradise were ajar, the mau slippud in leaving the elephant behind to his grief aud disappointment. Of course, iu IboBU enlightened political days iu Australia when we have such great aud trustworthy parties as Liberal uud Labor, there is no such thing as leaving the elector out iu tho cold Certainly not! Talking about honesty. A Hobart lawyer was rcceiviug change over the eountor iu a local bu>iuuss place the other day when, be observed that 1 lie mau behind the counter had given him )>/- too much ia change. “ You have given me M/- too much,” said the lawyer. Tho man behind the couulcr was thunderstruck whuthor at the eircumstauee that he could make such a bloomer as giving •V* too much in change, or whether at the circumstance, extraordinary though it perhaps may be that a lawyer had of his own free will intimated that lie, the lawyer, was receiving too much. A recount of the change proved that the mau behind the counter bad made a mistake, and as he returned the 3/- to the till he warmly dilated on tbe honesty of the lawyer. “ Ah!” said the latter, “ you have had experience of at least one honest, lawyer.” “ Yes,” replied the business mau, “ seeing is believing1” And the honest lawyer aforesaid may at any rate find consolation iu the old Scottish proverb that honesty nmy be dear bought, hut can ne’er bo au ill pennyworth. * * * * Continuing tho observations on honesty. Wc hear a good deal just now about the best policy for the country. How about trying honesty as a policy, if only by way of a change Y Perhaps tbe reasons why it is not given a turn, may be found iu tbe w?ords of a writer who knew something about politics, Disraeli I think it was, when he wrote that no man could be honest and succeed in politics. Presumably ho meant that no man could be honest in politics, aud did not mean tbe whole gamut of honesty. Anyhow', it must be admitted that most Federal politicians arc honest, if we accept the indications of their success. Apparently Shakespeare’s injunction, “ to thine ownFclf be true,” is as applicable to the Federal politicians as to anybody else, for they certainly have looked after themselves. Whether they have also looked after tho interests of their bleeding country I prefer uoi tu discuss, fur the tired feeJiug is ou ouc. April Fool’s day wae kept up laal Monday with the usual curemmiirh incidental to the occasion, us quite n uuuiber ol the inhabitants ol the city aud suburbs and other places can testily. The idea of April fools possibly arises from an ancient ndinn that the springtime was specially fruitful iu folly. There is au old French proverb which alleges that when beaus are in tlowcr fools are in full sireuglh. Seems to mo that the Uuvernmout of this State iu fixing the mouth of, cither with or without iulent prepense or aforethought, for the J Parliamentary general elect ions, were having a joke to themselves. Without doubt (hern will bo a fair number of fools about oncloctiou day who will exorcise their votes in a nmuuer which will puduco the reduction “ forgive Ibom for they know not what * they • do.” * • Hast or is at hand. It is tho season prolific of “ Didn’t know it was loaded ” pars iu the daily newspapers, when Bhootiug parlies organised by bojB and others go forth for tbo purpose of killing the wily rabbit or the feathered songster with lead, but very often vary the programme by emptying the contents of the blunderbus iufo a member of the shooting paily. Than the cry goes forth “ I didn’t kuow it wan loaded.” Perhaps Rome enterprising member ot Parliament will introduce a measure next session making it compulsory For every member of a lad’s shooting parly lo have hie head road in order to ascertain if the said head is sufficiently loaded with intelligence toonable the bearer of the head, aud incidentally of tho gnu, to know when the gnu is loaded and when it isn’t. This timely paragraph may bo the means of agitaiing the bump of caution and thus act as a life savor during the Easter holidays. . * • • Reported that there is a rnsh on the part of the ladies to amend, alter, or vary the ages given by them on the census retnrnB. The object of tbe rush is lo avoid the liability of a rather heavy fine for not having told the truth, and nothing bnt tbe trnth. 1 was always under the impression that Mr King O’Malley, Minister for Domestic Affairs, waB a cate sort of fellow, but my opinion is rather shattered in regard to the matter of the ladies ages. - There was no necessity for the Minister to make any fuss. All that was needed was lo say nothing aud quietly add 7 to tbo admitted age of every lady, and of every girl of tho age of reason, or unreason, aud lo ! tho correct age would be there or thereabouts revealed. My experience has taught me the wrinkle. Expcriontia docet. « • • • Mr Clement L. Wragge, known to fame as a prognosticator of weather happenings, has written to the press stating that if the Central Weather Bureau, Brisbane, of which he was formerly chief, had been in existence, three day’s warning at least would would have been given of the recent disastrous cyclonic disturbance oil' the north-west coast of Australia. The Brisbane bureau cost about £1,500 a year aud was devoted to the service of the whole of Australia, but the Federal Government substituted therefor a weather department of its own. Undoubtedly Wragge’s bureau appears to have been a much more economical, and perhaps more effective weather prophet business than the Federal department. W raggo had the faculty, aud still has, 1 presume, of kuowing suinu days beforehand when tho weather lutcudcd to go ou tbo jag, aud thus was able to rcudor signal service to ihosc who go down to the sea iu ships. Porhaps Wraggo’s liking for his business is probably due to tho name bostowed ou him fay his parouts, viz., Clement, aud he determined to go to the other extreme and to bu known as Inclement Wraggo. People also called him a wet Wraggo, but evou a wet rag has its uses. And now, when the calm has settled down after the terrific storm north-west of Australia, tho voice of Clement Wraggo is heard calling from the village of Chiltoru, in Victoria, that tho Fodoral weather authorities cannot soo beyond tho length of their weather uoso, and that a cyclone is ablo lo play the diekous and break things before tho aforesaid authorities are aware that it is ou the premises. • * • > That extremely useful section of the community which raises its voice shortly after sparrow-chirp in the mornings and announces “ Fish alive ’o,” doputationised the Mayor and aldermen the other morning with the request that better conditions should be brought about in relation tu tbe methods of marketing fish. Tbe hawkers allege that there is a corner ” in fish in Hobart, and that tbe hawkers don’t get a fair chance to procure either quality or quantity. Seems to mo that this matter requires the oloBe investigation of the City Fathers. The waters which lap tho shores of tho Derwent litorally team with fish, and yet citizoes have to pay through tbu nasal organ when they Btarl out to take a fish homo, unless they gel it off tho barrows or off tbo fishing smacks which now and again sell alongside the wharf. If the fish retailed by the barrow men arc, as they allege, not the height of quality which they would like, thuu tbe proper authorities should uprise and ask a question or two. Fish is a delectable breakfast item, and is warranted to add untold power to brain strength. Such being the case the matter should interest our politicians. With cheap fish tbc politicians would have no excuse fur refraining from properly equipping themselves. Gariiyowen. 