 SOURltESEARCH i CONFERENCE IN CALIFORNIA. OB$ERVATOR\TMn MELBOURNE. . fiAN 'FRANCISCO, Wednesday. Many matters of technical. Importance have transpired at the opening Session of the International Union o- Solar Research at the Carnegie Observatory in California. The Conference at fts sitting to-day expressed" Itself in favor of. establishing a solar observatory in Melbourne, and as one purpose of the Union Is the establishment of such, observatories at points of advantage all round thf earth, the announcement is apprecl 1 ated. When Mr. Clement V. W-ragge was in Hobart at the time of the solar eclipse last May a representative ot "The Daily Post'' had a -cliat with him on the -subject ot the proposed solar observatory 111 Australia. The astronomer was asked if he thought tha' the proposal would serve a useful purpose. "it is a grand thing," he answered "I .advocated it years and years ago, before it was thought of, and tliey laughed at me. Solar observationf are the main astronomical factor on which we must rely for tho forecasting of seasons —. droughts or gooi" seasons. The first thing Is the physical condition- of the sun with re spect to liis maxima and minima moods—that is sun spots. The solar periodicity or cycle from one maxima to the next maxima Is about 11 years Some people have no.suspicion otthe extent of those great vortices, like cyclones, with an energy of which we have no comprehension. These may bs up to 70,000 miles in diameter, and in which this earth with its diameter ot 7918 miles could be swamped as a little stone in a volcano. Around these sun storms, and particularly at their edge, and when the fiun Is ai Its maxima, or greatest energy.liydra :en flames CO,000 to a24,000 mile? in ength shoot out from Its surface. These hydrogen flumes ore hurling s drift or vibrations of the very etbei itself—that subtle medium that links up all that it—from the atoms and germs in the infra-universe to the giant suns In the supra-universe. this connection it must be understood that this earth and our fellow planets were hurled off from tlie sues of which the human mind can form no conception. Nine hundred million ears ago the earth was thrown, off from the sun. The earth, therefore, as well as tho other planets, are in harmony with the sun, as two harps are in harmony, or as two warships —one at Hobart and the other at Sydney—might he in communication Willi each other by means of wireless telegraphy. The earth being In harmony with the nun responds to the great solar vibrations, thus we come to the main' reason of earthquakes, tidal raves. volcanoes drought*. Every energy with which the earth is fami liar, has bec-n familiar, or ever will be familiar, is energy of its parent, the sun. A solar observatory in th&lt; clear atmosphere ot continental Australia would therefore 1io of the highest importance." "One of the things that I was going to watch this afternoon, if the eclipse had been visible,'was the corona ol the sun—that electric vibration, as wi might term It—the waves of which 'flash' out from the sun's edge for 500,000 miles. 1 also Intended to watch for the bydfogen flames -before mentioned, and for the shadow bands." 'The second point In the forecasting of seasons t! the astronomical position of the moon. The moon, during certain periods swings to a greater or lesser, extent north or south ot the equator, and this induces plus or mlnuB atmospheric tyes which can be likened to the tides of the ocean. That swing might be 2814 degrees north and 28*4 degrees south of the equator in one mouth, when It !s at its greatest swing, to 17% flegre»s north and 17% degrees smith, when it Is at its least swing. When tlie moon lias a wide swing, like the wide swing of the pendulum ot a clock. It lifts the vapors of the upper regions ot the nt.Tiosfiheru, *bere the cold air ot relatively high temperatures acts as a condense^, to theBfe vapors, consequently the rainfall Is increased, and the reverse takes place when the moon has a smali'swlng, and the rainfall falls off. The perturbations pro,, duced by the astronomical positions of ihe planets is a very complicated business, hut is also connected with the forecasting of the seasons. The greatest work in meteorology In Australia is the forecasting ot the seasons so that squatters and others may know wfien to stock their runs.  THE ROMANCE OF ATNIOS- PKERE LECTURE BY MR. WRAOGB. The popularity of 4he lectures delivered by Sir. Clement Wr.iu'S", F.Ii.G.S., was furrier evidenced last evening when ihe Town Hall was filled to its utmost seating capacity with people who went to lietr his loetin-j on ""The Iton-ance of the Atmosphere." Mr. Wrag'e dealt with lus subject. In a wonderfully entertaining stvle, and as the more technical parts of' his lecture were Interlarded witn wittv anecdotes, and explanations, tlu evening nassed oft most pleasantly. Mr. Wra'gge prefaced hia lecture by lirst explaining the wonders of meteorology and astronomy, and ill so doing lie Illustrated bis rcmirkJ by pictures project.-il from a lantern, aiid beering a precis of the subject under discussion?. Meteorology, said Mr. 'W'raEie, was of Immense value In nseerto iniiig wliar kind iof weatner would obtain, and what seasons might lie expected for nontlis and months abend. Tiie study of astronomy was nlso necessary, I'or 1 great many cases ether disturbances were caused-by the vast liydro- •n flames given efr by tht sun, and ihese disturbances and solar changes often went hand in hand. The lecturer stated that by carefully observing ibi* sun changes he bail been nbla accurately forecast weather changes. with regard to tiie astronomical features of the moon, a great mauy people had from time to time asked whether these flashes affected the weather. lie had never gone into this matter very deeply, but be bad the evidence of Mr. Ellis, of llie Greenwich Observatory, who after S years' study bad become convinced that they did not, except in low latitudes licar the equator. Dealing with the wider question of weather forecasting. Mr. Vrapge said that ballcon, kite, anfl mountain observedons were of frequent licln In solving tlie problems of the air. Even ns a sailer used bis sounding lead in the depths of the oceant so did the meteorologist have to ' sound the heavens,, as. It wer«, by his instruments. These balloons were Sited with beautifully built self-recording Instruments. Meteorology, however, demanded consistency of record, and the vagaries of floating bodies such balloons and kites must sometimes upset, calculations,' the best way to find out what was going on in the atmosphere was by means of instruments placed /on mountain tops. The Instruments working simultaneously with Instruments pluced at. sea level, could portnit an average of the atmospheric conditions to be obtained. While speaiir.g on this point, Mr. . "tVragge dilated on "the good-qualities of Mount Hen Nevis, Scotland, for tb!s class of work, and also referred to the observation stations established by him EOlr.e years ago on Mount Wellington and Mocnt Eoscinsko (New- South AVales). It-was-a popular mlscouctp- tloh to call a meteorologist "a weather prophet, and also to imagine bim to a man who relied entirely on the weather glass. In ibis instance be gave a decidedly interesting sketch of some of his own experiences deoling principally -with his work as Government Meteoi-olcgist In Queensland. He also detailed his work In connection with the Meteorological department of Queensland, and sfr.tcd that as be bad carried out ills \wk tljere, so was it carried out all ever the world. The remainder of the lecturc was profusely illustrated by means of lantern slides, explanatory of tho pnlbs of cycki-ic and anti-cyclonic systems. At tlie concl ii-ion of the lecture, Mr. Wragge exhibited specimens cf radium, and explained (lie clgin, uses and possibilities of this wonderful Mibstance. He nlso demonstrated the wonderful activity of the Alpha. Beta and Gamma r&ys.  A CHAT WITH MR. WHA-OGtr. A representative of "The Dnllr To-it" had a clii,t with Mr Wraige Vestcr- Rfterncon en the suhfeet of tho ljro|»osed solar observatory in All? trailii. The aslnnonier Wds asked If he thoiighl thai the proposal would ervc a useful puipose. "It is a grend tblug," he answeru. "1 .-Mvoeated it years and vivirs go. before It wtis thought of, and hey laughed at in=. Solar oIiMervalions are Hie mail', osliouonilciii fact in nhleli wo must rnlv for tho foiv- •."MInc of e.swis—drbnglilt or jjioiJ rontons. The lirsi thing is tli- nlivleal (,oi-.di(!on of the sua with" reject tr his aiavlma and lbinmia moods—tlial is sun spots. The ntlar periodiety. or cycle fi'-ini one tHa.vlnm o the next, maxima is about 11 years ; niuo people hi'.vc no suspicion of the Xtc-:it of lliese great vortlcep, liice cyclones, with an energy ot which we have m coniprelionMr.il. Th^so nviv lie up to Toft'Ki mil.js ill dlamete)-. ^nd whieli this eartli villi ils diameter 7JI1S iI'.Hoe coi:ld he ewnmped little stone In a volcano A-.iiind (these sun storms and particularly at Ibeir edge, and when Ihe sun Is a! liiuinia, or greatest energy, hydrogen (lames 'HiiiDO to ilit.Odi) >s in length shcot out from Us surface. These hydrogen flamos ore 'uirli-g e. drift of uhraiions of the very &lt;l.her tisolf—ll'iit fuhtle medium thai link* I'p oil ti.ut is—from tbe odors rnd genus in the Ijifr i-nniv/rSe to Ihe giant s'ln? In the supra-uriverso. ]n this cone.eetlon it Hur t lie niider^tnod that tills oa-.th and our fellow planets were hurhrl off from the sun ages ago. of wi-.ieli tile hum.',n tnlii',1 can f,iiio no conception. Nine hundred million ym-.rse airo the enrth was thrown off from the sun. The eartli, there- fore, as w.-ll t':c other planets, are in harmony wUh the sun, as two lirjjts are in liarinonv. or as .two warships —one at Hchart and the other at Sydney—might' be in eomniuiiieallon with &lt;;Eeh other by means' of wireless t •• 11'. gi'al.y. The earth heing hi lianuonv with tbe sun resnonds to th« gri-at folar vibrations. tTTfis we come to th.i "ntaiu" reason of earthquakes tidal waves, volcanoes, droughts. Kverv energy with which tho earth .is familiar, has been familiar, or otvv will be familiar, is energy of its prreiA, tlie sun. A solar observatory In ti'.o dry, clear atu'.osphere &lt;-f csntiniMitiil A'.istralin -iivuld therefore b=i of tluf fri^'.i.'-it iraporlance." '•One of Hi; things that I was go. ii&lt;;r to watch >l>ls afterncon, ir the ivli>)»e bad her-n visible ,V(is iii,. corona of the enn—that eloetrb- vibl'ylioil. as we might term it—til? waves of which "dash"' out from the sen's *dge for r.00,0110 miles. 1 also intended it-1 watch far the liydrotr&lt;'n tlnii'e« befo-e mentioned, and for ihe fhadow bnnils." "The sol ond point In th-> forecasting of sea sole- - is the iisi roiionilcal position of tho moon. Th? moon, during rortaln priiods swingi to a greater or iiSfer extent I ortu or south of tlie ciuatnr. and this Indiires plus Or minus atmospheric tlden, wb|.;h can be likened lo Ihe tld.es of the ceean. That swing might be i'2Ri (-diarj"s north ond 'JRi degj-en: south of the eqratr-r in one month, when it is at its greatest swing, to IT J degrees north and 171 degrees south, when it is at ils least swiog. When ths taoon has a wide swing, lilts the wide swi ig of the peniluhiui of a cli-.k, it ih'ts the vapors of the topper region? of the :rt tr.osphnre where :lie cold air of re- I'Kivelv high IcmpeY.-tdircs acts as a coiideiiser to ihese va'poi's, conseniieutiy the rainfall is Increased, and tli" i-eyer.w takes places when the aiocn lins a email swine, nnd the rninfal falloff. "The pertnrbatiohs prodttcei by the astronomical position* of the pbil'ls is n yen- complicated b-isinn^f,. but is also comiw-ted with tlie fore-, casting «f the feasons. The greetcst work in meteorology In Australia is the forecasting of the seasons en that f-quatlei's nnd others may know wlmn 10 stock their nms. EfTorts are being ihhde to Induce tlie Hoard of Agrlcultiire to wage water. a fly which Is floiup; namaKt- estimated to amount annually to more than £2,000,000. Tlife Insect's name is the warblfc fly, aud its ravaging effects aro felt In tlie leather industry and the mc-at trade. Warble flies lay ibeir eggs on tbe hides of atsl-. tunls, nnd wlien the chrysalis is formed it causes r.iiijt are known in the trade as warble bole;. Several bundled bjieli holes.are frequently foil nil In tine hide, and always on tbe most valuable JjhH;. The diminished value froin this- caiuse of biles of animals slaughtered in the. Polled Kingdom Is estimated Et nearly £I;OM.OOt) annually,' There Is iprobably a larger loss in beef, as the fiy prevents tattle frotii fhrlving .si-" »a—• »•• a . - 