 Stray Flaehss. '[FOR tHE GAZETTE BV J. JDMBLSS] ip^morc attention were paidto that ?gbdd sound advice quoted ? so often as proceeding; from the mouth of that fount of knowledge, Solomon, dealing with the lithe Tod and the obstreperous male juvenile! there would be far more nrolmbilitv of tile noisy ;'' JohnniV'sprouting up to be a useful citizen. Besides, -I am sure, tte young olive branch would pay more attention to the injunc tions of the trunk, and would not manifest so much aptitude for wan-. ?dering. and plungiijg into the: depths of destructive mischief oh every conceivable opportunity. For instance, one Sunday I observed ' Johnnie' in close proximity to the town shooting aimlessly with a rifle. If mother had been asked as to «'fohnnie's' where-; ebouts, it would toe found that ,the- 'apple of ; her ej* was' at Sunday school, or some such other highly desirable institution. tThat'swhere mother's trustfulness in ' Johnnie' is so strong : she always believes the boy to be where he vows he is ; and when, some day, one of the neighbors leads 'Johnnie' along and charges him with feloniously destroying property, mother i is smitten unto tears to think that her affections could be so astray. The wise Solomon must have . foreseen mother's anguish, and it was to avert this that he recommended the early playing with the stick on the most appropriate portion of the child's body. *** The editress of an Australian spiritualistic journal has the clean faced audacity to aver to the civil ised world that she has been com muning with the spirit of the late W. J. Stead. The spirit, so she affirms, is quite satisfied with the other side. Such foolishness to go on with in this eulighteued age ! If it happened iu the superstitious times of 500 years ago, when wiz ards aud witches did exist, no doubt some reliance would have been placed in the statement. Iu fact, in mediaeval periods, I doubt not but that a person daring to par take in conversation with those who have gone would suffer for the of fense at the stake. But times have changed ; and now all such frail fancies should be banished ; aud we should confine ourselves to the conversations of the living. Con versations nowadays with spirits' are rather frequent ; -but -the -spirit generally is clothed with glass, has a fiery taste, and is of an amber' color. The more you mix with it the greater the amount of talk de rived. There are innumerable devils in its depths, and if you con sume a sufficient quantity you will be gratified by seeing these imps i:i all their strange regalia with Beel zebub at their head. That is amply sufficient spirit for the dullness of these days, and when persons go delving into the Empyreal regions for other of the. species they are fac tious and have acquired much cf the sordidness cf the glutton. It . is a pity that work could not be found for these absurd persons on whom time hangs so heavy that they must go gadding and ? 'trespassing in mysterious regions to encounter distraction. Let the dead enter those places that rightly are theirs : -^If the living have aspirations of rushing their nose through before the time is ripe, muzzle them, lock them up, do anything to keep them out! ***. . .. ihe urougDty-tuuQiuoiis prevailing throughout the length and bredth of Australia is proving a very ? seri ous concern. In fact, so serious js the matter that the residents of most towns are gathering them selves together and offering up pe titions to the Great Omnipotent for a supply of water. People are now commencing to perceive that their is something solid in Professor C. Wragge's predictions. There is one grave fault attached to Aus tralians that isJikely Ji) prove their undoing in the end : they are too prone to procrastinate. If .all the water 'that fell last year — and was so ruthlessly allowed run to waste — had been conserved, people would now have known its benefit. In stead of praying for rain, they could be offering up thanksgiving for having a pleutitude of water. It is true that iu the time of plenty ,-we forget the gloomed hour of need that must pounce upon us from out of the folds of the future. Well, that hour has ccme and caught us in our unpreparecness, and we can see the evil carried iu its midst. Thousands of stock have already perished and thousands more will ere the dry time is past. It is said that once bitten', twice shy. This does not apply, to Australians. We have been 13111611 several times be fore thisr^but, we never i.shy. In deed, we forget all about it after the wound has healed, aud come back; licking our plate 'Oliver Twist-like, asking for more. The Australian is a hard chap to satkfy. It is utterly impossible to suppress him. You can deluge him with water one year, and., after the . storm blows over he is there to greet you wiih a smile.. The next year you can suiotber him . with drought. He drags through arid forgelsall about it. Again, you may freeze, burn, knock him hither and thither :n gale or cyclone,' and scafehim with earthquakV-rbtit'you wlU'-.find the individual -*att?Ulg wq^g unper turbed when. things Ws again be come normal.- sJ .s*uPl&se,, he will crawl -tbrbuglrthis. uupleasant in terval wkh'-biit a tew scratches. It is a pity, however, tli&ttli&e. peri odical drawbacks are npt cop^d ag ainst.' Tli'ey coiild'be f5|Uy7-enough. 