 A PICTURESQUE FORECAST. Mr. Clement Wragge has supplied us with the following special advice and fore cast, dated Bum, Wednesday:— Anti- cyclonic, or high, pressure is now influenc ing South Australia, and, for a time, Oie weather will improve, such conditions mak ing easterly. Yet the coasts of Victoria and New South Wales (including Sydney) will shortly experience more nasty souther lies and rough seas with further rain squalls, so let shipping and passengers by eea take heed. Within 10 days from date the antarctic disturbance named 'Ulysses' now slowly approaching the Leeawfa will affect, more or less, all southern parts of the Commonwealth. As his ugly eastern umbra advances the winds wiH set in from north-east with an increase of temperature, and shift to north-west and west, and a re newal of weird cloud-picturea and local dust-blows, followed' by more rain_ and south-westerly squalls. A new and suspi cious-looking monsoonal dsturbanee named 'Anan' is Detween Shark Bay and Java, and we by no means like the prospect in the neighbourhood of Cossack and the far north-west of Australia. The monsoon 'Tekel' will cause more disturbance and rain in Queensland, and looking at affairs ali round we expect a fine extravaganza from piping treble through dulcet alto to rolling bass within or during the period be the sweetest music. 'TJlyeses' is likely to play high jinks in Maorfland before a fort night has gone by, and also over the Tas man Sea, preceded, however, by tempor arily finer weatiher as the high pressures surge, in swinging rhythm, eastward.  . BEUGIOTJS NOTES. * [By Layman.] The Rev. Leonard T. Maund- rector of the Church of the Epiphany at Crafere, with Aldgate, is about to proceed to Eng land, in consequence of an affection os the throat.- He will be accompanied by Mrs. Maund, and will be absent for about 12 . months. Prior to the acceptance of hia- ' gresent appointment in 1909, Mr. Maund . . had been successively curate of Port Ade laide (1899-1902), locum tenens\at Qlenelg and Port 'Pine, and rector of Hjndmarsn, with Bowden. ... -.„??,'. ' The Methodjst Conference' will welcome : = this yeaf a minister from Wales .in rtha ? , person of the. Rev. Albert Edgerley, who come3 from Penatthi in the Cardiff car-, Wiit, where he has served two years. Mr. Edgerley, who -entered the ministry in . ' K.01), intends to reside in' South Australia for three years. ? ? ..??_'? -The Bishbp of Adelaide (Bight Rev; Dr. Thomas) and the ,Kev. W. Gray' (Home Mission Organizer of the Presbyterian, , Church) will ..be ,feIlqw-i)aSsehger3. to Enc-; ?iand'.on'.the R.M.S: , Ost&rley, ifrhich will leave tne Outer .Harbour on apni 4. f he Revi 6. Lake; Albert Stubbs, and l5avid S. Wylie celebrate their jubilees in the Methodist minister this ye»f. .;There are nine ministers -«nior to then an the South Australian Conference, of whom the doyen is the Rev. Joseph- Hancock, whose? ministerial career dates froml846^ - The Rev. W.S. Feafoe. of Melbourne, will conduct the harvest ..thanksgiving ser vicesflf the Kadina_ Congregational, Ghuraa °Thi ^oiiwrl Catholic feishoS of TOcay.' nil (Right Rev. Dr. Dunne) returned ^ to . , Sydney recently after a fortnight, Jit '. Plackheath. Before returning to Brobea. . Hill he will visit Goulburn; and will wit- ( ness at Melbourne the consecration cf Mqnsignor Phelan. as BiRBpp of Sale. The Rev. A. S. Devenish (Chairman , pt the Victorian Congregational Union), .w4s, . ieducated at 'Adelaade University, &mm the formative period cf 'his lifei (says he - AilStfaKah Christian World) vowed mudh ? to the late Rev W. Roby Fletcher, who left his mark upon' manjryoung nien^f ma day. 'After a short Service as a missionary ; in China, Mr. Deferiish- took, tip a, pas-, iorate'at Bendigo, where he did eicellent work for five and a half years. East Mal vert has - claimed him for the past five years, and still does bo. In addition^to ? : his- pastoral duties, his scholarship marked him out as tutor 'in the VietorjaB Congre- , gational College' in classics; philosophy, ?,.; and logic, and Tiis- literary, gifts led to his appointment as 'editor of - the V«to'na» , Independents ?? ...:.' ! ^-Church of England.— \The Rev. J. S. . Moves, 'M. A, hag ac. . cepted' the living at Prospect. He will return' from England oft April 5. The Rev. S. T. Longman,- ofPenpla, wfil take.. charge' at Mannum from July next. The Rev. W. A. Swann, B.i, late of Christ *— — ChoreVKotth Adelaide, mil enter on work is ossutattt to the list. E. H. Fernie, in the JrankEn Harbour district, in ApriL . He will be succeeded at North Adelaide by tha Bar. R. E. Freeti, il.A., from the Me lanesian Mission. The Rev. H, N. Drum ' tztond has been licensed as coiftts to Biskm 'Wilson Walkerville, who has consented to also take charge of the Enfield Church. Tht Bey. H. R. Cayalier, B.D., will be priest m charge of Mingtoa. - The Re?. H. J. AdamS will resign the charge of Ham-, ley Bridge and Mallala on May 31.— A site for a church at Calca, west coast, has been secured, and a building to cost £290 Will be erected. — Mass on Australia's Roof.— An imposing cereniony was celebrated' on Sunday last oa the summit of Mount Eos ciij^o. Fota couple of days beforehand vehicied and hoisemfin- had kept filing be yond the hotel,- which, though 5,000 ft. aboye sea level, is still over 17 miles from the ?summit. On Sunday :there were 17 motor cars, and the Cpona Hibernians , carried. in their car an Australian and an Irish flag. Several parties, . numbering over 70, had camped bvernirht. At 10.30 a-nu the Archbishop's party reaoh«l the riatfornvin front of^Mf. Wragge's observa tion .huV7,328 ft: above sea level, and were, received with enthusiastic cheere by - lather Norris and the concourse already a* sembled. The party consisted of- Arch tashop Kelly, Dr. Dwyer (BishoD of Mait find), Fathecs McDermott (St.* Patrick's , CpHegB, Manly), and O'ReiHy (CM. of St. ? Sanislaus CoDege, Bathurst). Pontifical Mass was celebrated by Bishop Dwyer in - a tent erected for the purpose1, and' hand somely decorated. The Archbishop pfesi ded. Dr. Dwyer was assisted by Father McDermott At the, end of the £;, V^. « to?fcn°HII0P wok as hi3 fact Matthew v. 1-2 ? 'And see rip tte multitude, He went uj, into a fi'iV.^J181^ recited l£?2& vthe^P°s'Jffl',«eed. which was repeated by the assembly. He then em phaazed points o£ the Christian law U'di were most « ential for the welfare of in' onAub' and of ! society, and more par . tolarly for Ausfraba; such as chastity, justice, .mutual charity, and respect for ^f,W «nf L°-f Oatjs- ;TLhese obligations could not be ignored with impunity by those who aimed at eternal life. The Divorce Court was underminine the homes ofthe, country, sappmg conjugal affection, ^ng children adrift with uncertain do rtf^68- £&* legis ators must retrace tneir steps S they would bring their laws mto harmony with that -of. the Go5Pe? Above all, the educational policy of An* trana was^unsonnd. Real, Christunity had vanEhed from the school life', and theevS ? tS,' a ^.^anm., should' be exercised, lie Archbishpp concluded by saving, 'May a blcCTng descend this mdrning from the=e 1 OTtf «w- Anstialia and alf her people, Mb that bfessmg which Patrick, from lie ? western mountains which bear h» dear ?'?'«.' 'JToked upon the Irish race. May - the.Lord be their God. may Christ be their of them their eternal home.*' Y.W.0JL ^S^A°^-^0Irte?'8 Christian ?assomiion^will hold its quadrennial con ' SSf ?*£Lnne' P14' at Siockhdlm. The gme of the conference will be 'the un folding of -tlie true place for women in ^£sfpurpc^ for the world,'' aid con^ oderafaon wifl be given to-' the place of fV1?^10 '^?rch'- e?vie- .Wme,- and indus A.W Yiw-P-A-_wiU be repreaented, and ^-W.OA. is found will be present The wodd'fl membership, is 890^00; ' ' . —First Service Memorial.— ?t£B-J?a*-aPft*u ^iK Memorial tZSSPfik m Sydne/ repbrfs £'2 in hand toward the proposed memcrial of the first ^°^-f7^e Hd ia AcstraUa. #hM bearmg on the proposed mental/ illnsl trated.by lantern slides, anJK church autboriUes at .Petersham . an^Ra^S , had feen communicated with; asking them to. arrange suable d&ei. It was antid .pated that definite steps would soon be taken in respect to the Mection anTded? aeaty of Sydney will become pKed &Bt chaphin the Rev.- Richard Johnson ttAfiaatf^0^^. -'- —Missionary as Financier— ' ? ? _The Rev. P. C. Nail, of Sydney! who is a .Baptist missionary in Eastern Bengal,', has received an bvitatioh from the Indian Go vernment to proceed to Calcutta to discuss witb toe authorities a scheme for farmers' tenfe. which he has originated among the natives of his own district with, great suc oss. Native farmers h&ve been in the past cteTRed exorbitant rates of interest which . often reach 50 per cent. Mr: Nail has so arranged with certain financial institutions tnat the.nanves can now borrow money at P ^ osJ-vwhich is regarded as low' in- terest: The authorities are anxious to see the system extended.. . Lord Carmichael (Governor of Madras, and formerly Qover '.??.-£„? Victoria) had a long conversation with Mr. Nail, and showed keen interest in the proposals to release the farmers of Ben ral.from -extortionate money lenders. Mr. £ails mission is supported by the Baptist Union of ViVlnna . —A Cornish. Peepshow.— r A contributor to The , London Record [Anglican), writing about' Cornwall: 40 years ago, tells the following capital story- —The Rev. Mark Guy Pearse, one of the most popular ministers in the ? Weileyan qonnecUon. and a Cornishman to boat, Tras- enjoying a aniet holiday1 in his native county. Attired. in, holiday, costume and ; cbvested of his white.tie, he hoped to pass on his way without recognition,- and, hav ing wandered some way into the country, he chanced upon a village Methodist anni versary. A. neighbouring brass band was performing, a- tempting feast was spread, and Mr. Pearse was, thirsty. In this re mote corner no one .will jenaw him. So uei»ys his entrance fee,- sits down at the nearest table, and begins;.to refresh him self -with tea, saffron .cake, splits and cream, and other Cornish 'oelrcacies. But alas, 'the best laid schemes 'of mice and .men gang aft a-gley.'. - A hand gently touched his shoulder, a chapel steward whispers mysteriously, *Beg pardon' maes ter, but -may I hev awurd wid 'e?1' Some way withdrawn from the crowd, with con sternation he heard, 'Baint k Mr. Mark liny Pearae?' He was invited to see the chapel, then the vestry/where the polite steward offered him 'a chair, and, before a word of protest could be uttered, the self locked m'the vestty, with the in genious steward outside announcing' to the author of DanT Quom and ffis W^ ^otions,'tlocked m the vestry, and they could an have a sight of him at.3d. a head. J.ae proceeds of the anniversary proved liighly satisfactory, end no doubt the in ' ev nn phapei detc w*3 reduced con siderably; no doubt also Mr. Pearse, on regaining his liberty, found his faith in the resourcefulness of Cornish Methodism much increased. Would the inhabitants of any other county in England pay 3d. a head merely to look in the face of a preacher whom they did not know!' — Immortality. — Harold Begbie, discussing the question of our present knowledge regardins immor tality, ui the February Pall .Mall Magazine i - . ***'* *»*?««. »c mat we aoaii ever know immortality to be the reason of exist ence in the same manner* that we know the very few quite obvious facts of human Me. It will always live in the mysterious region of, faith, never in the text books of mathematics. Most of us know that the eun docs not rise and set; we are perfectly certain, that it does not, in sp-te of the ' evidence of our eyes. Such knowledge of immortality we may certainly gain bit studv and reflection. But the human race will iiever know, I think, that it is certainly immortal as one knows that dynamite ex plodes that the heart beats, and that the pea ebbs and \flows. We shall never see immortality with human eyes, never touch it with human hands. Man lives the greater part of his physical life by faith— digestion, metabolism, nourishment and repair of the cell-tissues— and to the end of Jus days, I conjecture, lie will live the greater part of his spiritual life aiso by faith. —a lreacners Jiemonal.— Immediately after the -death of the veteran. Rev. R. S. Casely. ivho had been more than 50 years a Methodist minister tlie trustees of the Kent Tpwn Methodist Church decided to perpetuate his memorv by the erection c{ a marble tablet in the church. The work lias been admirably carried out by Mr. W. Darby of Hind'- i ? . marsh square, and the tablet has been erected, ahd will be Unveiled bf Mr, W; A. L. Casely.during the service Wbe con ducted .to-morrow evening by the Rev. F. Lade, MX. Many.old friends of the late rev, gentleman will be present. An illustration of the tablet is given herewith. —A Missionary Hero.— The death in Egypt of Dr. E. ^aynard Pain,' M.D., has caused sadhese in mis sionary and medical circles. He was the eldest son of. (he Right Rev. A. }V. Pain, D.D., Anglican Bishop of Gippsland. He was a native of New 'South Wales, and re ceived his education at Sydney University. He always showed warm eympathV with mission work, and. though he had a fine professional career before him in Australia, abandoned it in 1902 and proceeded' to Old Cairo to take up; hospital work .among the Egyptians, chjeflj' Mohammedans'. The hospital of which he had charge -Is. carried on by the Church of England Missionary Society and is one of the largest missionary hospital? in the world. Latest figures show that 25.700 out-patients are treated yearly, and 5,600 in-patient& To deal 'with such a large ^number of sick people imposed a1 tremendous strain on the staff, atii Dr. Pain did nearly twice as much work as a man would do who Considered hie. own health. Melbourne people describe him as a man. of lofty character, and an ~ ideal medical missionary, who loved his work be cause it stood for the Christianity which means caring for .one's neighbour.'' — Broadening Anglicanism.— .a movement is on loot to nave toe Angli can Church in Canada recognise the- Non- conformists -in the interests, 'of. Christian unity. Thirty Anglican clergymen have issued a circular td their brother clerics ad vocating '(a) the admission of ministers of other drarches, under certain restrictions and by 'rightful authority, to the pulpits of Anglican churches;' (b) extension of permis sion to members of other churches in good standing, oh certain occasions, to communi cate.' They base their arguments on the spirit of the Lambeth Conference d' 1908, 'tKe trumpet call' of the Edipburg5. Con ference, the ' necessity for ' missionary co operation, and the divine rebukes against religious exelusivehess. These 30 divines (says The Canadian Courier) deserve the heartv thanks of the members of their own church and of all other Protestant churches.' Christian unity is one of the greatest needs of the 'day, and up to the present the Epis copal churches have set their faces against it as resolutely as the non-Episcopal' churches have favoured it. That a change in this respect is coming is indeed glad news. ? ? v '.???? —Adelaide Diocesan Missionary ITrtes.— The Rev. JV S. Needham (superintendent of the Yarrabah Aboriginal Mission Sta tion in Queensland), in acknowledging the receipt of Christmas presents' sent from South Australia, writes:— 'As the grand -on of a South Australian clergyman it was most interesting to , me to see the parcels coming from familiar place:,. We have had'a bid time lately. Except Miss Broom we all had malaria. Nurse Jones has bad to leave. My wife and fami, y are not allowed to return. Then a cyclone wrought fearful damaee. I came back from the ho'snitalto find a devastated Yar rabah^.two boats' with a dingy lost, an other boat badly damaged, houses down, roofs off/ plantation fiat. We are thrown back greatly.' ? — A' Murray . Minister.— The rector of Mildura parish (the Rev. Noltenius) will leave Mildura shortly, and wUl be greatly missed by his -parishioners. An 'at hbme','iB to be held on March 3 in the Federal Hall, Mildura, \to afford Rev. and Mrs. Noltenius an opportunity to meet -their friends before leaving. -', ?—Presbyterian.— The British Weekly says that Mr. W. position of Moderator of the nest' General Assembly of the.- Presbyterian Church,' U.S.A.. which is to be convened at Ata laata, Ga., in May. i — Salvation' Army.— := . . Col. Cain will open the new senior and junior, mission halls in Dale street, Port Adelaide,- on Saturday afterndori:. The structures, which represent a' distinct ad vance in Salvation Army wort at ]Port Adelaide, have been completed at a cost approximately of £1,600, while the quar ters for officers will mean the expenditure' of upwards of ' £100 more. Adjutant Wyatt is in charge of the Port Adelaide district. —Australian Board of Missions.— . The Christmas festivities at the Mitchell River Mission aroused much interest u the district. Even the wild blacks were greatly excited, and had been talking of the ap proach of Christmas for two months be forehand. Several old women who came into the station for treatment of bad leg* m-ri- oJ»mtpH to he. rnnninsr bade to^Jieir camp. When questioned about it, they said they were getting ready for Christmas, so that their legs would not be so stiff. The argument is not_ cfeor, but perhaps they expected the festivities to indude- ath letic sports.yOn the last evening of the old year an entertainment was arranged by Mrs. Nash for the benefit of the Soutlf Sea Islanders, who are generally in Thursday Island in large numbers at this time, ^ome 40 or 50 were present, and a very pleasaut evening was spent from 8 to 11. lie chief amusement was provided by Mr. J. Lewis; who lent his excellent gramophone, with a fine collection of records. A good teavwas provided, and later the whole assenbly joined in singing hymns. At 11 p.m. the Vicar spoke a few words, and offered thanksgiving for past mercies and prayers for the coming year.— The Bishop of New Guineu writes truly enough \i;hen he says, 'The launch is the best doctor- we can have just now, and nothing oughi to jeopardize- our being able to keep her.' There could not be a more valuable auxi liary in the Bishop's hands, and in case of need, when local medicine and nui--ing have done their utmost, he will be able, as he himself puts it. 'to run sick people to the doctor in Samarai in a few hours.' TKe upkeep of the launch (the Whitkkk), which i.= so necessary to the work, costs about £500 a year.— An important piecQ of news is the reopening of the training school for native students ot Ganuganuana There are four students now placed under Mr Newton'? fatherly care. The time mav be remote, but the realization of the ideal expressed by Bishop Stone-Wigj on the day of his consecration long ago. 'That the Papuan Church may eventually be a na tive church, manned by a native ministry and self-supporting,' is earnestly Loped Three Baptist ministers will be fore weLeJ next week. The Rev. A. T. Brains 'Twll-rver his connection with the Tyiite Street Church, North Adelaide, and Vffl preach his fet Sunday sermon tc-morrW, prior to his departure for Wellington New &^nd- . T»« R.W. W. S. RoSngB, oT Goodwood and Richmond, wfl] leaVe on jihursdny for Ponsonby. near Auckland New Zealand; and the R6V J. G K who b about to retire from the UnW Fark Chtirjrh, on neeoimt of ill health will depart upon a trip to England. — Church Membership.— ! Tbe followinR summary of church me'nv bprship n-as presented at the Methodist Conference on Fnday morning for the in ™.at'°» » those present.— Adelaide Hill. 81o, 122; Western. 2.921, 100; Eyro's wnirona^,'51- 'i South-Eastern, 994, 130: total. 20./64: net increase. L509  JTJItE BAINS PROMISED. Mr. Wragge's Forecast. Mr. Clement Wragga haa supplied us with the following special advice and fore ca:i dated Macclesfield, June 2, 6 p.m.:— The antarctic disturbance 'Eneas,' first mentioned in our advice of -May 11, wuen he was to the westward of Kerguelen Island ran *he easting down in high lati tudes, skirtljg the high pressures like an eddy on a backwater of the Murray. Dur ing his passage he developed overlapping tongues of antarctic vapours, which were condensed into coastal rain by the anti cyclonic isobars. After rounding Cape Pil lar, and as was the case wit'n 'Anchises, ' his northern side became fused with a little tropical isobaric loop, and caused the cli max that mainly produced a renewal of floods in New Sout'n Wales, (es pecially in the ilonaro, Gwydir, Robertson, and Werriwa divisions), thu3 interfering, to an extent, with election business, and fully verifying our forecast issued on May 20 at Broken Hill. If readers will kindly refer to our long advice, published on May 13, none can say but that it has been amply verified, especially with regard to the eastern States, and shipping willbear full testimony. .The: weather chart of \May 31 is wrongly delinea ted over south-eastern Australia, and by no process of reasoning can the recent cold rains and wintry south-east gale on the Vic torian coaBt be termed 'monsoonal, espe cially as the sun is nearing the tropic of Cancer. Looking now to the future, the antarctic disturbance named 'Hector *s over the forties south from the Great Bight. As soon' as he rounds Tasma nia and Gabo, and becomes free from the influence of the land, 'Hector' will most probably develop an extension m tongue-like form down the New South Wales coast into lower latitudes. This will produce a renewal of nasty south-westerly to southerly weather, with more rain south from Trial Bay, and strong westerlies at Brisbane. The Victorian and Tasmanian coasts may also- expect another 'doing, and our warning,, is given accordingly. 'Priam' ond 'Hecuba' will follow 'Hec- tor' in course, and we haye reason to De Hnve that ere June expires, the inland districts of South Australia will experience useful intervening rains that will mainly be caused by lunar tides impelling the ant arctic disturbances. But- time proves all thinss, and we shall see! 'Hector' will affect New Zealand within 12 days, and Wellington and Cook's Straits especially will have_ cause to remember him. Thus the Dominion is hereby specially advised, and shipping cannot be too careful. —Official Notes.— The following report was issued from the Observatory at 9 P-m. on Tuesday:— Cloudy conditions prevailed throughout Tuesday at Adelaide, sad. towards evening a 'fight shower fell. Similar conditions were ex perienced throughout South Australia, but the, extreme south-east 'reported the only measurable radn. A depression passed south of the State at 4 pjn., and its in fluence locally was sDght. Barometers are rising. A few showers may be. expected on Wednesday, chiefly confined to the south and south-east.  NEWS OF THE. DAY. OXLY SCATTERED SHOWERS. Light rain was reported from Melrose and Wallaroo at 3 p.m. on Friday, and ?passing showers at Euola. Temperatures were cool to moderate, and at Adelaide reached a maximum of 64.9 deg. from a minimum of 45.3 deg. The Meteorological Department reported last night:— During the 21 hours previous to 8.30 a.m. on Fri day light and scattered' showers were re cordea over the western districts the highest amounts being 020 at White Well and 0.17 at Encla. Friday's weather chart ihovrs that the large anti-cyclone over western Australia has extended well in land over that State, while similar condi tions exist over eastern Australia. These cond.tiona have conduced to keep the dis turbance which moved towards the Bight on Thursday well down, and later reports indicate that it is being forced away 6outh wards, and at present we can expect only scattered showers in ' this State with its passage. Mr. Clement Wragge telegraphed from Wirrobara laat night:— The influence Df the disturbance 'Hecuba' will probably extend even further, north; than Hawker, and a considerable portion of. the agricul tural areas, as .before intimated, will get a refreshing rain more or less: 'Hecuba' merely retrograded waiting the opportunity to strike, and this is no new. disturbance at all. She mil affect the eastern States in - tie terms of our forecast issued last Sunday. . Remember 'Queen Dido' to fol low in July.  MR. WRAGGE AND THE WEATHER. From Clement Wragge. Ghiltern, Vic toria:— ''Just allow me bo say, in simple jtrstice, that if the Central Weather Bureau, Brisbane, had been in existence, the vote for which did not exceed £1,500' per annum, three days' warning at least would have been given of the recent cyclone off the north-west coast of Australia.'  MORE SHOWERS AHEAD. ?Cloudy to dull weather prevailed through out the settled areas oa Wednesday, with showers at places in the south and south east, reoorted the meteorological denart menfc last night. In the city the morning was damp with misty showers, which since 9 a.m. registered 0.05. The afternoon, al though cloudy, was fine. During the 24 hours ended 8.30 a.m. light rain was re corded over the central and sonthern areas, but except for 0.47 at Uraidla the falls were all under 0.20, end in most cases below 0.10. A few light and scattered showers fell over the northern agricultural areas. This morn ing's weather chart shows that the anti cyclone has now drifted well over the con tinent, its centre resting over the interior north of the Bight, while the disturbance which brought the recent rain has moved over to New Zealand. To the south of Western Australia there is evidence of an other low-pressure wave, and as this moves eastward it should bring more showers, but unless the depression develops in intensity as it approaches this State the showers wall be chieflv coastal. Mr. Clement Wragge has supplied us with the following special advice and forecast, dated Tailem Bend, June 18, 2 p.m.:— The antarctic disturbance 'King Priam' has done exactly as we ex pected, in that he brought some useful rains over the southern . portions of South Aus tralia and Victoria, and has also developed considerable energy off the eastern States arid Tasmania. He will still affect the en tire coast between Brisbane, Sydney, and the Gippsland lakes; and many a blustering rainsquall will occur over the south-eastern corner of the Commonwealth. Brisbane, however, will experience strong cutting, cold westerlies, . and all south-eastern Queensland will be similarly affected, while heavy south-westerlies to southerlies will occursbetween , the McLeay River, Sydney, Gabo, and Hobart, with more littoral rain. Then old 'Priam' will make things pipe properly over the Tasman Sea, and Welling ton and Cook's Straits especially will be bombarded by his gales. One supreme ef fort should be made without a moment's delay, to refloat tie Indrabarah. There will be no escape from 'Priam', in New Zealand, so again we sav let the Dominion look out. 'Hecuba,' his queen, follows later in his wake, and. she promises, like some others of her kind, to be a little spit fire, especially south from the fortieth pa rallel. At present she is about 700 miles south-west^rom the Leeuwin. The nor thern edge or umbra of 'Hecuba' will again unsettle the weather in southern South Australia, and, this before 10 days have gone by. Probably more rain will fall nndsr her influence 'over the agricultural areas. Yet these intervening rains, notwithstanding the rainfalls, will continue to be under ave rage in terms of our seasonal .forecast is srsed . seven years ago. Melbourne and all southern Victoria, with Tasmania, will be affected by 'Hecuba' in course. Judge between us and the present weather bureau, cood public: are we right or wrong? Truth may be veiled and go ignored and unrecog nised by unthinking humanity, but the laws that keep, glowing the supernal torch still work pn impelled by the infinite dy namo of an eternal cosmos. After 'He- cuba' comes 'Queen Dido,' now in the neighbpurhood of the Crozets, but she is not due till early in July.  Mr. Clement Wragje's Belief. PERTH, April 9. In connection with, the loss of the Koom bana, Mr. * Clement Wragga has written to a Perth.' newspaper to the effect that if a Central Weather Bureau' in Brisbane had been in existence three days' warning at least would have been given of the recent cyclone which caused the disaster.  MERRY, APRIL Mr. Wragge's Latest Brand3. Mr. dement Wragge had a spare even ing at Petersburg on April 1, and he sac down and wrote a 'special edvice and orecast.' At the time le was in the quiet of his bedroom, 'surrounded by a cy clone of papers, instruments, and litera ture, scattered all over the floor.' He determined to utilize the leisure by having a genera] look round upoa the impending weather conditions of Australasia. 'Im primis, the great antarctic disturbance named Ulysses, is about £00 miles south west from Albany. That he looks vicious ia to put it mildly. Within the 'time as signed in our forecast, published on March 27, he will influence the area of the Great. Bight, and sweep thereafter in majesty to wards the eastern States. His eastern umora is, nowgver, running a flay late, having been blocked by the western isobars of the high pressures, which acted much as the cushion of a, billiard table repela the ball. 'Ulysses' will mainly operate 'between the parallels of 37 and. 50 deg., 'but his eastern and northern edges will cause warmer weather in South Australia under winds from between - north-east,/ north, north-west, and west, with . occasional naaty local blows and foxy dust-spinnies, by which hats will go flying to leewara and opportunities occur for snapshots in the streets. These conditions will also affect Victoria, Tasmania, and southern New South Wales in turn as the disturb ance passes eastwards, and thereafter the winds will shift to south-west and south, followed in course generally by more bleak weather and rain vas the barometers begin to rise again. Sydney, and the region thence to Gabo, Hobart, and Melbourne will get another good doing before 12 days from date have elapsed, and thus ample warning is given to pasengera and ship ping. 'Ulysses' will reach New Zealand before April 15, and he ^3 expected to renew the floods on the South Island and elsewhere. Thua the Dominion is ?warned. The western half of 'Agamem non1 caused the recent deluge south from Dunedin, and the bad weather in Cook's Straits, and even yet this lastnamed dis turbance has not ceased to influence Maoriland. 'Surveying now the far north-west, the monsoon named 'Anan' . (having already caused heavy. rain and a lot of bother north from Geraldton) is still much in evi dence. Local 'willy-willies' are yet b'kely umjer his ' sway, and shipping in those parts cannot be too careful. 'Later on ?Anan' will push his way inland, and cause a renewal of muggy swelter, especially in the northern parts of South Australia, with probable electric etorms. Queensland will enjoy charming weather, and we see nothing ot present to threaten that State. 'One last dance at 'Ulysses,' because we are* immediately concerned in his advent. Remember, good people, he is coming, and; is bound to affect you more or less. Not only so. He will probably be followed by a Kitefljte, or loop, named 'Sinon,' after the perjurer of the Trojan war, with a lot of coastal rain. 'So April will witness a merry time, and those in harmony with Nature. will relish it like a mollyhawk enjoying titbits from the pantry. Pax vobispum! Let readers study Virgil and the Liad of Homer.' -Official Report.— At 9 p.m. on Wednesday the Weather Bureau reported: — The weather was again fine and cool throughout South Australia on Wednesday.) In the city the temperature was 67.1. No rain fell in South Australia or the Northern Territory. However, light and heavy rain was recorded over .the north west of Western Australia and the nor thern! goldfields of that State. In Queens land Mattered showers fell alorrn the coast and downs, and along the New South Wales coast and Blue Mountains there were some heavy gaugings. Bateman's Bay had 353, and Sydney 1.04. A large anti cyclone covers practically the whole of. Australia. The centre is over the Great Bight.'' Prospects point to continued fine weather in South Australia.  vWBUEHEB FOBEC&STING. Tflx, Wragge Critical, u ? Mr. Clement L. Wragge has supplied nfl With the following forecast and comments, issued at 10 a.m. on Saturday:— 'Well, good people of Adelaide, all your , meteo- rological troubles are going temporarily to ease off, for the beneficent Usher pres sure? are now shadowing the Bight ? and approaching this fair city. But 'Agamem non.' like the sword of Damocles, is in a sulky mood about 800 miks sooth-vest from Albany, and TMmon' is frowning off Shatk Bay. The 'skirts' of 'Proserpine' will' yet affect all regions between Cape Northumberland, Capo Pillar, and Hunter River, causing nasty, unsettled weather from' b&tween Treat and south, while Tluto/ her lord, is now raging in very terror dVer the Tasman Sea. Oh, that we had' mfrtm«H of the cables and telegraph lines! _ In the interests of our common humanity, we should instantly warn Wel lington' that the north-westerlies trill howl . through' Cook's Straits lika tearine through a famy1^ and even seismic distarb ance' is likely' in that vicinity, as a fitting accompaniment to the march of the king «f gehenmu Why 'cannot the Common wealth Weather Bureau, with its most ample 'data and wireless facilities, take the people' inbre into its confidence, and tell them, in; plain, but pleasing, language what to- Aspect? If we field the reins of power as-of 'yore, we should have a meteorological service' second to none in tie world. Bat, instead of speaking out, the existing meteorqlogfcal officials seem half afraid, like some timorous child, while the very isobars are staring them in the face, as though protesting against a policy of shilly shally and what has been. Competency they may hope, but they lack that British element called pluck, and do not seem to be able to diagnose. Great gods, just fancy! Last Saturday, March 8, Tluto' was poking his ugly snout straight ait the Weather Office from Cape Leenwin, arid yet the modest forecast for South Aua tralia,,ksued at 9 p.m. on Sunday, March 9, and so sweet and childlike in its sim plicity, was enunciated in these terms: — 'Fine but warmer; easterly winds.' The irony_ .of the thing! Throw a little Napo fconia energy into your red-tape utterances Air. Uuei, and- don t feed toe public on akiSy.and milk and wafer. Remember that Ionian lives and property are at stake, and cultivate the faculty of correct diagnosis. Therein lies your very- salva tion.. .Hatters are more* favourable over Queensland, northern South Australia, and north-western and northern New South Wales; .but. 'Proserpine'; will cause very foxy south-westerly weather in Victoria and Tasmania, especially off the coasts, moderating, however, by, Monday. 'Dimon' stall .promises to, affect the oorth-west and the Territory; -but the' season is coming when the monsoons will lessen in intensity and when anti-cyclonic pressures will taRe their place. . The ' declination of the sun is a mighty. factor, and surely tells as the weeks go by.' 