 QUEENSLAND WEATHER STATIONS. Mr. Wragge's Work. To the Editor.—Sir,—A* paragraph ap peared in a Melbourne paper of the 17th instant, which stated that Senator MaugJian had requested in the Senate that "a, more efficient system of weather warning stations should be established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast." In this connection I would as!" what has happened to the most complete chains ol observing stations, that I per sonally established there, and equipped with "the best instruments tiiat London can produce, when I was in charge ol the Queensland meteorological service ? I read further that Mr. Hunt lias "com pleted arrangements thai will make Bris bane an up-to-date meteorological sta tion, equipped with instruments specially made to suit the northern climate. Surely there is such a thing as justice in Aus tralia, and that sacred cause may | allow me to speak. Has the best ot my i life's work gone for nothing ? For 1G ! years I was head of the Queensland ; Meteorological Department, and during that time. I established as was admitted, 1 " a meteorological and weather warn- | ing system, second to none in the1 world." The Brisbane station was first class in. every respect, when I had charge, and in ignoring this, a cruel wrong has been done to nic. Is all mv work, 'faith fully done, to the last item uuder most trying circumstances, to be thus nega tived, and not a word of credit accorded in my declining years ? Storms were warned, and forecasts issued by me that were verified at 0U per cent in accuracy, and not only was this done, for Queensland, but for every part of Austral3sia, as the people will remem ber. And nil this 0n an annual vote of £1,500, as against £23,000 (I bcliere), now expended by the federal weather bureau. What do they do with the money ? The Koombana went down, and so did the Yonrala, without* a word of warning by the Commonwealth meteorologist, who a few days ago performed cruelly gro tesque experiments in Melbourne, showing how the latter steamer foundered. Hunt talks ot instruments specially suited, to the northern climate. This is mere moonshine. Standard instruments such as I employed and pcrsonallv fixed in posi tion over the whole oi Queensland, includ ing Cape York" Peninsula, and the far west, are available all the world over, and the sooner the Minister in diargc realises this, and asks a few questions, the heller it will be for -a long .suffer ing public and shipping. Let justice he done, though the heavens fall. Surely Queensland, to which I dc |-votc&lt;l the best years-ot my life, I listen to mv voice. CLEMENT WRAGGK. K.H.G.S.. F.K-, Met,. Soc., &c., ; {Lite Government Meteorologist- of j • Queensland. September 2itb, 1913.  NORTHERN METEOROLOGY, Reply to Meteorologist. To the Editor.-Sir,-Io your paper of 7th instant I read with interest a letter from the Commonwealth meteorologist. I am very sorry to see that the moat that he can do for North Queensland is to Rive them the readings from a few ooastal stations, and leave them to make any weather that suits them from the data. If the science of forecasting weather is so simple as all this why do we keep up this expen ive Meteorological Department ? If the ordinary man in the street can make his own forecast from the limited amount of data supplied by )Ir. Hunt, why do we pay £22,000 a year to keep the Meteorological Depart ment going ? Mr. Hunt said at Cairns that 44 it was impossible for him. as a human being, to tell what the elements were going to do." He admitted " that there were more men drowned between Townsville and Thursday Island than be tween Townsville and Melbourne," and yet he has not worried about sending any one to study these hurricanes ; he simply leaves it to the man in the street. Mr. Hunt states In bis letter that , ti«e service generally has improved. From your paper of the l?th instant we -can take an example of how it has improved. We read on the ICth that ships were running hack to Cairns for shelter at Now we read the forecast for the 16 th instant: At 13.30 a.m. tbe meteorologi cal office issued the forecast that beyond doubt a disturbance north-east of Cook town had recurved to the south-east and would gradually move away from the coast. Well, the shipmasters-if they ever got this-were certainly not taking much notice of it. as thev took shelter. Again we read on the J6th : " At 4.30 p.m. tbe centre of the disturbance was moving in towards the coastline, and it is certain that very heavy weather will be experienced during the . next 24 hours north of Cardwell." As may be noted from the above, by the 11.30 a.m. forecast people were assured that the storm had passed ; five hours later they were assured that it had not passed, and that they were in for a very bad time.' Weather warnings of this character are more than dangerous. Mr. Hunt said at Cairns that. the authority to take ships to sea should be taken from the captain, and rested in the resident magistrate, when hurricanes are known to exist. But who is goiog to advise the resident magistrate as to the existence I of these dangerous disturbances ? Not Mr. Hunt ; he tells us all about them when they are with us in port. Some of thd Queensland' shipmasters have done their duty to the community for 80 years, and have not made a mistake. Had tho shipmasters stayed in port every t5mo that a disturbance was predicted duiing the last two months, they would have been tied up two-thirds ol the time. The Queensland service would havo been dis organised to such an extent that the people would have been short of stores. The fruit growers would have lost their fruit, which would have been very hard, not only on the Queenslaud people, but the people in the southern States . as well. If this is "the best system that can bo devised" by Mr. Hunt for the beneOt of North' Queensland, it would be advis able for him to withdraw from operations in that locality, and leave the people to the will of providence, ?,[r. Hunt complains of the want of his torical facts Regarding the behaviour of such storms in ' the past, and claims that detailed data have been collected only since the establishment of the Com monwealth meteorological service. In 1888, Captain Switzer collected data, and the book that he wrote is in exist- ence still. He had no assistance from meteorological stations, but laboriously picked up his information from ships' logs. Seeing that the old gentleman had his daily business to attend to, it was no easy task that he set himself. But he was a man who did not consider eight hours a fair day's work for a scientist. Mr. Clement Wragge, after establishing the finest meteorological system south of the line, collected an immense amount of data relative to hurricanes. He travelled and found out for himself. He even went to sea to meet the hurricanes he had pre- dicted, and found them. He worked for the love of his science, and we reaped the benefit. If Mr. Hunt would find Clement Wra^ee and have a very Ions* talk with him, ne would acquire all the data that he is likely to require for a lon^ time. I have never met any shipmasters who have been approached by Mr. Hunt for information regarding cyclones. But if he lias any intention of doing so, I hope that they will not meet him with the same answer that he has given to the North Queensland people, and tell him to help himself. CAPTAIN IRVINE, S.S. Innaminoka. Melbourne , 23rd February. 