 A PROPHET'S PREDICT IONS. HEAT WAVES, CYCLONES AND EARTHQUAKES —N.S.W. ex change. Australasia is in for a bad time. Past disasters will pale into insignificance if the pre dictions of the latest prophet— or even a minimum of them— come to pass. And there is always a chance,that one may 1 strike it right, and establish a reputation for actual foresight. Many weather prophets have arisen in Australia of late', years, but they have been con tent at predicting for a year ahead. To Barmedman how ever, belongs the honor of pro? duoing a, prophet who has eclipsed the predictions of all the names known to Australia. Egcson, Eusse], Wragge, Hunt, and the man from Moree are not now in it. The new man is silent as to his system. ' It ; may .be as simple and as ; convincing as and aching,'corns in the act of foretelling rain. But what ever it is, neither time nor distance checks its efficacy. Isobaric. pressure, high ' level stations, kites, darometic ob servations, and the like, which are believed to figure largely in the elaboration of the fore cast of a day or so, have been overshadowed. Even Zakidl, Old Moore, and the other great predicters, have contented themselves with .hazarding.the doings of a day but the .Barmedman prophet’s predictions are enough to make the boldest of Australia’s citi zens. shiver in his shoes, Neither Mr. McGowen nor Mr Wade, nor the Egyptian plagues could promise greater disasters that Mr. H. Walsh, of (Barmedman) who writes un der date 2nd May, as follows; "During the first part of 1913 their will be great heat waves, causing many deaths, cyclonic disturbances, causing towns and and shipping to be seriously affected, and devast ing floods, causing great loss of life and property. "Droughty; conditions will rule more or ’less until 1918. Then there will be„a return ,to a succession of good seasons. There will be an earthquake in New Zealand in the year 1912; and an earthquake in Australia before 1917; and, owing to the great depression ! that is about to affect this country, free or assisted immi gration to Australia will cease in 1913. The great drought of 1912 will continue to the end of this year.” 