 Latest Telegrams. THE LEVANTING PARSON. March- 13th. - The story of the Rev. Albert Knight, formerly vicar of Christ Church, Leeds, whose supposed re- &nbsp; cent tragic death by drowning caused a sensation throughout England, but who was subsequently discovered to have left England in the companv of a Miss Fanny Grimes, was revived on Monday morning by the arrival of the steamer Port Lincoln from Lon- don, via Capetown. When the stea- mer arrived at Melbourne a crowd of reporters were in waiting on the pier. But the couple, who are tra- velling as Mr. and Mrs. King, cleverly gave the inquisitive pressmen the slip, and their present whereabouts is un- known. Their fellow passengers on the steamer speak in the hightest terms of the couple. > ¡WAR TO THE KNirE March 13th. The Suffragette sicietics in the United Kingdom have resolved hence " forth to oppose all the Government candidates for Parliamentary honors and to support -those put forward in the Labor interest. Even the non militant section of the suffragettes have begun to boycott those trades- men who haye opposed the movement for granting the vote to women One of the aims, also, is to divert to the suffragette cause donations intended for charitable and other purposes, and all sympathisers with the move- ment are being urged to withdraw all their deposits in the Post Odice Savings Bank and to reinvest the money in countries where the fran- chise is granted to women. SENSATIONAL SHOOTING ' March 13th. An extraord'nary and most sensa- tional shooting affray occur rtd in Melbourne on Tuesday Particulars to hand go to show that the fusillade toole place at the Chinese Consulat*» in William street, during the evening. It appears that after having spent the whole afternoon at the Consulate with^ the Chinese Consul, Gênerai Yung Liang Hwang, discussing mat- ters connected with his previous re- lations as Secietary at the Chinese Consulate, Thomas Jones Chía, aged 30,» suddenly drew from his porket an aitomatic pistol and fired four point blank shots at General Hwang \ Only one of the shots took effect, the bullet entering General Hwang's v artn' and finding exit at the back of the shoulder. Although extremely painful, the wound is not regarded as idangercus, and General Hwang wJl probably quickly recover Thomas Jones Chia is very well known in commercial ' and- social circles) in Mel bourne. At Ithe end of last September an announcement appeared in the press that ^Chîâ had severed h.s con- nection' witn^the Chinese Consulate ás Secretary, - sînçef When he has been. ", connected with the E E.A. & C. Tele- graph Company. Nothing- is known publicly as to the reasons for the Shooting. OPENING IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; March 13th. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; The Imperial Parliament was for- mally opened yesterday by H M. the King. The Speech, read by Premier 'Asquith, indicates a continuance of peace, and that no developments are in view that seem likely to affect the^ national peace or the safety of the Empire, the relations with all other Powers being of an amicable charac- ter. Following the opening ceremony a wild and sensational scene took pla^e «in the vicinity of Parliament Houses. As the Royal procession was leaving the building a crowd of suffragettes broke through the cordon of police 5n a sudden rush, and fpr a few (min- utes five pi the women regularlv bom- barded the King and Queen with vol- leys of printed manifestos sesttírfgi forth their grievances For a few minutes the scene was one of inde- scribable confusion, and was only en Hed by the arrest of several of the women ringleaders, who resisted vio- lently and were somewhat roughly handled. - _7-L.' VARIOUS. -;-. ^T'" -' March 13th. ,~? J At' an absolutely private meeting Vol tire" members of the N.S.W. Bar,-a -- resolution is' stated to have been car i\, ried unanimously setting out that in - . the opinion of those present the re- cent appointments of High Court Judges is not the brst that could have been made. ¡ This morning's cables state that the .Prince of Wales has been spend- ing a considerable portion of his vacation at the German Court as the Kaiser's guest. A NATIONAL CHRISTENING. &nbsp; &nbsp; March 14th. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; On Wednesday the ceremony of christening the new Federal Capital &nbsp; site was officially carried out with a &nbsp; great deal of eclat, there being a great gathering' ofv invited guests pre- sent" from far and near. The cere- mony of naming the new city was performed by Lady Denman, and the official name chosen is "Canberra " The proceedings were divided into .. three main parts-the first being the laying of the foundation stones for commencing the column, the next phase the christening ceremony, and - ' following that the banquet, with several, orations more or less bril-, ¿liant. ( .* .> . - . One of the foundation, stones was laid by the Governor-General, who was presented with a valuable mem- orial trowel as a memento of the historical, occasion; the second stone ?* was laid by the Federal Pilme Min- ister; and the third-by,the Minister "for Home Affairs ( O 'Malley). In the course of an eloquent speech delivered at the subsequent banquet King O'Malley surpassed himself m the delivery of some flowery and grandiloquent periods. He lefcrred to the dense forests of scrub now covering great part of the Fedt-ral territory annually being cleared bv the strong aid of intelligent indus- try; of the dwellers along the mighty Murray and the Murrumbidgee wh-> were gradually becoming neighbours and co-prodûcers with those «hose smiling homes were located on the far-off downs of Queensland, on the plains of Western Australia, among the charming hills of Tasmania, on the new" and fertile lands of the Northern Territory and Papua, elcet-^ era, etcetera. ROWDY ELECTION MEETINC. ^ March 14th. A very rowdy election meeting took place at Subiaco last night, when Rep. Fowler took the opportunity of replying to Senator de Largie's re- cent cnallengc that he would not dare to îepeat outside the charges recently made by him in Parliament in connec- tion with the Chinn affair. Fowler, who- had the opportunity of seeing1 copies of several of the Chinn tes- timonials, said: Of those testimonials I have criticised all contain untruth- ful misleading statements. The originals of many of these testimon- ials are not and never were in ex- istence. I am making myself re- sponsible for everything I say I repeat here and now that Chinñ is a worthless scoundrel and imposter, and, so far as the Federal Government is concerned, it has been guilty 01 a most disgraceful piece of jobbery." VARIOUS. March 14th. All the suffragettes who were ar- rested in connection with the "hold- ing up" of the Royal procession after the opening M Parliament have been sent to gaol.* In connection with the "labour heresy hunt" recently instituted on a motion of the Political Labour League, that League has now carried resolutions in favour of Carmicnacl and otner members accused of luke warmness. All the accused have thus been discharged. (?) All the legal fraternity in New South Wales ate apparently agreed to refrain from offering the usual congratulations when Messrs Powers and Piddington take their seats as Judges of the High Court GREAT GALE AND SINISTER WARNINGS. March 14th. The most disastrous gale ever ex- perienced in South Australia occurred on Wednesday night, thus fulfilling remarkably^ the prediction uttered by Clement Wragge in his lecture the previous Saturday re the approach of the cyclonic disturbance name:* "Pluto " &nbsp; The highest tides ever known were experienced at Glenelg and Henley Beach. Two yachts were driven ashore and completely broken ,up at Glenelg. The schooner Black Alba- tross, of 80 tons, was wrecked at Port Victoria. The French barque General de Souis was also driven ashore a tthe same place. A terrific sea raged in the Gulf. Clement Wragge now states that meteorologically matters are decidedly suspicious off the N W. coast of Aus- tralia, and that northward from Shark Bay will shortly be within the influ- ence of an ugly looking monsoonal disturbance, which he has named "Dimon." The shipping in all those regions is hereby warned accordingly. He believes that "Dimon" will pro- bably overlap a considerable portion of the Northern Territory and cause deluges of rain between Cossack, Dar- win, and extending perhaps as far as Barrow's Creek Severe local "willy willies" will probably be ex- perienced as the result of this dist- urbance at all these places. BALKANS WAR. March 15th. This morning's cables state th-it after some severe lighting the plight of Tuikey is now so desperate that, she has been compelled to the humili- ation of again seeking intervention. A suggestion from Turkey that the Great Powers be called upon to medi- ate has been accepted by the allied States on condition that Adrianople is immediately surrendered; that Scutari and the captured islands in the Aegean Sea be also given up; and that Tuikey finds guarantees for the payment of a substantial war indemnity. It is expected that the Bulgarian troops will march into Adrianople immediately, and that the Monte- negrins will do likewise at Scutari, the absolute preliminaiy to any re- newal of peace negotiations. THE SUFFRAGETTES. March 15th. Numbers of suffragettes have bean noticed parading the banks of the River Thames daily during the pracr tice of the 'Varsity teams for the forthcoming Oxford-Cambridge boat race. It is surmised that some fresh outiage 4s being contémplate-I Boat- men in charge of the sheds have consequently been instructed to deal surrmarily with any feminine tres- passers. ^ They have been insttucted to throw any ' suffragette intruders into the river, and incidentally to s-e&lt;» that they get a thorough fright and ducking before being hauled out again, should there be any attempt on their part to interfere with the racing craft undei their_care. mama, leaving Dr, Mawson and the six men named to spend anot-Ler year among the ice It was considered dangerous to linger longer in any - further attempt to take ti «em off. IMPERIAL NAVY. March I7th. The naval estimates for the fiscal year as piepared by the First Lord of the Admiralty, show a proposed expenditure of £46,309.300. The programme of new constructions to be undertaken during the year in- clude five great battleships, eigit light cruisers, and 16 destroyers and a number of submarines of the latent type, the total amount to be expen- ded in this construction being ,£15, -95S.5?5- It is estimated that the number of officers and men in the Imperial Navy by the end of March, 1914, will be 146,000. THE CLASSIC BOAT RACE. March 17th. Oxford has won the annual boat race, beating the Cambridge crew after what is described as the most des- perate and memorable struggle on record. The race was witnessed by large crowds, and towards conclusion of ,race the excitement was intense. RAILWAY FATALITY March 17th, A train crashed into the rear of a dray yesterday just as it was cross?-; ing the railway line near Melbourne.-* The diay was crowded with'picnics*«-.* James Neill Allison, a married man, was cut to pieces, his head and other parts of his body only being found this "morning In his panic he jumped right beneath the engine of the on- coming train. Another man was seri- ously injured; whilst 20 others had a miraculous escape, * VARIOUS. March 17th. Miss Kure, a young girl from Vic- toria, has just died in the Adelaide Hospital, whither she had been taken suffering from the effects'- of an al- leged illegal operation performed by A woman at Goodwood. This woman has been arrested. The dea\h is announced of Alex- ander Clark, a prominent officiât* in the Adelaide Education Department Prof. David warmly upholds tl.e action of Capt. Davis, the master of the Aurora, in leaving Mawson behind and devoting his energies to rescuc ing Wild's party. Speaking of the results of the Antarctic Expedition to date, he says they will be con- sidered most brilliant throughout the scientific world, especially in the col- lection of highly valuable meteoro- logical data- The Aurora will return to the Antarctic for Dr. Mawson and his companions as. soon as the summer conditions render it passible. Dr. Bevan has returned to Adel- aide. ' 4 A strong committee, representative o£ Adelaide citizens, has just been appointed to fight the referenda pro- posals'" during the. pending election. The " Glasgow Hervid publishes a sensational telegram from its Cairo correspondent to the effect that the Khedive's consort (an Austrian prin- cess) has mysteriously disappeared The Rt. Hon. Joseph Chamber- lain has presented to the Tariff Re- form League the sum of £5714 lately presented to him as a birthday gift by some of his admirers. The British Army estimate? for 1913-14 £ mount to £28,220,000 Will Thorne, M P.. has declined to attend at Stiatford, in his con- stituency, on the occasion of a State visit to that place by their Majesties the King and Queen, giving as his reason that the royal visit was not likely to mitigate the chronic pov- erty in his borough, and therefore did not interest him. Roy Taylor has won the S A. Ten» nis Championship, beating aU the Vic- torian and S A. competitors. ACQUITTED. March 15th. The last stage has been reached in \he protracted trial of Capt John Jones, matter of the ship Dimsdale, upon a charge of manslaughter arising out of that vessel's collision with and destruction of the Wonga Shoal Lighthouse on November 17 H=>t, when two keepers lost their lives. The case was concluded at the Sú- pleme Court on Thursday, after a long and patient hearing before the Chief Justice and Jury. After an hour's retirement the Jury returned a verdict of not guilty. VARIOUS. March 15 V It' has been decided by the Federal High Court, consisting of Chief Jus- tice Barton, Isaacs, and Duffy, that payments in respect of the Common- wealth land tax fcnay be deducted from taxable income in calculating tnc Slate income tax, A warrant has been issued for the arrest of Charles Heath, a shipping clerk m the employ of Permcwan Wright and Co,, carriers, of Me bouii-e It is alleged that for some time past Heath has been carrying out an ingenious and no\el jnrthod of defrauding the Customs which is stated to have yielded him over tvvo thousand pounds The fraud was only discovered by accident ANTARCTIC EXPLORATION. March 17th. The . Antarctic exploring ship Aurora arrived at Esperance Bay on Friday tnoining^and landed the mem- bers of the Mawson exploring e«. ptdition. The Secretary, Mr. Conrad Eitel, has supplied the press with a lon^ account of the Aurora's \ova~e *o the Antarctic In this it is explained ho« Dr Mawson not appearing at the Winter Hut on the dite appointed, it was decided that whilst the aurora proceeded to another rendezvous io pick up Wild and his party, six: men, j well supplied with provision?, should be left behind to institute a search for Dr. Mawson and his companions. Thfa party comprised Cecil Madigan, a South Australian Rhodes schol ir, who was appointed the leader, his comrades being R Bage, ^of Mel- bourne, A N. H. Bickerton, of Lon- don; Hodgeman, of Adelaide; Mc- Lean, of Sydney; and S. Jeffries, the wireless operator. The Aurora steamed out of Com- monwealth Bay on the 8 h February. When eight hours out the Captain received a "wireless message reading as fellows: "Have returned to main base safely. Ninniss and" Mert2 are dead Return and. pick up shore paity immediately " This message was signed by "MaWson." The ac- count gees on to say: "The action of Mawson in recalling the ship when he and the shore party were in complete safety, thus en- dangering the lives of all on the ship as well as the lives of Wild and his party will probably be criticised But Mawson has ever proved himself such a thoughtful leader that it may with confidence be anticipated that he will be able to supply a satisfactory explanation of the reasons for this action." In obedience to the message Capt. Davis eudeavoured to return, but ow- ing to 'the setting in of- a furious^ hurricane he found it impossible to .effect a landing, and it was deciùed that Mawson and the party of six men must be left ' behind, as it was feared that Wild and his party might all perish if there was any more de- lay. Eventually, however, W Id and his party were safelv taken off. and the Aurora made a' course for Tas  SMOKE NIGHT. A considerable gathering took place at the Town Hall on Saturday night last which, whilst an undoubted suc- cess, evolved some rather unexpected features for those not in "the know." Ostensibly invitations were issued by Capt. R. J. Lewis, captaini, by direc- tion of the committee, to the "first quarterly meeting and smoke night of the Darwin Rifle Club and Cable Guard." As a matter of fact, whilst retaining all the main characteristics of a smoke night, the gathering re- solved itself in great measure into a farewell demonstration in honor of H.E. the Administrator on the eve of his departure on a flying visit south. There was quite a long list of toasts and due responses, some excellent speeches were delivered, and some miserable pressmen who had come quite unprepared for such an ebulli- tion of eloquence, were placed in the tantalising situation of listening to a stream of interesting "copy" flowing past them without the power to catch and retain more than a few odd phrases in treacherous memories. The hall was nicely decorated with bunting, and quite a military air was given to the scene by the number of khaki clad figures of members of the cable guard present. Tables laden with a bounteous supply of light re- freshment, ranging from cheese to sweets and from aerated waters to "mountain dew," were scattered about over the floor of the hall. At a lar- ger table at the top end of the hall near the stage, were to be seen H E. the Administrator and his private secretary, Judge Bevan, the captain and vice-captain of the cable guard, various heads of departments, the Chairman and members of the Dis- trict Council, the President of the the N.T. Progress Association, some representatives of leading European business firms, and other guest. To attempt anything like a detailed re- port of the proceedings would occupy columns of cold type. The toast list are a fairly long one, and sandwiched in between the speeches were several capital songs and some excellently, Tendered recitations; and the Town Hall piano grew quite hilarious at times under the attistic touch of a musical magician who apparently was capable of playing almost anything at sight or from memory Incidentally during the evening the ceremony of presenting Privates Pott and White- ford, of the Cable Guard, with a gold and silver medal respectively, won during the past season's shooting, was carried out by His Excellency The toast list was opened by the loyal "The King." Then Judge Bevan proposed "The Northern Ter- ritory," coupled with the name of H.E. the Administrator. He dwelt upon the settlement's vastness, its infinite possibilities, and the danger, -as an outpost of Australia, of its pre- sent undeveloped and unsettled con- dition; on the difficulties which lay in the pathway of development and settlement; on the necessity for cour- age, patriotism, and an ungrudging obedience and devotion to duty. To build up this settlement and to make strong that which was now weak, was a great task and a grand opportunity for' the exercise of all that was best in each individual taking part in it. They might not be able to see clearly !how it was to be done, but they could best help the policy of progress,' whatever it might be, by cheerful obedience and by refraining from cap- tious criticisms. "Their's not the reason why - their's but to do and die"-if need be. It was an absolute' essential to success in any undertak- ing that there should be an unstinted loyalty to the chief. Even where differences of opinion existed, they should not question the authority but give a wholesouled and loyal obedi- ence to the commands laid upon them. Dr. Gilruth, in responding to the above toast, sketched briefly what he termed the fortuitious beginnings of .colonisation and settlement in Aus- tralia at Botany Bay and other places. The prosperity of to-day in the more temperate parts of Australia had only been rendered possible by large ex- penditures of money, and if a large expenditure had been needed in a small State like Victoria, for example, they could understand that to settle and develop this vast territory an enormous expenditure would neces- sarily be required. The picture always associated in his mind in thinking of this Territory was that of the Malayan Archipelago, with its teeming millions, stretching down to within a few hours sail of Darwin; and beyond that were the vast popu- lations,of the near East. When thev ¡regarded that picture attentively, they could better grasp the urgency of the need for settling a strong white population on this northern coast. There .were difficulties in the way There was need for courage and a spirit of patriotic self-sacrifice. For the first time in the history of the British Empire an attempt was being ¡made to settle a tropical country, with white people. Even in tropical North Queensland they had had the Kanaka to lay the foundations of the sugar industry. If cheap labour was admitted the task of developing this Territory might be made easier doubtless would be made easier. But the White Australia ideal had to be carried out. That was the national policy. The speaker went on to pay a tribute to the brave work that had already been done here by the pion- &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; eers, out back ; and to the work done by South Australia. Although she had had her hands full with her own vast territory, she had always been &nbsp; doing something or trying to do something to develop the Territory. Personally he had no time for those pessimists who were ever bewailing the impossibility of the white man doing anything in competition with the coloured man. There was a task to do and it could only be carried out by courageous patriotic efforts. The result of the present attempt lay in the lap of the future; but if Aus- tralia failed to carry out the task there were other countries ready and eager to seize the opportunity. There was no use in any man coming here unless he came imbued with the de- termination to succeed. After 12 months spent in the Territory, and after travelling over a good portion of &nbsp; it, he was more firmly convinced than ever that there was nothing either in its climate or in the quality of its soil to prevent white settlements being successfully established here. But it was all to do. They could not drive more than five miles outside of that Town Hall that evening for lack of roads. But this was the front door of Australia facing the teeming East, and its settlement and development was a vital necessity. He firmly be lieved the country was capable of sustaining a large white population. It might not be in his time or in the time of any of those present, but he was confident the Territory would yet become one of the leading coun- tries of the Australian Commonwealth and in the British Empire, and if he had not that faith he would abandon the place to-morrow. Among several other toasts was that of "The Visitors" proposed by Mr. McClennan and responded to by Mr. W. J. Barnes; the "DarwinRifle Club and Cable Guard," proposed by Mr. P. Kelsey; and "H.E. the Ad- ministrator," proposed by Capt. Lewis. In responding to this toast Dr Gilruth remarked: I thank you very much indeed for the wey in which you have drank my health. I would rather be going into the bush than taking my present journey; but I hope to return as fast as the steamer will fetch me. I will not deny that we have not always seen eye to eye I notice that several of my critics are present here this evening I do not imagine for one moment that my point of view will appeal to every- body. I quite recognise the fact that there are other people who are just as single minded as I am I do not think that I possess the whole of the wisdom of the Territory. But let me say there is nothing I love better than a good opponent and a good &nbsp; fight. I hate things to go along too smoothly; and I don't think it is good that they should do so I like to see the community taking an ac- tive interest in the work that is going forward. But where theie are two or more people who disagree there must be some one to decide, and under the conditions I am the one who has got to decide and to do that whirtr-seems in my eyes to be right and in the best interests of the country. WEDNESDArS SPECIAL WIRE. Copper £64 17s. fid. Tin{£2i2 los. ' ' Souths con , £7, Junction Norths, us. 6d. Clement Wragge, the notable meteorologist, who is at present de- livering a series of lectures in Adel- aide (and other southern capitals) for hire., said in his lecture here on Sun- day night, that a cyclonic disturbace he names "Pluto" will arrive very shortly, bringing with it a serious renewal of the recent bad weather. In Adelaide throughout the whole of yesterday an old-time "brickfiel- der" prevailed, bringing clouds of suffocating dust. The whole city was involved in a tthick cloud of dust that almost shut out the light of the sun and penetrated everywhere. The trains were delayed as a result of} the "thickness." The drift of impal- pable atoms even extended far out into the bay, causing at least one ac- cident. The steamer Dorset ran on to the ground near the Semaphore Jetty, but as she was going dead slow little damage was done and she was refloated shortly afterwards. 