 WRAGGE'S ntOPHECTS. | The weather prophets of this district, with whoso reputations the functionary controlling tho weather department of Kfttnro's administration has played skittles, may Sake some consolation from tho fact that the big gun meteor- ologist, Clement wraggr, has uaaiy 4.tissod, uot only tho bull's eye, bn'. also the whole target at which he did some long distance shooting In 1914 Csaya tho Dubbo "Dispatch"). Look ing through old files of the "Dispatch " we find that in October, 1914, he rash ly essayed to foretell the weather con ditions for a period of 10 years. 'During 1914," said Mr. "Wragge at the time stated, "the rainfall will bo under tho average. This by no means Implies that there will be no rain."On tho coptrarv, good Intervening rain will o«ur, and the last part of "this period will bo better than the first. From (the middlo of 1915 omrards the rainfall will markedly increase, and from' 1916 to 1920 inclusive the seasons will be distinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After 1920 tho roinfaH will begin &lt;to steadily fall off, and the worst part of tho next great 'under- average1 period will be lr23 and 1924» Australians will bo justified in calling that- a drought. In 1925 matters trill begin to improve, and good seasons win nrevail from 1925 to 1900." These forecasts, explained Mr. Wraggc, aro mainly based on tho physical condition of the sun with yespeot to lis iribxiina and, minima moods, moving in cycles of 11 years. Just now wo ore ncaring tho cud of tho solar minimum— or tho period wkgi the fearful cyclonic winds around tbe son, of which wo on earth hove no conception, wore leas violent. ' It wonld seem' that Mr. Wraggc's prophecies, liko dreams, must be in terpreted bv eontrarios. In other words, if Wragge e&ys it is goin? ito rain, yon may bet your bottom dollar it will be fine. As Mr. Wrasge predicted that 1918 wonld be a fat year, and failed miserably, there is reason So beliovo that, instead of a bad period being en tered on with the advent of 1920, 'the earth irill -give forth its fruits in nbun- danco, and Jupiter Plurius will be in benignant v mood. We are also iutiined to believe that if Mr. Wraggc would confine bis investigations to things mundane— as She Dsbbo weather pro jects do— instead of , straining his eves i coking for spots on the sun, he would bo a hotter weather tipster.  A Prophet's Predictions. MEAT WAVES, CYCLONES, AND 'QUAKES. Australnrin Is in for a bad time. ' Past disasters will pale into Insigni ficance if the predictions of the lat est prophet— or even a minimum of them— come to pass. And there is always a chance that one may strike It right, aod establish a reputation fur accurate foresight. Many weather prophets have arisen In Australia of lste years, but they have been content to atop at pro- dieting1 for a year ahead. To Bar- medxnan, however, belongs the honor Af producing a prophet who baB eclipsed the predictions of all tbe names known to Australia. Egsaon. Russell, wragge. Hunt, and tbo man from Moree are not now In it. Tbe new man is silent as to nls system. It may be as simple and as convincing as aching cores in the act of foretelling rain. But whatever ft is, neither time nor distance cheeks its efficacy. Isobaric pressure, high level stations, kites, barometric 1 observations, and tbe like, which are believed to figure largely in the elaboration of tbe forecast of a day or so, have been overshadowed. Even Zadkdcl, Old Moore, and tbe other great predicted, have con tented themselves with hazarding the doings of a day, but the Barmedman prophet's predictions are enough to make tbe boldest of Australia's clti- sens shiver in their shoes. Neither Mr. M'Gowen nor Mr. Wade, nor tbe Egyptian plagues, could promise greater disasters than Mr. H. Walsh, of Rarmedman, who writes under date, May 2, as follows:— "During the first part of 1913 there will be great beat waves, caus ing many deaths, cyclonic dlstmban- ecs, causing towns and shipping to be seriously an'ected, and devastating floodti, causing greut loss of life and property. "Droughty conditions will rule more or less until 1918, Then there will be a return to n succession of good seasons. There will be an earth quake in New Zealand in the year 1912; sod an earthquake in Austra lia before 1917; and, owing to the great depression that is about to affect this country, free or assisted inyaigratlon to Australia will cease in 1913. Tho great drought of 1912 will continue until the end of this year.— (Signed) H. Wulsh, the Bar medman Weather Prophet."  "BOMB? WEATHER FORECASTED. Mr. . Clement Wgg (eaya the "Auckland Weekly 'News") the following remarks on the weather: — 'Another upheaval in the nun, about -dz/HX) miles in diameter. Is approaching the centre of solar disc. Tp these ab normal conditions is . certainly attribut able the Chinese earthquake, and also earth - tremors In'New Zealand, and the Routls "African Roods. Winds on an awful scale, with gigantic tongues of hydrogen, dame around these color 1 storms in- exactly the aamo manner aa do the winds around the puny cyclones of earth, northern and southern hemis pheres respectively; and it mnit ever be.regiembered that theporth and.the suii are Inseparably linked together by the sll-peiTading wireless etheriewavea." Such affect not only our . atmosphere, but also industrial affairs and the,- Vag aries of. btunan nature at this critical time," .r 