 Northern Meteorological Station A PROPOSED SCHEME A public meeting conevened by the Mayor (Alderman R. W. McClelland), at the request of some citizens, was &nbsp; held at the Town Hall on Thursday afternoon for the purpose of consider ing the advisability of establishing a Meteorological Station for North Queensland. The Mayor was in the chair, and there were present Messrs J. Hodel, G. Gordon, B. Toll, H. R. Thomson, L. C. Woolrych, R. G. John son, J. Swan (Ingham), J. Donaldson, E Norris, C. Short, E. T. Thorp, E. Aldous, H. B. Marks, J. Woodward, R. A. Wakeford, R. L. Craddock, R. Reid, Captain R. Sunter (of the Wollowra), Dr W. B. Nisbet, and others. The Mayor briefly stated the objects of the meeting, which in view of the heavy rain falling, he thought had been well timed, and called upon Dr Nisbet to further explain the proposal. Dr Nisbet said the subject had been practically opened by the Federal Gov ernment Meteorologist (Mr Hunt), who last year visited the North in order to make inquiries into meteorological matters, and had announced that he would be pleased to meet people in terested in meteorological matters. Un fortunately he did not carry out his proposals, but passed through very hurriedly. The Cairns Chamber of Com merce got hold ot him there, and urged the necessity for a Northern branch of the Meteorological Station, but Mr Hunt said he saw no occasion for the establishment of such a station. When he returned to Townsvllle, scarcely anyone knew he was here, and he only interviewed the President of the Chamber of Commerce and the Post master. Mr Parkes, unfortunately was not so interested in the matter at the time, as he became later, and missed &nbsp; his opportunity. Since the departure of Mr Hunt, the Cairns Chamber had again brought the matter up. At that time he (the speaker), was brought into contact with practically all the officers of the boats trading alone tbe Northern coast, and he interviewed all the captains and pilots on the subject, and they were unanimously of opinion that something should be done in the direction ot establishing a meteoro logical station in the North, for the purpose of forecasting the weather in the centre of the equally belt— whether at Cairns or Townsville or elsewhere, did not matter. And there was no &nbsp; question that such a station should be established. Most of those present had had experience of these squalls, and disturbances, which were more frequent than most people imagined. Mr Wragge, in three years, in giving names to these disturbances had run the whole gamut of be Greek alpha bet and it was in that series that Sigma got its name. Since then they had the squall in which the pearling fleet was lost in the West, also Leonta, and the one in which the Yongala was lost. With the increase in population in the North, and the growth of tra velling traffic, there was a real neces sity for some action being taken. Every other tropical coast In the civi lised portions of the world had some such provision for safety. A ship cap tain had told him recently that all seamen were glad when the three dangerous months were over, and there was no doubt that the nervous strain on the captains must be great. At Mauritius they had the greatest con fidence in the station they had estab lished and at Manila the matter of weather forecasting had been brought practically to an exact science At Hong kong when the storm signals were dis played, the sampans got up their an chors and made for shelter, and even the men-of-war were glad of the warnings to make their preparations. For North Queensland, they had a beautiful out-station in New Cale donia. The federal Government had left them to their own resources, and refused to take action. That morning they had an instance of the unrelia bility of forecast from Melbourne, and the difficulty of getting warnings from there to the places likely to be affec ted. If the meteorologist centre was in the North, the time would not be occupied on the telegraph lines. He be lieved if they could establish and carry on a centre in the North this year it would force the hands of the Government in the future. He did not think there was anyone more capable than Mr Wragge of undertaking this work, and that gentleman had been communicated with, and his reply pub lished. It was a question now of ways and means. Mr Wragge detailed a scheme, in which he wanted nine sta tions equipped with instruments, at the cost of £25 each, and an office for himself and an assistant, and of course their salaries. But this proposal was too elaborate for the present year. They could not get the instruments in time, for one thing. But the Govern ment had been getting reports for &nbsp; years, and they must have the ne cessary instruments. The scheme he would propose was that Mr Wragge be invited to come over from Auck land for the 10 weeks of this season during which they might expect squalls. At £20 or £25 per week. There would also be the cables to pay for from New Caledonia, Gomen, and Fiji, which would probably cost £50 for the period. The whole scheme, he though, might be carried out for £325. But an impor tant proviso must be that they should get the land telegrams free from the Federal Government. For an office he would be willing to offer his own house. He thought Mr Wragge would be will ing to accept the position for the period of the dangerous season. Mr Marks, in connection with the remark, made concerning the Presid ent of the Chamber of Commerce, said Mr Parkes did take the opportunity, of urging the establishment of a Northern Station when Mr Hunt was in Towns ville, but Mr Hunt thought the present system was sufficient. Captain Sunter, of the steamship Wallowra, was called upon to address &nbsp; the meeting, and also took the oppor tunity of displaying a chart showing the course of a hurricane approaching the Queensland coast. He said.— The reasons why there should be a central meteorological station in Tropical Queensland are no doubt quite obvious when you consider that the hurricane cyclone originates in the tropics, passes through them full of fury, a danger to life and property, both on land, and at sea, and really does not lose its dangerous characteristics, until after its passage through the tropics. By having a properly equipped station &nbsp; either at Cairns, or Townsville, I am sure warnings could be sent out hours earlier than under the present condi tions ot weather warnings. Mr Wragge has been written to and asked if he would take charge of a station during the hurricane season, and has an swered in the affirmative. To my mind, a more able man cannot be procured in Australia, and I venture to say, Mr Wragge is perhaps amongst the lead ing meteorologists of the world to-day. His idea of getting barometer readings from places off the coast, is en excel lent one as we are all aware that hur ricanes have rushed down on to the coast from seawards, without giving very much warning of their approach, as far as barometric indications are concerned, until they have, actually reached us in a dangerous form. For instance, the Grantala left here at 4.30 p.m. without any suspicion whatever of the approach of the raging hurri cane which brought about the loss with all hands, of the fine steamer Yongala, and yet after the Grantala had only been at sea two hours, she found her self involved in this dreadful hurri cane. I feel certain that had there been a station here or elsewhere in the tro pics, with barometer readings avail &nbsp; able from places off the coast, the ap proach of this hurricane would have been traced at least in time to prevent the Grantala from going to sea, and the Yongala disaster would most likely have, bean averted. I think everyone will agree with me, when I say, that through loss of life alone, North Queensland has earned the considera tion of the Commonwealth authorities for a station in the tropics. But it ap pears the Commonwealth Meteorolo gist, Mr Hunt, has turned a deaf ear to the cry of Queensland people for a station in their midst, so it leaves but one thing for the people to do, and that is to carry out the present scheme laid before this meeting so ably by Dr. &nbsp; Nisbet. In conclusion, I must say, I admire the determined efforts of that gentleman, and only hope that they will be crowned with that sucess which this noble cause deserves. For my &nbsp; part, I am prepared to place myself at the disposal of any committee that may be formed, to help in this impor tant matter, for I can assure you gen tlemen, that, unless something is done, disasters will happen again, for which we will be very sorry. I would here like to quote Henry Piddington, one of the grand old masters of the law of storms. He says, 'As a mere ques tion of humanity then, we claim on this the highest ground, the support of all, whether sailors, or landsmen. As a scientific question we are certain of the aid of men of science, in every quarter of the globe; and as one of mere pecuniary calculation we may boldly say that merchants, ship owners, underwriters, and sailors themselves, must be wilfully blind and deaf to their plainest interests when they do not encourage the researches relating to storms.' Mr G. Gordon said there was no doubt the establishment of such a sta- tion would be an important thing for North Queensland, more especially for the shipping interests. It was late now, but if they formed an active com mittee, they might be able to get some thing done. &nbsp; &nbsp; Mr J. Donaldson also supported the scheme, and said the sooner, they got under weigh the better. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Mr Woolrych said they were all fully seized with the importance of the proposal, but of course, it was a ques tion of money, and he would like to ask Dr Nisbet if he had any scheme for raising this. &nbsp; Dr Nisbet said the matter was ur gent and anything that was done would have to be done without delay. He would suggest that a committee be formed, and they go right on with the scheme. He would suggest that the shipping companies might he asked to subscribe sums to some extent com mensurate with their interests, and the marine insurance companies be asked. Then there was also a source from which they might also obtain some help— he referred -to the Yongala Relief Fund, which had some £700 to its cre dit. The sufferers by the disaster had been relieved, and the original cause for the fund had ceased to exist. If the trustees of the fund would agree they could give substantial assistance, and with moderate subscriptions from the shipping companies and insurance companies they might have the money required within seven days. If Mr Wragge agreed to accept, they could then insist on the Federal Government supplying them with the free tele grams. Mr H. B. Marks was appointed Sec &nbsp; retary, and the following committee was then appointed:— Messrs C. Short, L. C. Woolrych, R Aldous, G. H. Moore, J. Donaldson, and the Mayor (ex officio). &nbsp; Mr R. A. Wakeford expressed plea sure at the scheme being put in hand. It was a matter of peculiar interest to all coastal towns between Mackay and Cooktown, and he thought the committee should get into direct touch with the municipal councils of these places, and ask for donations. With the small sum required there should not be much difficulty in raising it. This concluded the business of the meeting. A meeting of the committee wae held directly after the public meeting, when the question of finances was gone into. It was decided first of all to cable to Mr Wragge in New Zealand, asking if he would accept certain terms offered, and the reply is now awaited. So far as the financial position is concerned, it is understood the trus tees of the Yongala Relief Fund have consented to contribute £100, provided the balance of the money is raised.  TOWNSVILLE DAILY BULLETM. ? PUBLISHED PAII-T. ? FRIDAY, OCTOBER 10, MU. An escort of three constables iitt by the Marloo last night in charge of seven lunatics for Qoodna. Of these, six were males, and one a female. The bitter was in charge of a nurse. Two trains, carrying approximately 1600 persons, were dispatched from Townsville yesterday to Margaret Creek, in connection with the Friendly Societies' annual picnic. A meeting of members of the Paint ers' branch of the A.W.U. was held on Thursday evening, which was well at tended. It was decided to request a cooferenec with the employers on the matter of wages. The sittings of the Circuit Court at Cloncurry, open on Wednesday, before Mr Acting Justice Jameson. There arc no criminal cases set down, and the only business In the Civil Jurisdiction is a divorce matter. Tbe two ends of the Adelaide Co.'i Bbed on the Jetty were stacked almost celling high with Lower Burdekin sugar on Thursday, and further trucks were being unloaded. Altoge ther there 1b about M0 tone In t-ie Bhed awaiting shipment. The work of widening the Eastern Jetty la being poshed on by the Harbor Board Engineer (Mr Stein), and excellent progress Is being made. The new roadway now extends as far as the Howard Smith Oo.'s shed, each week's work showing an appreciable addition. Patrick Joseph McKee made nla rourth appearance at the Police Court on Thursday, before Mr T. A. Ferry, Acting P.M., charged with drunkenness, and was lined £1 or seven days. A prohibition order was also Issued aealnst tbe same defendant. David Henry Waterfield, for drunkenness, waa convicted and discharged. The town waa exceptionally quiet on Thursday, all shops being closed, and business suspended on the occasion of Friendly Societies Day. There were very few people in the streets, but on the Strand there ware a number of family picnic parties, with numbers uf ycungsiera disporting th:in-Al«cs on tbe sands. The MoBsman Central Mill ftnls'.ied opuatlona for tbe season yesterday. The Mourllyai» Mill, !t ts fti-.cted will conclude on 21th Octobeer. Mack nade Mill (Herbert River), will be next, finishing about the end of Nov ember. All the other Northern nulls, It is exported, will continue until the end of the year. Tbe Townsville Hallway has been extended from Cloncurry to Quamby, a distance of 28 miles N chains. The distance (rom Townaville to Quamby Is about 610 mites. Construction la pro ceeding, and will be completed to about 42 miles from Cloncurry about the end of the year. Tbe objective Is Mount Cuthbert about 76 miles from 'Cloncurry. This extension Is tapping the copper and oattle country. Mr S. E. Green, Sydney manager for the Pacific Commercial Co. la a passenger by the Changaha now in port on a flying visit to Manila. Speaking of the facilities ot the port, Mr Green remarked that aa regarded the ship ping of frozen meat with the refrige rated can coming right to the ship's side, Townsville was far ahead of some of the larger Southern ports, Including Sydney. Operations In connection with the erection ot a garden frontage on the Flinders Street aide of the new Ball way Station are now in hand, and the various stacks of material uaed by the tradesmen aro in course ot re moval preparatory to the filling In ot the space. The Dtparunsnt ia also undertaking the improvements to tbe lane leading towards the creek past the Great Northern Hotel Big pro gress has been made throughout the building, and the roofing of the plat form span la practically halt comple ted. B. Nixon, aged about 80, an em ployee ot the Harbor Board, when riding home on a bicycle from his work on Wednesday evening about six o'clock, wss the victim of a painful accident near the Crown Hotel, South Townavtlle. A horse attached to a sulky, who appeared to be In a frac tious mood, swerved as Nixon was passing him, and a collision occurred, the shaft of the sulky piercing Nixon's thigh. Inflicting a severe wound. The Ambulance attended, and after ren dering first aid conveyed the Injured man to the hospital. In a recent issue, when dealing with Mr Wragge's criticisms on the Queens land weather bureau, We expressed the opinion that the weather observers did their work well but that its value was reduced by the lack of publicity given to weather news by the Telegraph De partment. We are glad to say that Mr Hunt has now recommended that, with the concurrence of the Postal authori ties, a system of more frequently inter changing observations between all the coastal ports from Rockhampton to Thursday Island be inaugurated dur ing the cyclone season, and it was pro posed to have these data posted up for public information at the several ports on charts specially supplied by the de partment. That is a sensible decision to make and should prove of great value. From January 1 to March 31, between Rockhampton and Thursday Island news of any suspicious indication in the weather should have absolute prefer ence in telegraphic transmission.  Townsville Harbor Board. MONTHLT MEETING. The monthly meeting of the Towns ville Harbor Board was held at the Board's office on Thursday afternoon. There were present— Messrs G. Gordon (chairman), B. Toll. J. Cummins, G. Harrop, 3. Hodel, A. Ogden, S. M. Hopkins, Hon. E, H. T. Plant, and the secretary (Mr V. J. Lalor). Apologies were received from Messrs R. L. Crad dock and W. L. Chapman. The chairman. In opening, referred to the vacancy on the Board caused by the death of Mr J. A. Benjamin, antt said It would 111 become the Board it they 013 not on the first occasion take the opportunity of acknowledging the services rendered by the deceased gentleman. He moved that a minute to that effect be entered In the Board's rcords, and a letter of condolence sent to the family. Seconded by Mr Hodel and carried. A letter from the Treasury, suggest ing the appointment of an engineer, was called for by Mr Ogdcn. The Ch&riman said before that letter was read he thought In the interests of the Board it should be considered first in committee. Furthermore, there was another letter bearing on the mat ter from Mr Stein: In this be stated that he had not had time to prepare a reply to the report, which appeared to reflect upon him, and desired time to do so, and also consult his solicitor. Mr Hodel said In these circumstances he thought It was only right that the engineer should be ^iven time to reply. Mr Cummins: And then both letters can be read together. Mr Toll moved that the matter be held over and referred to the Finance Committee. The Chairman sail it would be better for the full Board to deal with It. Hon. E. H. T. Plant asked would It be held over till the next meeting. The Chairman said he might call a special meeting of the Board. Mr Ogden said he had no wish to be harsh. The engineer had asked for time, and he would be-willing to grant the request. But he would point out that they had done everything up to this juncture straightforwardly, and had taken account of no one's feel Ings. If there was one prominent fea ture throughout the discussion It was that people's feelings had not been re garded much. But still he was not one to push a nun into a corner, and if there was a defence he, as an Austra lian, would certainly give a man every chance. Mr Cummins: I thought you were an Irishman. Mr Ogden said there was a bit of an Irishman In him, some distance back. He only pointed out that until now there had not been much consid eration shown for people's feelings In the taattor. . The Chairman said the reason of his suggestion was that this was aJlnai letter from the Department after hear ing Mr Bernays's report, but seeing there was a fact stated which the Board's officer wished to refute, ho thought it only fair to adjourn the consideration of It. On the motion of the Hon. E. H. T. Plant and Mr Toll, it was decided that the letfer be held over and the matter nf calling a. special meeting be left In the ohairman's hands. A letter was received from the Engi neer for Harbors and Rivers, request Ing further information before replying to a letter re the proposed concrete pier, and asking if the Board could allocate {2«,M0 per annum for two years from Kb revenue from the pro posed work, or was the procuring of loan money the only way possible? The Chairman said the letter had been referred to the Works Committee, but the Department had apparently not nailed for a reply, as a further letter had been received ataUng that the Board's borrowing' power would be ex tended. The following letter was also re ceived from the Treasury:— 'With re ference to the clerk's letter of the 22nd ultimo to the Engineer for Har bors and mvers, relating to extra berthing accommodation proposed to be constructed by the TownBVllle Har bor Board, I have the honor, by di rection, to Inform you that a Bill will be Introduced during the next Parlia mentary session Increasing the Board's borrowing power to enable it to borrow Funds to defray the cost of the scheme suggested by Mr Cullen, and that In the meantime a loan will be granted For the purpose, when required, for the available amount which the Board Is empowered to borrow.' The Under-Secretory of the Depart ment of Public Lands wrote as fol 'ows:— 'Referring to your letter of Mrd ultimo, inquiring whether It could be ltranged to allow your Board to pur chase the whole of the land comprised In allotments 18 to 22 of the reserve for railway purposes, In one block, con tingent on the Board agreeing to al low the Railway Department's siding on the land to remain as long as re quired, I have the honor to Inform you that the matter of selling the part of the reserve on the east side of the rail way line Is being held over at the re quest of the Railway Department, which may require the land for rail way purposes.' This referred to blocks alongside the Board's pumping station. The Chairman said the Railway De partment had told them It was In the hands of the Lands Department, and now the Utter Btated that the matter was being held over because the land might be required for railway purposes. Mr Ogden said at the late Local Authorities' Conference they, had learned that all pork lands could be resumed by the Government. But It would be unfair It, after the Board had put pumping Improvements on the land. It should be subject to resump tion. The Chairman suggested that another letter might be written to the Depart ment asking how they could protect their Improvements on the land. ?5 ,- ??+ Tc wa* dj»IB»a. that the matter be Wi -In the «*lrmin'« handn. The *eneral secretary of the Mer chant Service Guild , of Australasia wrote u follows:— 'For the purpose of altering, Axing and determining the.1 terms of 'employment of masters and offlcers throughout the shipping Indus try of the Commonwealth. I am direc ted to advise you that nnder Instruc tions from its members (same of whom are In your employ), the Guild has re solved to moke the attached claim ' upon yon and other -employers with a request that you will enter into an un dertaking to observe ^the terms of the clftiir from the 1st Instant onwards. I am further dlrecetd to notify you that the Guild will be pleased to meet you, or any representative body of employ ers In conference, and should you not see your way to conform to the termB | of the claim, or be unable to. meet the j representatives of the Guild In con ference, I- am to ask yon to notify me whether or not you agree to the Presi dent of the Commonwealth Court of j Conciliation and Arbitration hearing and determining the matter upon the application of the Guild.' The Chairman stated that there was a very long log of-wages attached, of which only two points affected the Board. The Clerk sold the only two classes in the Board's employ Interested were the tug tnasten and dredge masters. In the dredges the masters would be entitled to £26. per month, plus over time at 8b 64 per hour for work over eurht hours. ' In reply to a question by the chair man, the clerk stated that there were two BhlftB of Bine hours for which they were paid for eight hours. Mr Dffdea said they were face to face with men who had got an award from the Court. The Chairman Bald they had not cot their award yet Mr Ogden suggested that a reply be sent that the Board would fall In with what they might secure. The Chairman pointed out that for one of the new ships on the coast the log would mean £79 per month for the captain, with 10s per hour overtime. Mr Ogden said he was glad the waterside workers 'were not the only ones asking for increases. He would suggest that they should reply that they would fall In with the decision of the Court. A Member: We will have to. The Chairman: Not necessarily; the Full Court sometimes upsets those things. He thought It would be better not to reply at all at present. Mr Ogden: Well, so long as we do not throw ourselves athwart them In the matter. The dlscuBBlon then dropped. A letter was received from the secre tary of the Townsville Meteorological Bureau (Mr H. B. Marks), reporting what was being done by that body, and asking if the Board would contribute towards the object of establishing a meteorological station in North Queens land during the cyclone season. The Chairman said he regretted the matter had fallen through for the pre- sent season. Hon. E. H. T- Plant said the object was a laudable one, and if it was within their power he thought, the Board would be justified in allocating a sum of money towards this object. It was for the benefit of the shipping and people connected with the northern trade routes. He thought the Board should push the matter, if they could. He would move that a letter be sent to the Federal authorities in Melbourne strongly advocating the establishment of a station. And, If it was in the province of the Board he thought they would be justified in offering another £100 towards the object. Mr Ogden seconded the motion, pointing out that they already had the wireless station established here, which was the complement of a complete equipment for a meteorological station. Mr Toll thought It was purely a mat- ter for the Federal Government. He thought they should strongly urge upon the Government that an officer be ap pointed here. He would like to see Mr Wragge come here, but still thought it was the duty of the Australian Parlia- ment to protect these coasts. The motion moved by the Hon. E. H. T. Plant, that a letter be sent to the Federal authorities strongly urging the establishment of a bureau in Towns- ville, and stating that the Board would be In favor of contributing to the cost of such bureau, was then put and Car ried. The Townsville Steam Laundry Co. wrote applying for a lease of the allot ment adjoining the laundry. The Chairman said the Laundry Co. wanted the ground for drying purposes. They would not be able to erect any building without the consent of the Board. - . Referred to the Works Committee. The manager of the South British Insurance Co. wrote expressing appre ciation of Mr Stein's successful work in raising the lighter Torpedo, and making sow recommendation! as to the surrey aa« repair of the vessel. Left In the Hones of the otutirmon. The manager of the Australian Steamships Ltd. wrote asking when the sheds on the Jetty were removed that extensions. of Met at each end of the shed be made, these additions to , be closed on the weather side, but open on the Side nearest the ships. Mr Toll Moved that the matter be referred to the engineer to prepare estimates and report to the Finance Committee. Mr Hodel said the engineer enouia see *he Company and ttnd out what they want, ana then' rtport to the Works Committee. Mr Toll aceebted the amendment, which was carried. The manager of the Adelaide Co. wrote stating that the Kadlna had been delayed on account of the partial strike of waterside workers In south ern ports, and therefore asked the sus pension of their coal contract until the vessel arrived. This was agreed to. FINANCE COMMITTEE'S REPORT. A special meeting of the Finance Committee was held at 1.80 p.m. on Friday, Mrd January, to arrange the flnal payment to be made to Messrs Brand and Drybrough In connection with contract for repairs to dredger 'Crocodile.' The clerk was authorised to forward a cheque for £1M 10s «d, being balance due after deducting from amount claimed, the following Items viz: tM in connection with boiler stools, £15 renewal of chafing pieces in -well, £9 10s for we ot crane,' and « for wire slings install ing ladder. £106 in respect ot ex cess weight of ladder, and £U claim for use ot planking, trestles, etc., dis allowed, making the total sum paid on account of contract work £7168 8s, and extras £M20 12s (d, in all £10.789 On 6d. The Adelaide Company's letter of the 7th January, asking that the charge for hire of the salvage pump for the steamer 'Tasman' be reduced, see ing that it wot not used, was con sidered. It was resolved to report that the committee could not recom mend any reduction In the price agreed upon, vie, 176. The members present at the meeting were Messrs Gordon, Craddock, Chapman, and Hopkins. The ordinary monthly meeting of the committee was held at 11 a.m. on Tuesday, Wth Instant Messrs Gordon, Hopkins and Cummins being present Accounts amounting to £IS20 16s Id were examined, and are recommended for payment Disbursements amount Ing to £6515 »s Cd are recommended for confirmation, making the total ex penditure during the month of Jan uary fil2T Is. Including the sum ot [1611 Us Cd, authorised at lust meet- , Ing. I liookstall, Jetty Wharf: Messrs | Wlllmrtt and Son having notified that they old not desire to renew their tenancy of this building, which ex pires on the tlfit March, It wax re solved that tenders be Invited for lease of same. Proposed extension of Borrowing Powers: It Is recommended that the Treasurer be asked when amending ; the Act dealing with this matter, to increase the limit of borrowing pow ers from £350.000 to £500,000. Quotations for Timber: The follow ing quotations were received for cer tain timbers, as under, required in connection with the Board's works:— 8260 super feet oltii Oregon decking to sketch: Rooiyya Ltd. £131 12s, H. Mackenzie Ltd. £129 18b 9d. Saxton and ninriR £121 ISs 9d, Langdon and Lang don 1114 9b 4d. J160 super feet It x 3 dressed Oregon planking: H. McKenzle I-td. £40 10b.. Rooneys Ltd. £»2 12s, Langdon and Ljngdon {32 8s, Saxton nnd Blnns £81 Mb 6d. I960 Duper feet of lOln x Sin Ironbark: H. McKenzle £J» Is, Lanrdon and Longdon £89 18s 8d. Ronneyf Ltd. .£3! 10s. Saxton and Blnns £84 ]0s lOd. Allen Taylor & Co. £81 15s 7d. The acceptance Is recommended of Mnssrs Langdon and Langdon's tender for ( x 3 Oregon, Rooneys Ltd. for IS x 3 Oregon, and Allen Taylor*-* for Iron bark. In connection with the Pnlle* MaeHH. rate's letter or the 7th mat., concerning Jie quarry employees' appeal to the In lustrlol Court for Increased wages and reduction of working hours, It was ar ranged that the Chairman, should ap pear to represent the Board when the evidence li being taken. Mr Hodel said In leasing the news paper stall they should be perfectly clear that the building was not In the road of the rails. The Chairman said they had a pro vision In the lease for that Mr Ogden said In the tenders could they not give some benefit to the local firms, when ihe prices were so near. The Chairman said they had given a preference in the increase. The report was adopted. WORKS COMMITTEE REPORT. A meeting of the Works Committee was held at 2.S0 p.m. on Thursday, Jan uary 22, at which Messrs G. Gordon (chairman), B. Toll. R, L. Craddock, W. L. Chanmnn T ttm).i «..j *._ ? Hon. E. H. T. Plant were present. The application of the Waterside Workers' Federation dated December M. for the erection of a shelter shed at the Jetty, referred to this Commit tee with power to act, was considered, and It was resolved to hold the matter over pending the completion of the widening of the Eastern breakwater. Tenders, as under, were received tot painting the Board's offices (two coats) authorised at last meeting. vii.:C. Sills S ?? w S00' W7' °- Cum« «S »B, W. Hebb £68 10b, r. Neelssen £E8 6s, T. Turton £54, George Lear H9. The low eat tender, namely that of Mr G. Lear was accepted. ^^' For the supply of 1400 casks of ce ment- required In connection with the breakwater extension work, the fol lowing tenders were received, vi«.: Thos. Brown and sons, 'Hercules' brand Ms »a per cask, delivered at the Board's shed; Allen and Sora. 'Al- sen.' and 'Kocmos' brands, 12s M per cask, exclusive of har bor dues and wharfage charges, equal to 13s td per cask. Including these charge); Burns, Phllp and Co, 'An- chor' brand, 12s -d per cask, excluding harbor dues and wharfage, equivalent to Us If such charges are added. Ii was resolved to accept the lowest tinder, that of Burns, Phllp and Co. Mr Uor don did not vote on this matter. The letter dated 2nd January re ceived from the Engineer for har bors and Rivers with reference to pro. posed No. 2 pier, was dlscusaed. »nii » ?was resolved to recommend that a re 'If *? IS' that the Board °°uW not allocate £26,000 per annum for two years to carry out the work, and preferred to have the borrowing powers extended to provide for It FOREMAN'S PROGRESS REPORT The following Is a Bummary of the work carried out during , the past month. Dredging: The Cleveland Bay, after having a new «et of buckets placed on her Udder, continued her wortc ot widening by HE feet, the swing basin In the outer harbor and advanced '-a distance of 192 feet dredging to Kfr. Lw.o.at, the material raised - being ?tiff clay and sandstone. The quantity dredged was 59,215 cubic yards hopper measurement at a cost of £1077 16a Id, or an average of 4.IC pence Dor cubic yard. This vessel also had a new ladder hoisting wire rove off dur ing the month, as the other wag worn out Before the end of the present month the dredge will have arrived at the site of the proposed new 660ft. and 90ft p)er, and I would suggest that the work be discontinues' ? at this point until the plans of the .pier have been prepared, and that -the dredge take m- the w Honing of the approach channel from the beads, by lMft. as shown In yellow color on the progress plan. Resolute: This vessel, which Is ta the hands ot the repairing staff, has to have a new funnel, smoke box and housing over the boiler, and as ' the boiler, although passed by Mr Weir, would require extensive repairs' next year, I decided to lift It out of the vessel and repair it now, thus saving the expense of again pulling the hous ing to pieoes when the vessel oomes up for survey belt year. 'Barges Nos. 1 and 2: The carpen ters are at work taking oft the belt Ing, which, along with angle Irons, has to be renewed. Crocodile: Good progress is now be ing made with this vessel as per Mr BonduurVi resort Jetty /Wharf: The work of replacing the three-fender piles, recently bro ken by shipping, Is well In hand. A. new office has been erected for the gatekeepers, and the work of shifting the sates and Harbor Master's office will be taken In hand In a few days. Widening the Breakwater: During January' the rough bank was run out a distance of 276 feet, and should be finished about the end of the present month, when a start will be made get ting the outer batter made 2t to i, and also -with formation of the road-way. The new stone crushing plant Is now working, and the metal being tarred for the roadway. ' Water Supply: The new pump - has been Installed, and tbe tin. main laid to Junction with tbe Bin. at the outer end of the Pilot Hill, t am awaiting the arrival of some pipe fittings to complete this work. The quantity ot water supplied to shipping was I76,MV gallons. The balance-sheet for the year jrU presented, and It was ordered that It He on the table for the next month. ' On the motion of Messrs Hodel -ind Toll It was decided that the chairman be the returning officer for the extras ordinary election and also for the an nual election in June. -? Mr Ogden at last meeting had given notice of the following motion:— 'That It Is desirable to Institute a dual man agement Jn. connection with the Board's works by which the mechanical section shall be kept separate.' When the mo: tion was called on Mr Ogdea sold he would like to see It held over. He wanted to be quite fair, and as they hod already, held over certain corres pondence In connection with tbe engi neer's position,' he thought It advisable to let this motion stand over. He would certainly have to say things which' would look like prejudicing Mr Bttni's case. It might not be Us (the ?peaker't) privilege to come back to tbe mwunp. on he hod to face an election the next day, but would oak leave to poitnone the motion. Seconded by Mr HodeJ-sB.a ?carried. Mr Ogden suggeitiril; that, when the Board hod the crusher working they might provide metal for a porflon ot the road near tho Jetty. In reply to tho Hon; E. H. T. Plant, the Chairman stated that the new gas buoy for the fairway had been ordered by the Government, but there was no news as to the date of arrival. In reply to Mr Cummins, the Chair man said that Judgment was reserved In th» law suit between the Board and the Ecolllsh Shire Line. -The position was that the Shire Company had en tered a defence that they had not con trol of the vessel when the damage waB done. The Board then applied to the Full Court as demurrer to argue that that was not a defence, and when that wae settled It would practically settle the case. . This concluded the business of 'the meeting.  INNISFAIL NOTES. (For the 'N. Q. Register.') INNISFAIL, January 27. General. uist week weather conditions were very much disturbed. On the Thursday and Friday we'had very heavy rains, but not sufficiently to cause much alarm, tut on the second day our river came down with very great force! In dtcatlng that a large amount of rain had fallen In the Hinterland. In con sequence residents generally were very much afraid' that they were going to have a repetition of' the big January flood of last year. However, on Satur day morning, we- noticed that' the fresh had exhausted itself, and that the river presented Its normal appearance. The -big rush of waters affected the North JohWone branch, with the re milt that four or five spans ot the bridge .from Goondl to Darajl were car ried away. This bridge was erected by the (2.8.R. Company for the purpose of getting cane over from the Darajl aide, and to renew same will mean a bit expenditure, by the company. The s.s. Muriel was tied up at the Goondl sugar wharf, but - when the fresh came down It .was so strong that It carried away, all her lines, and Captain Campbell decided to proceed down the river and make an anchorage near Bamuuf Island, On Friday, Saturday and. Sunday the ftood waters were ovor the OobndH wharf. Owing to their eub. sldtnce, the Muriel was enabled to load m full cargo of -sugar from Goondl Mill, and leases to-night with same for Calms for 'transhipment to Brli liane. '. '— .r ? ,The Tully arrived from Townsville this morning, and the captain advises that hi experienced very stormy wea ther otl - bis trip up. The consistent Lass o'Qowrle, which usually put* in an appearance at daylight on Sunday, did not arrive -until after » a.m. For the next two months we must expect disturbed weather conditions, and it is pleasing to note that the Townsville people are making efforts to secure the services of Mr C. L. Wragge as meteo rologist. At present we are like the man who locked his stable door after the horse was stolen. What we want is forewarning, and as far as our com munity is concerned, greater confidence would be felt it we knew that Mr Wragge was watching the vagaries of the elements, and would give us timely notice of any cyclonic or flood visi tations, thus enabling us to make pro vision to protect ourselves. This really Is a matter for the Fede ral Government but our experiences In North Queensland are no matter which party Is In power we get no considera tion whatever, and all we have to do ui pay our taxes and grin and bear it At si special meeting of the Johnstone Shire Council, Mr C. E. M. Graham was elected Chairman 'until the first meeting of the new Council. Mr Gra bam .has proved himself a nut rate reprsaujotattre, and so doubt at Uu meeting of the new Council he will be selected for the ensuing year. On Friday next. 30th Inst, a general meeting or subscribers to the School of Arts will take place; it is to be hoped there will be a good roll up. The elec tion of officers and the financial state ment will be dealt with. On Wednesday last Mr Bert Jones met with a very painful accident; l.e was driving his delivery van along Rankln-street; the cart was heavily loaded with short wood, and on top of it was a bag of maize. Owing to the cart getting Into a rut the bag moved, and endeavoring to secure It, Jones fell from tbe cart, with the result that he sustained a fracture of the arm above the wrist. Dr. Willis attended to the injury, and now Jones Is on a fair way to recovery. What might have resulted In a ser ious accident but fortunately owing to ' Driver Woolf getting his engine under control, was presented. This par ticular night the train was rather late, and for some unexplained reason the points near Howard Smith's whirr were open, with the consequence that Instead of the engine running on the main line past Chapman's sawmill, it was diverted Into Howard Smiths Com pany's shed, with the result that half tbe building was pulled down. As it happened on this particular night, there were an unusual number cf children and lady passengers. They experienced a severe shock, but for tunately no one was Injured. The annual meeting of the subscri- bers to the Innlsfail Hospital took place last week. The newly elected secretary. Mr M. J. Nolan, explained he could not Eive a. proper statement of affairs, hb he had very few documents to uulde him; he really had to rely on the bank book. At the beginning of lost year the Hospital, according to his figures, had a credit of £132, and during ihe year £1461 6s was received; this left n credit balance at the end of the year of £180 17s 4d. It was shown at the meeting at that date the Horpltol was In credit to the extent of £286 lCs lod; this can hardly be correct, as It Is cencrally understood that the hospital funds are on the other side of the ledger. However, as Messrs. King and Job -fire being appointed as auditors, they no doubt will go into matters and get a balance-sheet Issued. At the meeting, Mr L. J. DufTy was clectod vice-president; Mr R. G. Dalrymple. treasurer; and Messrs J. A. Menries, H. Parry. T. Car*}-, C. E. M. Graham, W. J. Gilbert, and J. H. Payne. Ow- ing to a technicality, the chairman ruled that Mr Frank Shaw's nomlna- tlon as chairman was Informal, llke jwise the nominations of Messrs Mo Donald, Stephens, and Reid as com mitteemen. It was Interesting to no- ? tlce that subscribers are taking alt .' Interest in hospital affairs. It it, how- ?'? ever, to be deplored that elfotiM* ' should be carried out on a psrtT^W-1' political basis; the whole of the oom munlty should be unanimous In worlF* ing for the welfare of this fine insti tution. When, however, banking com panies and other Arms who have con tinually subscribed to hospital funds are debarred from any voting power ' by their representatives It may tend to prevent them sabBCribtng la the Mrs E. Barclay left last week o»V4ir holiday trip In the North. Mr C. J. Boulter is now In town on Departmental business. ? Mr Prank Armstrong left Uurtibi(fcr day for Townsville. ' ' --V: Mr E. Barclay, representative of tnr' j Goondl Cane Growers, leaves for Calrni ? ! to-morrow to attend a Sugar Qrowtta* Conference. Mr w. Beckett (Ingham), Is visit Ing Innlsfail. : Miss Garbutt. Townsvllle, is visiting Innlsfnll, and is the guest of her tort* ther, Mr Bert Garbutt Mrs Pcarce (Goondl), has returned after spending some time in Towbs ville. Mr O. Randall* arrived to-day ftom Townfivllle. Mrs Prank Armstrong arrived. .to-day, after spending three months in Syd ney. Mr Armstrong went to Towmndlsj to meet her. Masters W. Shaw and A. Stltt leave on Thursday for South to attend school. A little girl had been very naughty, eo her mother told her she must bar* no pudding for dinner. Later, th* others ate a nice Jam pudding, whlls the culprit received only bread ana butter. 'Now, Kitty,' said her mouir, I nt the end of the meal, 'say grano' '?? Kitty obeyed. Closing her eyes aost'^ folding her hands, she said, with -m- nasls, 'For what they have reo»lv«dL , may they be truly thankful.' i ?- -.' ?  'Correspondence. WEATHER WARNING STATIONS. (To the Editor.) Sir,— A paragraph appeared In a Melbourne paper of the 17lh Inst, which stated that Senntor Maughan had requested in the Senate that 'a more efficient system of weather warning stations should *be estab lished in the cyclonic areas along the I Queensland coast. In this connection I would ask: What' has happened to the most complete chains of observing stations that I persinally established there, and equipped with the best in- struments that London can produce, when I was In charge of the Queens land Meteorological service? I read further that Mr Hunt has completed arrangement! that will make Brisbane an up-to-date meteorological station equipped with Instruments specially made to suit the Northern climate.' Surely there is such a thiong as justice in Australia, and In that sacred cause pray allow me to speak. Has the best of my life's work gone for nothing? For 16 years I was head of the Queens land Meteorological Department, and during that time I established, as the Hon. Robert Philp freely admitted, 'a meteorological and weather warning system second to none In the world.' The Brisbane station was first-class in every respect when I had charge, and in ignoring this a cruel wrong has been done to me. Is all my work In Queensland — faithfully done to the last Item — to be thus negatived and not a word of credit accorded? Storms were warned and forecasts issued by me that were verified to 95 per cent. In accuracy and r.ot only wan thin done for Queensland, but for every part of Australasia as the people will remember. And all this on an annual vote of £1500 as against £22,000, I be lieve, now expended by the Federal Weather Bureau. Great Goodness! what do they do with the money? The Koombana went down and so did the Yongala without. It appears, a word of warning by tbe Commonwealth Me teorologist, who, a few days ago, per formed grotesque experiments In Melbourne showing how the latter steamer foundered. Mr Hunt talks of Instruments specially suited to the northern climate. This is mere moon shine. Standard Instruments such as I employed and personally fixed In position over the whole of Queensland, Including Cape Cork Peninsula and the far west, are available all the world over and the sooner the Minis ter In charge realises this and asks a few questions the better It will be for a long-suffering public and ship- ping. Let justice be done, though the heavens fall. I guarantee that If I were resident at either Rockhampton, Mac kay, Bowen, Townsville, or Cairns during the hurricane season with my own private Instruments — not a storm should slip through my finger, with out most ample warning being given and I am very decidedly of opinion that In existing circumstances a special Weather Bureau should be estab lished in North Queensland, say at Townsville or Cairns, entirely lndepen- dent of Commonwealth control, and the sooner It is done the better Surely Queensland will listen to my vpoice! — Yours, etc., CLEMENT WRAGGE, F.B.Q.S. F. R.Met. So., etc. Late Government Meteorologist of Queensland), Federal Palace Hotel, Melbourne Sep enber 24. [Unquestionably tho weather war- ings are not as satisfactory as they were 15 years ago, largely because the control of both services has been trans ferred to the Commonwealth. In State days all North Queensland ralnfalls were displayed dally at the telegraphic offices at the various ports, and such Inland centres as Charters Towers, Ravenswood, Hughenden, Winton, Cloncurry, etc. Now all rainfalls have to be sent to Brisbane, and are not wired north except at press rates. In the cyclonic season the telegraph ofllclals, who are observers, communicate with Brisbane only, and as the telegraph lines are then generally mixed up, delay In the warnings Is caused. Red tape largely smothers the undoubted value of the weather observations. Sometimes a. night forecast is issued from Brisbane for the next day in urgent cases. What is wanted is that weather observers between Mackay and Cooktown should be urged to communicate direct with telegraphic and newspaper offices on the North east coast when suspicious or ominous indications are noted. The information would get prompt publicity even if it did dodge Brisbane tape and sealing wax. Public anxiety Is so great up north during weather disturbances that newspapers are only too keen to make the Information public by means of extras and otherwise. In our opin ion the weather observations are satis factory, but the means for publicity are defective. It is only fair, however, to the Meteorological Department to men tion, that the Yongala had barely cleared Flat Top when telegraphic ad vice was received at Mackay of the big disturbance northwards. Last year to, in the Cairns cyclone the shipping was fully warned by the department of the danger of going out to sea — Ed, T.D.B]  Weather in Townsville. CAPTAIX RHODES' STATISTICS Itn are Indeb'.nd lo Captain Rhodes. Harbormaster, for Interesting* official dftslls at to Town, vlllc weather tor the last 45 years. In the appended table It WIM tut noticed lhat durjnr ih« *' the yesr. There has only been one absolutely dry -May. h dry June*. IS dry Julys and August, 13 dry 8eitem ben, aae dry November and one dry December. Th» tBble of averaj-e falls Aua*ust 0.11 Itiolt Is ill' driest month. Of all the rain ivhlcli has fallen In the last 43 years. 24.61 per cant, or a February, and only 1.13 per cent In Particular? of r-Jnfall at TownFvllle ? Total fall tage Aver- wlcb Month. years, total, fait. mm. Jar.u-try . m.a ~.Jl ll.M — Fabruary .. UI.C7 ua 12.19 — March ? 3Sf» )?-s SCI - April ? 1TUI TS5 S.«9 — May ? «0' IT! 1 J.-i 1 June ? 6I.SC :.7J 1.39 r. July ? 3-Si ???' 0.8! 1? AuKiut .... :;.-] m tei i: Rcptembcr 29U 1.1: O.CC 1! October .... !*t- t.EI lli c Xovembrr 71 6:. 1.2; 1X1 1 December ..:-(-* 11.04 b 45 1 The fall In -S years was £229.43 Inch, and the aversi. A»M. A very Intereatlnff liat, alBD provided by Csrtaln Ithodes is thai appearing bc'oir giving the official Ust of nrea thcr disturbances In Toirnavllle since its;. The Srst recorded iras In 16CT. This waa a very strong gal'. The lat. Fred Hamilton was nailing a sheet or Iron on hi. verandah in Denham-street gust lifted the verandah roof off and after an erratic courae 4he^ roof with Mr Homllion still on top landed on a vacant allotment. In the 1IT0 cyclone Ihe Black Prince went ashore and her re-i-alKi ran still be ma at rrry low tide on the beach north of the Sea View Hotel. In thin blow Captain Major was got up later and the corner (now arltknmin and Richardson's) wan pur chaaru Dy nis menu [or a emeu sum. Captain Major had serious thoughts cf building an hotel where 4b. Queen's Park Hotel now In. In the North Ward. as all the traffic went over Ihe hill, but be finally decided on the Fllndera-slreet In Fllnaera-atreet so cloaely for value. Captain Major subaequently aold th. corntr to air John McDonald (or 06,000. He also acquired the cor ner opposite McKlmtnln'a for a small sum, and his heirs sold It for a tflg price three yesrs afo. The 1890 blow, which la deaerlbed as the centre vu a.1 th-» Pilm Islands, where the leaves were blown off the tree.i. This disturbance lasted from 7 p.m. Sunday till S p.m. Monday, and there wns heavy rain. A butcher's cart driver was drowned In attempting to croaa the dtpreasRm near the Mun dlngburra school, and when Joaeph Vldullcb. a boat builder, whoae work shop waa oppoalte the Uetropole Hotel. South Townsville, was washed out to sea at S pjnu while endaavor Ing to nave Ills property. 11 was thought the last had been aeen of him. Vldu lich. however, waa a splendid swimmer, he went with the flood hair-way lo the Fairway Buoy and undressed hlm .nd landed on th. beach opposite worse for Ills six hour*' battle with wind and wave. Sigma was the first of nur upto from ftaturday until 4 a.m. nn Monday. Mr Wragge had warned the shipping water. The ships, however., dragged their anehora. One lighter was cswl on the beach under the IMlut Station, and tb' llarroo nearly mounted the break but ii was the lrrr:n.- rain which did neitlblllly of e.ett;ns things dry. In I.eonln the b&r&mpf^r ffll morn lent lhan 'Sigma.' Had II laxtcd as lontr a« the Sigma gale did Towmvllle wciili] havo been hulf destroyed. Tli galr commencing Its severity about II a.m. reached Us highest at 1 p.m. and Mn Hie law or overage we are obonl an long a* tmm Ihe illack Prlnc* mate Hist tile 'b:owi' bntwn ihu-e rr deitruc'tlve claraclcr  TownsvllU Chamber of Commerce, THE MONTHLY MEETING. The monthly meeting of the Townn ville Chamber of Commerce was liolu at the Town Hall on Wednesday after noon. There were present: M»ssre. J. N. ParkeB (President), R. A. Cameron, C. R. Wodehouse, Martin, J. Cummins. G. Gordon, R. Gard, P. F.' Rowland, L. C. Woolrych, T. E. Thorpe, J. J. Fann ing, and the Secretary (Mr H. B. Marks). An apology for absence was received from Mr W. L. Chapman. A letter was received from the Sel wyn Progress Association, asking the support of the Chamber in getting a through train run from Townsvllle, and giving a suggested lime-table. The Secretary said the Traffic Man ager said this would still mean run ning the train In the dark. The matter was left in the Presl The Secretary of the Haughton River Farmers' Association wrote advocating the erection of a shed where goodB by rail for farmers could be left In safety. The Secretary reported that the General Traffic Manager said thlB mat ter had already* been referred to the Department. The matter was left in the Presi dent's hands. ' The Cairns Chamber of Commerce forwarded a letter which had been sent to the Postmaster-General ask ing for Improved telephonic facilities, and the erection of a wireless station at Cairns, and asklnpr the Townsvllle Chamber's support In the matter. The President said, In company with Mr Foley. M.L.A., he had interviewed' the authorities In Brisbane as to the wireless (station being used in the case of the lines being. down, and was Informed that there was no reason why this should not be done. Mr Gordon said the wireless station here had been practically hung up for somo time, as their despatching machine was in Cooktown. They could receive messages, but not send them. Any that were sent had to go to Cook town and be despatched from there. Recently his firm had to wire Thursday Island to gel Into communication with - The President said he was not aware of that fact. They should have a complete service here. Mr Gordon said he understood they required a despatching machine at Cooktown, and It had been thought better to send the one from here. It was decided that the President make Inquiries from the Postmaster, and If necessary, communicate with the Department. A letter was received from the Clon curry Chamber of Commerce, point ing out that whilst week-end tickets were Issued to people within 100 miles of the coast, those outside that area were excluded, and asking the Cham ber's assistance in having this re medied. The Secretary reported that this had been brought about by a regulation lately altered, but the General Trafflc Manager said If it was brought before him he would refer it to the Commis The matter was left in the hands of the Chairman. * With regard to the question of the |mail service over Harvey's Range, the President stated that only n. formal acknowledgment had yet been recel |ved from the Department. As the let ter waB only despatched in January, It was decided to hold the matter over till next meeting. A letter was received from the Post master-General's Department, In reply to the Chamber's application for the establishment of suburban offices In Townsvllle, pointing out that the de livery service had now been Improved, and with the postal pillar boxes, the reasonable requirement* were being fulfilled. Mr Rowland said the deliveries were better lately at North Ward. Bit It would be a great convenience It th» boxes could be cleared at a guaran-, teed and later hour, tt was little use clearing the boxes at 4 o'clock, but if they could be cleared at 6.30, and the letters catch the mall. It would be a great improvement. The President undertook to make In quiries and lay the matter before the Postmaster. Hon. R.' Phllp wrote stating that he had Interviewed the Prime Minister (Mr Cook), and Messrs Kelly and Wynne, members of the Federal Minis try, whilst In Melbourne, and they had promised that during the montbe. of January, February (4$ March, the earliest intelligence as to weather con ditions would be posted at the tele graph offices at each Northern port. The President said be had spoken1 to Mr Phllp on this matter, and that gentleman had done all he could. Since he (the speaker) had been away he understood that action had been taken by a body here In regard to the estab lishment of a Northern Meteorological Station. Mr Woolrych stated that a commit tee had been formed with that object, as the result of a public meeting held here. They had approached Mr Wragge with an offer, but he could not com* this year. Then they wrote to the Postmaster-General, and got very little satisfaction from him. They had approached him again with a request* that during the cyclone months, an officer of the Department should be sent up, and arrangements made for supplying him with all information, and let him Issue warnings of distur bances. The Committee had not had any reply to that. Tn the letter they had stated that if then wac any ad ditional expense Incurred by sending the officer, they would lie willing to contribute something towards that ad altlonal expense. Mr Gordon stated that the Harbor Board -isd decided that 'the movement should be supported and had also of fered to contribute to the cost, If neces sary. The President said complaints had been made that forecasts which were received at » o'clock were not posted up at the Post Office until late In the afternoon. This was a serious thing, as the people were entitled to the beet Information at the earliest possible mo ment Mr Woolrych said he understood the messages, came In, code through the telegraph office, and had to be sent -to the Pilot Station to be interpreted, and they were then telephoned back to the Post Office. Sometimes he understood the message came at * o'clock, and did not appear on the Post Office board, until 2.M. It was decided that the matter be' brought before the Postmaster with a request that the messages be posted as early as possible. The Secretary of the Associated Chambers of Commerce of the Com monwealth wrote notifying that the an nual meeting would be held at Perth In May, and asking to.be supplied with the name of the delegate of the Chamber. It was decided to ask Mr T. A. Ams den, director for Burns. Philp and Co., Ltd., at Fremantle,- and an old North erner, to represent the Chamber ?The President drew attention to the remark made by the Premier (Hon. D. F. Denham), In London, as to Bris oane being the first port In Australia for vessels via Panama. It was decided to write to the Acting Wemler In Brisbane, pointing out that Townsville's position mado this port nearer than Brisbane. The President stated that Mr Blalne h. »£hT mc7httnt' ™« » town, and he had Invited him to attend the meet ing, but he unfortunately had been unable to come. Mr Blaine had laid before him a suggestion in connection with the Bowen and Townsvllle rail way eervlce. in thlB it was suggested that the train from Ayr to Townsvllle on Monday bo delayed to allow the Bowen train to connect with It. giving Bowen passengers an opportunity to arrive at Townsvllle on Monday, do their business, and return on Thurs day's train. Mr Woolrych pointed out that would mean the 4yr people being delayed un til the evening, instead of arriving on Monday morning, and they would be up in arms. It was decided that the matter be referred to a sub-committee consisting Parkes08'8' Woolrych' G«n«on and This concluded the business of the A schoolmaster relates that when he was one day about to punish a small boy, the miscreant, evidently recalling an experience at the dentlBt's, ex claimed, 'Please, sir, may I have gasT'  TIIE NORTH-WEST CYCLONE ? (To the Editor.) Sir,— Just allow me to say in atmele #«'« '« 'the CentriweiuS Bureau. Brisbane, hod been la exist mce-Lhe annual vote for which dia not exceed fisnn *»«? «?*_.._ _?*.. — - — ' *™.a «--uuuin— ??Hires* days' wanKiur et least wouM hav' beer. i given of the recent cyclone off ths it& °°a*t °' AustT-ula- Voura, fhii ELEMENT L. -WRAGGE. ChUtern, Victoria. March ».  I CORRESPONDENCE. I OCX.O.VE WAn.VINGa I CTo Inr lldlion W. P. VANCE. Harrlne. Mnr.-I. 2J. Ililh. mm- It.nlifall (ylone was received, a; innUtail or Colrne— VA )  PROPOSED NORTHERN WEATHER BUREAU. MR. CLEMENT L. WRAGGE'S VIEWS. During the visit of the Federal Me teorologist (Mr Hunt). to North Queensland some months ago, for the expressed purpose of inquiring into cyclonic records, the matter of estab lishing a North Queensland branch of the Weather Bureau within the cy- clonic belt was urged upon him here and at Cairns. but more especially at the last-named place, where a Cham- ber of Commerce deputation waited on him and brought some strong arguments to bear in support of the proposal. Since his departure repre sentations have been made by letter by the Townsville Chamber, but with no effect, and the scheme has been definitely turned down by the Depart ment, principally upon the score of expense. That the proposal has the support of Northern residents gener ally there can scarcely be a doubt, and some there are who are so fully con- vinced of the benefit and necessity of the establishment of a bureau during the cyclone months, that despite the discouragement of Federal adminis tration, they are still moving in the matter, and believe that it is of suffi cent importance to warrant action be ing taken by the residents, even at some sacrifice and expense. Promin ent amongst these in Townsville is Dr. W. B. Nisbet. His duties as Quarantine Officer bringing him into contact with the captains and pilots of the overseas vessels, as well as the coasting steamers, Dr. Nisbet has had opportunities during the' past few months of bearing the views of sea sea-faring men, and without exception &nbsp; the necessity for a Northern bureau is acknowledged and supported. And amongst the ship captains. Captain G. Irvine, of the Innamincka, is inter esting himself most keenly. When It became evident that there was no hope from the Federal authorities, the ques tion of endeavoring to establish a bu- reau during the summer months by means of subscriptions and donations from citizens and public bodies inter ested was mooted, and some inquiries as to initial costs was made, with the result that a very interesting letter has now been received from Mr Cle- ment Wragge, whose fame as a me teorologist has been established throughout Australia, and who, it is considered, would be the most suitable man for the position. Whilst the Innamincka was in port on Saturday a 'T.D. Bulletin' repre sentative visited the vessel, when Cap- tain Irvine, in the course of a chat, produced the letter setting forth Mr Wragge's estimates and views. From &nbsp; this it will be seen that the sum re- &nbsp; quired would be about £1000. The let ter, which was addressed to Captain Irvine, was dated from Auckland, 5th December, and read as follows: — 'I value ever so much your kind let ter of November 10th, which reached me after a long delay, and I am glad to know that my arduous work in Queensland of years ago is at least appreciated by my friends of the ship- ping community and others, and es pecially in North Queensland. I will Just say here that before my weather bureau was disbanded by Government everything in connection therewith, es pecially re the warning of hurricanes, was first-class working almost with the precision as of a 'chronometer.' Furthermore, I will say without a mo- ment's hesitatlon, and in strict jus- tice to myself, that, had I been in of fice, ample warning would have been given of the storms that wrecked the Yongala and Koombana, with others. It is a matter of correct diagnosis of the isobars and the faculty of reason- ing the thing out from the winds, clouds, barometric figures and other elements. Knowing that the founda- tions that I so faithfully and truly laid for the weather signal service have within the last 10 years been ne- gatived continues to be a very sore point with me, inasmuch as utterly apart from every personal considera- tion, I loyally devoted the best years of my life in every minute detail to the service of Queensland and Aus tralasia generally, and I regarded my stations as so many 'pet babies,' which I was destined to lose. Without be- ing egotistical, I know, my power full well In this matter, and that no one at present in these States can ade quately take my place. As matters now stand, I recommend that an en- tirely independent weather signal ser vice should be established along the coasts of Central and North Queens land. There should be at least nine stations ln the region indicated, and to equip these properly would cost about £25 each. In addition, arrange ments would most certainly have to be made with the French and Pacific cable companies whereby cypher mes sages could be received at the head office— say at Townsvilles or Cairns— from the stations at Gomen, Noumea, Norfolk Islands, and Suva. With re spect to observers at the Queensland belt of stations some remineration should be given to each observer, the amount to be decided by those who organise the new service (unless, of course, any enthusiastic volunteers should come forward). Furthermore, a code telegrams, formulae for which are in my possession, would have to pass to and from the head office with respect to the new stations, and as the telegraphs are a Federal concern these would havs to be paid for. Probably less than £1 per day would cover this item. An assistant would be necessary for clerical work at a salary at the rate of say £200 a year. I suppose that the new service would operate only during the hurricane months, say from December to April inclusive. With re spect to myself, I must be perfectly straightforward. Since my weather bureau was disbanded scientific lectur- ing and writing have been my means of living, and this is still so. At present I am engaged to commence a new lecture-tour, opening in Hobart on Feb- ruary 14th next, from thence It is pro posed to travel, via South Australia, to lecture in Western Australia, pass ing round the North Coast and lectur- ing through North Queensland between June and October next. Also I have acquired interests in New Zealand which require my presence there for at least three months out of the twelve. Thus I prefer to leave the financial as- pect of my own case to the considera tion of my many friends In North Queensland, so as to hear what they propose. Excluding myself from the estimates already given, you will be enabled to formulate a decision as to what the whole thing will cost, not losing sight of the fact that the finan- cial proposals entirely cover the hurri cane months only. In conclusion, I would again say how heartily I appre- ciate your communication, and the ef- forts of Dr. Nlsbet and my other friends, to whom please, as opportunity offers, convey my kindest remem- brances. The necessary instruments, apart from my own private outfit, which I have here and sufficient for one station only, would have to be ob tained from London, and if necessary a cable could be sent for them to the makers with whom I used to deal ln days gone by. With best wishes, yours sincerely,— Clement L. Wragge, late Go- vernment Meteorologist of Queens land.' Captain Irvine, whose experience with the Innamincka in the Cairns hurri cane last year, will be fresh in the memory of everyone, and whose con duct was the subject of the warmest enconiums from the passengers on that occasion, had some interesting things to say in connection with the necessity for such a Bureau. 'The first question is,' he remarked, 'can we raise £1000? People are ready enough to come down with their money when a disaster has occurred, but will they be ready to do so beforehand, and as a method of insurance against such disasters? Per sonally, I think the best thing would be to form a committee here or in Cairns, or in both places, to work it up. I have no doubt that numbers of people would be willing to subscribe, but there must first be some authorised source to receive donations. It must be remembered that this is not for the benefit of the North simply. It will be for the benefit of everybody from Thursday Island to Melbourne. Prac tically all the crews of the coastal ves sels are from Sydney and Melbourne, where their families reside, so it is not a local question. In another sense, however, it will be a local question for the North. When the Panama Canal opens these Northern ports will be the nearest to America by that route. But sea captains will not care to bring their ships into the narrow waters .be tween the coast and the reef, within the hurricane belt, when they know there is no meteorological station here to warn them of coming disturbances. A hurricane when one has sea room is a much less dangerous experience &nbsp; than one in confined waters. And the sea captains have a big say in these matters, as they are the eyes and the ears of the owners. They would na- turally prefer to give North Queens land a wide berth and make for a southern port outside the disturbed belt. And this, I believe; Is the only such coast In the world which Is .lot protected by the establishment of a weather bureau. 'It is up to the North to put forth their best exertions and get some such bureau established. Of course, people only recollect the years in which some great disaster has been caused, at in tervals, probably, of several years, but every season there are several of these disturbances which strike somewhere. The coastal ships are getting bigger every year, and the numbers of the crew increasing. For instance I have 60 on this ship, and there are many larger on the coast. And It is worth while doing something, to protect the lives of so many.' Dr. Nisbet, speaking on the same subject, warmly supported the views of Captain Irvine. Speaking of Mr Wragge's letter, which he had seen, Dr. Nisbet said it would appear that nearly £1000 would be required. As the Federal Government would do nothing, he thought the people of the North should take the question up. The probable sources of revenue, he thought, should be subscriptions by the general public, shipping companies, marine and insu-. ance companies, and a grant from the State Government. It would, he thought, be only necessary to provide for one hurricane season, for in after years, when it had once been shown that the citizens were prepared to put their hands in their pockets to obtain the protection they desired, the Fede- ral Government would be prepared to take action. He had spoken to num bers of people- who were convinced of the necessity of the establishment of the bureau. The Chambers of Com merce both at Cairns and Townsville had shown themselves to be in favor. He thought it would be advisable to get a public meeting, and form a com mittee to get the scheme moving here and in Cairns, and at other centres, leaving it entirely in the hands of the experts appointed to say where the head centre should be established.  TOWNSVILLE DAILY BULLETIN. ? PUBLISHED P-UI.Y. ? WEDNICBDAY. JANUARY It. IH14. A large draft of cattle from the Dla manilna River dlBtrlct will be trucking at Wlnton shortly for Garbuti Broo. Ltd. These Include 160 bullocks and 'J cows from Dlamantlna Lakes station and 160 bullocks and 30 cows from an - other station In that vicinity. In the case in which Earl Fitzwilllam and T. Comyn-Platt, of Bristol, .ar« co-respondents, the petitioner is Mr. Alexander Brodrlck Leslie-Melville, a director of the Union ot London and. Smith's Bank, who. in IMS, was mar ried to Mrs Alan Daly (a widow), only lUusUur ut Uw law Colotwl Knrv?v Kelly. V,-l\pn the Commlaslonertor Railways (Mr Clias. Evans) was last on a visit to Townevllle ha promised the Mayor (Alderman R. w. ?McClelUnd) to' send up a number ot photographs or notable acmes along the railways, to bang on the Town Hall walls. On Tuesday, th« Mayor received a telegram -from Mr T. Voley, M.L.A., stating that the -j-hoto. graphs were arriving by the Wyandra, due this morning. At a Bpeclal meeting of the Licensing; Court yesterday, before the LJcentfnc Authority. Mr A. Dean. lea« ot ab- sence was granted to Annie Sbanahsn, licensee of the Royal Oak Hotel, from January 26 to March », Arthur John. Hodel to be left In charga, and to James John CasBldy. licensee of ;li» Palace Hotel, from January U to Feb. rnary S8. Iasheiu Mabel (Malay to be latt in cha«s. Temporary repairs were effected on the Ayr line on Tuesday «nd the bal hui train «ot lhrou»li to Ayr about Z p.m. A special train was Immedlon-ly despatched with malls and paurnK?rs to Townsvllle, and Bt » p.m. a special train was sent from Townsvllle to Ayr. Owing to portions of the line being still under water it In ut present Im possible to ascertain the extent of Ihe daniage to the permanent way. Probate of the will of George Iron side, late of Maikity, firmer, deceased, was granted by the Deputy Het.ih'.rar (Mr Jas. Comrrtord) at the Supreme Court on Tuesday, to John Alfred Nit chelmore, of Mackay, merchant, the sole executor named In the will. (Messrs Roberts, Leu and Barnett, ug tvwn agt'nl'4 for Messrs B. B. Wrigiit end WrlfTht, solicitors for exrculor.l Realty Kworn under £787, personalty £7614. During the recent rains several »r Ihe concrete pipe drains pver In the South Ward have been unable to carry oft the usual supply of water owlnK to their being choked with kerosene tins and other articles. As a reeull the itreets In the vicinity huve been par tially flooded. This is believed to be the work of younk larrikins, and Ihe Mayor haa {requested the police to endeavor to put a stop to the game. At t»e Charters Towers Police Court on Tuesday, before Mr J. C. Llnedalc, P.M., the Town Clerk (Mr 8. W. Harry) proceeded against Richard Joseph Tay on a charge ot stealing as s, clerk. Mr L. A. Francis (of Mesura Marsland and tfarsland) prosecuted, and Mr 11. Wynn Williams (Messrs Wyiyi Williams and Murphy) for the defence. On the ap plication of Mr Francis defendant* was remanded till Thursday, ball being al lowed self in £20. At b meeting of the executive of Cie J\.\VTi»vllle and District Development AsEddullon, held In 'the office of the hon. MHTitary on Tuesday aftermon lust, it was decided to postpone Ilia annual general meeting of the Associa tion,. Tb* «Jtecut(ve committee having been asked to appoint a paid secretary. It wa* decided to appoint Mr O. Donald to the position, whp will take over the Julles frfir. February 1 next. Ao-ounts (tnownlne to a Si 6d wer» passed for payment. Officials of ths A.W.U. have recently been wprklng In the direction of organ ising the female employees In the ho tfls. restaurants and boarding houses In Townsville, and it is stated have met with considerable suoce'JS. Within the next week a meeting Is to be called of 4H lnV«V««ed tor the purpose ot dUcus plajcr the wages sni1 conditions now In operation in Towmvllle, when an en teavor will be made ' to increase the rate of wages and fix some »orf ot pcale. The city reservoir, on the slope of Castle Hill, will be emptied this mprn Ing to undergo Its half-yearly cleaning, the city Bupply being maintained by pumping through (he by-pipe direct nto the mains. Hitherto the cleaning of th« reservoir has been done at night, when the demand for water Is lightest, but In view of the recent heavy rains, on thlB occasion the work can be done In the day time, a. sufficient supply be ing maintained for all requirements by pumping direct Into the malm. A meeting of the Charters Towers Sub-Branch of the Federated Engine Drivers' and Mremen's Association -says the 'Northern Miner'), was held at the Union Rail last even ing. The officers, for the ensuing; half ytor were appointed as follows:— Pre- sident: Mr W. J. Ksast; VlcePresl dant: Mr T. S. Walsh; Secretary: Mr C. W. Jones; Treasurer: Mr J. M. Bragg: Auditors: Messrs W. J. Nankervls and J. R. Cork. The gen eral sepKtary, Mr J. M. Bragg has been svocesatul in placing men in varlouB posltlona during the month. Mr P. Heaarlch, of Cairns, who inent a day or two in Townsville ihls iviwk, speaks in glowing terms of Die out lpoll tor the agricultural industry nt the Co.lrns and Atherton districts. In tbe vicinity of Cairns the area under cane is being steadily extended, aui every thing *o far points to a recorrt crushing next saason. Out towards the Four mile a considerable new ire«, ex ten, Mi, p fiprn the'back of tbe old Show Giouurts, will be \mder cane. At EcU? Hi|l. along the slds. of the hill, applications have been accepted to grow conn fnr the mills, and several farmers in the neigh borhood of Freshwater nn Kiiug in lor cane. At AtherCpn Mr Hudrluh esti mates there are between S0O and 1000 tens pf malse tanked. The new rroi. Is looking remarkably veil, and will prcbably be available abput Juic. Pro filed 90 cyclones or heavy rain occur In the Interval the maize crop of the dlltrlcl is likely to be a record. At Townavllle (says the 'Brisbane Dally Mall'), a meeting; was held to consider the arrangements tor the forecasting of these disturbances. The people in the North believe that a spe cial officer should be stationed at some northern centre. They endeavored to persuade the Commonwealth Meteoro logist (Mr Hunt) to act on this sug gestion when be visited that locality last year. But he expressed the view that the forecasts could be accurately and expeditiously forwarded under the present arrangement. Now the Towns vllle people have made an offer to Mr Clement Wragge to fill the post during the cyclone season this year. Mr Wraggee is well known in Queens land as a successful meteorologist. His predictions have been surprisingly ac curate in many instances. If he will accept the task his work will be wat ched With the closest interest. Possibly some friction will be aroused If such an arrangement Is made. But the dut ies are too important to be governed by sentiment for formality. The public have learned to respect Mr Wragge on account of the results he gives, and it would be a thousand pities if the ques tion of finance stands In the way. If the Federal authorities will not help in this direction the State Government should not hesitate t0 act. No maud lin ceremony should be allowed to pre vent them. The safety of the vessels and of the people they carry should be the first consideration, and if it is. even the risk of overlapping will not prevent action being taken.  A rather serious washaway on the Salmon line, a private line six miles from Cloncurry, is reported. Forty feet of the permanent way to a depth of 4ft, has been washed away, but re- pairs are being rapidly effected. On Thursday evening D. Roberts, a carter, was the victim or painful in juries as the result of a kick from a horse at the sanitary reserve, two ribs on the right side being fractured. The Ambulance attended and rendered first aid. The Harbor Board's fortnightly pay on Friday, in connection with harbor works, totalled £1377 6s 2d. The wages sheet is high at present, owing to the number of men employed on the jetty widening scheme, and also the number of mechanics engaged on the repairs to the Crocodile and other work. Messrs Wakeford Bros, hold an impor- tant sale of horses at the Show &nbsp; Grounds this afternoon, commencing at 2.30. Under instructions from Mr W. &nbsp; Duncan, they will submit 60 head, in- cluding the trotting stallion Shandy &nbsp; (by Emulator, the Australian record holder, out of Princess). A further lot &nbsp; of 50 head will be offered on behalf of &nbsp; Mr E. E. Carne, and on behalf of Mr H. C. Rasmussen, 30 head of light sorts. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; The resident engineer of the Mount Cuthbert line has advised that exten- sive damage has been caused on the Cloncurry extension by the rains, and as there is every prospect of a continu- ance of the wet weather it is improb- able that the line will be opened to Dugald at the end of the month, as originally intended. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; An entrance to Mr George Manton's residence at West End was effected by a thief during Thursday night. The only proceeds of the theft was a small sum of money which was abstratced from a lady's satchel, the nocturnal visitor failing to notice a quantity of jewellery on the dressing table. The matter has been reported to the police. At the Police Court on Thursday (says the "Northern Miner"), before Mr J. C. Linedale, P.M., William H. Sara, of Plumtree Flat, was proceeded against by E. J. Philipson, clerk of the Queenton Shire Council, for defacing a brand. Defendant pleaded guilty and was fined £5, and ordered to pay 2s 6d costs of court, and £1 1s professional costs. After 16 years prominent association with Messrs Cummins and Campbell, Mr Robert Mitchell will at the end of this month sever his connection with the firm in order to enter into business on his own account. Some time ago he purchased the freehold of the Sea View Hotel, on the Strand, and will on February 1 take posses- sion. Throughout the north, Mr Mit- chell has acquired a wide circle of friends, and that combined with his knowledge of the wine and spirit trade should ensure sucess for his new ven- ture. For some reason not explained the postal authorities in Brisbane sent no southern mail on by the Marloo, which arrived at Townsville about midday yesterday. The Howard Smith Co.'s Bombala, which calls in at Port Alma, did not reach Townsville till last night, too late for delivery of the mails. The week-end mail was thus held up for nearly 20 hours. As the Howard Smith boats lose time going into Port Alma, the Brisbane post office should send all mails in hand up to the departure of the Adelaide steamer by that boat; the later mail which goes by train to Port Alma could be brought on by the Howard Smith steamer. When a boiler is passed by the offi- cials of the Machinery and Scaffolding Inspection branch, the cap on the &nbsp; safety valve has hitherto been secured with a padlock, the key of which is re- tained by the Inspector, so that no one can interfere with the valve. A new idea is now being introduced, doing away with the padlocks on lock-up safety valves. The cap is now secured with a piece of copper wire and a leaden seal, the latter being stamped &nbsp; with the "M. and S." brand on one side, and a Crown on the other. The new scheme is much simpler, and more secure than the padlock, whilst the owners will be saved the cost of the padlock. In connection with the proposed Me- teorological station in North Queens- land, Mr Clement Wragge was com- municated with by cable on Thursday, asking him would he be prepared to come North to take charge of such a station on certain terms. A reply was received from Mr Wragge, who is in New Zealand, in the following terms:— "Sincere thanks. Residence impossible this season, because lectur- ing engagements deeply involved, but meanwhile will telegraph you warnings at five guineas weekly, from February 11, you paying wires besides. Shall arrive Townsville April to lecture in North Queensland. Will then lay foundation of first-class service for full working next season on terms you of- fer. Writing fully. Sailing tor Hobart February 3." A meeting of the Com- mittee will be held this morning. A meeting of the Townsville Society for the Prevention of Cruelty was held at the secretary's office, Old Town Hall, on Thursday, 22nd inst, at 4 p.m., when the following were present— Messrs H. Horn (chair), A. Reye. D. Fraser, R. Neelssen, and the secretary (Mr Geo. Armstrong). Mr J. H. Ruth- erford, the Inspector, was also in at- tendance. The inspector's report to December 31 last was received and &nbsp; read. It disclosed 12 horses working with harness sores and lame, five horses unfit for work, one case of overload- ing, one crippled horse abandoned, shot, one cow and two goats very poor, the goats being destroyed and the cow attended to; one very bad case of &nbsp; cruelty to a horse was adjudicated on by the P.M. and the defendant was lined 10s and the costs. The annual re- port was considered and the day fixed for the annual meeting to take place, viz., at 4 p.m. in the Town Hall, on the 29th inst., the secretary to ask per- mission from the Mayor for a room to hold the meeting;. - The secretary was instructed to advertise the annual meeting in the "Bulletin" and "Star" newspapers. This closed the meeting. The Federal Government are pretty well leaving North Queensland to run itself. They prefer to bury the money in the sandhills of South and West Australia to saving this section of the Commonwealth a show. S0 long as they can minimise sandy blight by crossing the deserts with railway lines they deem it unnecessary to attempt to protect shipping in the north in the cyclonic season. In consequence local efforts to supply the required warn- ings are to be made. Out Winton way "The Middleton Telephone Co." are erecting a line from Middleton to Win- ton. A post office department which gives about four postal deliveries a day in the cities think a mail once a &nbsp; month good enough for North Queens- land, and people have to build their own telephone lines. The consistent neglect of North Queensland by the Fisher Government is accentuated by the Cook Government. If possible Mr Wynne appears to be a greater paraly- tic in administration than his predeces- sors, and that is saying a good deal. When he can tear himself away from Flemington racecourse and Melbourne he might give this corner of the Com- monwealth come consideration. Captain F. W. Hood, District Super- intendent of No. 2 (in Queensland) Division of the Lighthouse Branch of the Federal Service, and Mr I. A. Ridg- way, District Engineer, arrived by the Suva on Thursday, after a northern visit of inspection as far as Clarke Island. In conversation with a "T.D. &nbsp; &nbsp; Bulletin" representative, Captain Hood stated they had been inspecting and taking levels at several places with fa view to the erection of new unat- &nbsp; tended lights along the coast. On the way North they stopped at Coquette Island, in the Howick Group; then at Dhu Reef, off Princess Charlotte Bay; Heath Rock, near Clermont Lightship; Tih Tih Reef, approaching Cape Direc- tion; Chapman's Reef, right off Cape Direction; Pyper Island Reef, and then at Clarke Island. They had beautiful weather for the inspection, which only occupied 10 days. Captain Hood stated that the lights would be unattended lights. There was at present only one such light on the Eastern coast, near Melbourne, which had given every satisfaction. The principle, however, &nbsp; had been fully proved in other parts. Captain Hood's headquarters will be at Townsville and he hopes to be es- tablished here in a few months' time. In the meantime there is a good deal of work in connection with the pre- sent inspection, and Captain Hood and Mr Ridgway leave for South by the Bombala to-day.  WEATHER WARNINGS THE PROPOSED NORTHERN BUREAU. Mr. W. B. Nisbet. who has been in- teresting himself iIn the question of the establishment of a Northern Meteoro-. logical Bureau, durlng his recent visit to Melbourne, has written to the pre sident of the Chamber of Commerce (Mr J. N. Parkes) as follows:— 'Your letter of April 9 on the sub ject of the Weather Bureau, North Queensland, reached me on my arrival In Melbourne on April 17, and as my stay was likely to be short. I did not delay In setting to work on the matter, I saw the Under-secretary for Home Affairs, and discussed it with him. The Minister (Mr Kelly) had left for Sydney that afternoon, and was not returning till Monday. The Un der-Secretary could offer no opinion beyond that the Department had done all that was possible, and he sugges ted it would be well to iterview Mr Hunt, the Government Meteorologist, in order to come to some arrangement. Although Mr Hunt's views were well known, I did not think it wise to ob ject to this suggestion, and the ap pointment was made for 10.30 on Satur day morning. I found Mr Hunt still obstinately opposed to any modification of the existing arrangement of weather bureaus. He maintained that everything was being done that was possible, and the Brisbane office had full instructions to isue independent weather warnings as frequently as was thought necessary in times of ur gency, and that was all that was re quired. No argument I could use would obtain any further, conciliatory pro posal from Mr Hunt, and after an in terview lasting close upon two hours I stated my Intention to bring the mat ter directly under the notice of the Minister for Home Affairs. With re gard to employing Mr Clement Wragge to Issue independent forecasts during the cyclone season, Mr Hunt stated he would welcome such action on the part of the Northern residents as calculated to show how unnecessary such a sta tion was, and how we would get no more practical Information or warn ings than we are getting at present. This, I think, is seriously open to doubt. 'On Monday, April 20, I was able to arrange an interview with the Honor ary Minister (Mr Kelly), who has charge of the Department of Home Affairs. In order to support the case I asked Senator Givens and Hon. F. Bamford to accompany me, which they willingly did. Mr Hunt was present at the request of the Department. Senator Givens introduced the subject, and took the opportunity to point out the desirability of a. wireless station being established at cairns and Mackay to convey Information in case of the land lines falling. This was really foreign to the subject, -but the Minister accepted it as a means of combating the argument re failure or telegraphic communication. I advanced every reason possible why the North ern weather station was necessary, but after an Interview lasting three-quar ters of an hour, could only obtain a promise from the Minister that the matter would receive serious consider- ation, and the establishment of wire less stations at Cairns and Mackay would be strongly recommended to facilitate the transmission of observa tions and the Issuing of forecasts along the Queensland coast. I was asked by Mr Hunt to point out that his Depart ment had fully the Interests of North Queensland in mind, and to give the present system a trial to see how far his office was meeting the necessities of the case. 'There is no doubt that the Depart ment Is being entirely guided by Mr Hunt in this controversy, and I see no hope of any further concessions being made in that direction. Until this agi tation began there Is no doubt the Federal Meteorological Bureau existed chiefly for the southern traveller and pastoralist, and North Queensland was almost overlooked. This campaign has Improved matters somewhat, and some points have been gained which were at first refused, which shows continued agitation may gain still further advan tages. I would suggest If Mr Clement Wragge is in the neighborhood he might be Invited to meet the Chamber of Commerce or others Interested, and discuss the matter from a technical point of view, for it is with scientific points now that we are opposed by Mr Hunt, who uses arguments which obv- ously cannot be contradicted by the casual observer. A suggestion has been made to me that a concensus of opinion of the captains and pilots trad- ing on the Queensland coast would be valuable as to the desirability of ex hibiting storm warnings at all Im portant stations and lighthouses in case of dangerous weather conditions threatening.' 