 ? ? A fitting job: The policeman's; - » • • . . Put up to it: The Saifey Gamp; * •• * • - * — ...... A-niee-seream: Italy's whoop for war. • i • * * * • , An idle • roomer is » the loafing • Iodgerl The tie-up righter; A judge in dlr vorce. Puppet-ual: whanging. Parliamentary slang- Author-docke cles. Writers of strike arts- , ' . i The crown of sorrow: Fined 5/ o* the rising. &lt; . • • # • •• Verandah building is 1 a very shady business. • • * • The noblest row-man of 'em all: Old Bill Beach. * * • The rising tied: The twain anxious for divorce. It's. the rabbit-oh merchant who. is, really {he furilaer. ^ * • » » The vyce that breathed o'er Eden? r The matrimonial grip. : * ' * .* The route of all evil: The way the sugar goes at the races. / • * • m A feast of palms.: Wfcen the fortuneteller is driving brisk biz. • « e Pro bono publico: An out-of-work-actor snavelling his swank. ' • • • Women are not advocates of closing—they never shut up. early The Sabbath; notwithstanding, tHe Lot, is a day of swanktity. It's a toss up as to who has tbemost taking ways, the thief or the trap. • * » It's the unsuccessful Parliamentary candidate who looks to the few-chefer.. _ The hand that roeks the cradle jjiles j] in Turkey, for there the woman wears 'em. • • * - • • t The greatest of all sculptors; • Tlje airman. He is responsible for the most busts. ' • •• Wtinien may not wear the wotsuaims, but -some of" 'em have mole-skins—on tt&eir' dials. . — : . . - * * * -/.'Politicians skiting about their pet Sites for the Federal City are like so many yabbc-riginals. ^ approaching golden summer time is;not likely to be nearly as hot as the • songs of the • serios. • * " It is reported that the bombardment of ^Tripoli killed nine persons—all Jews. Popped off at last! ^ ^ " Said that the whale lias the. thickest skin,of any living creature- What about the Australian M.PJ • » w 1 pickpockets would listen to pursewaye^shun, there would be fewer cas#s of pinching in the city. a. recent medical Work recommends onions for sleeplessness. Depends a good deal upon who eats them. The erouk. pug who fights in newspapers plainly demonstrate , that their yap*iS->& a false-set-to voice. 'V " «• • _ " • Astronomers have discovered thai ilie Dlaiet Jupiter is not solid, but a seething mass of vapor. Seeth there now! »' • » Says Lang of McVea: "There's more in his left than most onlookers thlhk-" Evidently the pentle William was right there when it came along. » •» . * The new battleship, King George V. kas been christened with Australian wine. If the Britishers would wet their neeks instead of their ships vvita oiir ,product it would be more to the purpose. ^ ^ ^ To most men success in life coines— if- it condescends to put in an appearance at all—so late that it has little real value. Balzac sums it up thus:— V Providence gives a inan nuts to eat after • he has lost his teeth.'' * • • • The Chows call aviators "sons of the Heavens "—angels, in fact." If the gtt^eless ,'Chinkies understood European languages they would be a bit Surprised at the remarks of some of these angels ». when the ». gear goes » • wrong. A Melbourne press chronicler of the small beer of Sassiety remarks that the charities mainly exist through the generosity of the rich." Which is a idamlye; but a much fainter tarradiddle than" a lot more fulsome flam that is specially rigged for the behoof of Fat. : Someone suggests a union of farmers. on the^lines of the A.W.A. Well, it would -be a great thing, of course, but 'fcritic" doubts its feasability. Every congregation of cockles that this scribe knows, come to holts over such a simple * matter as the best method of "burnjng off." ' • * » , Australia has at last got a battleship of her very own. Last Wednesday week our first "cruiser slid off the slips at Clydebank, and was duly christened ^Australia." However, one cruiser .won't count .for much in a willing naval scrap, so the Sooner we get some more the better. ' -* . - • * Perth' Tramway Company, Ltd., of London, or rather, its directors, think that it will be difficult to get the shareholders to accept £500,000 for the property now. Of course they do since Molloy and others offered £450,000. Tiiey know now they've got something somebody else wants to buy, and up goes the price accordingly. • » * Our old friend Tom Brimage, M.L.C., knows when to come in out of the wet. He his just applied to the Eastern Goldfields Council of the A.L.F. for membership of the Political Labor Party. That "body hasn't fallen over itself to grant his request, and it is a toss up whether Tom will in future snore on the Labor side of the House on the other. There's a chance of China and Japan getting -into holts. The former threaten to bdycott Japanese goods if the latter assist the Manchus. The rebels have an idea that the little brown man I s , onl 7 waiting to step in. We'], a to a finish between the pa.r r nngM; luig not be disadvantageous the rest of the world. * * * The honest war contractor afiain steps into the limelight. Sui.i that the recent liloivi'ng tap of two French battleships was due to the fact that i *crook.'' giin- 'pWjier was supplied. About four hundred lives were lost, but about all that is.likelv to happen to the assassin is that he"wili lose his job. The rinh for profits provides some strange results, at times. According to his press agent, a visir ting entertainer "can conjure spirits from out the mighty tleep-" Well, we will 'defy him to conjure back the Wilson "Surplus." * • - » Judge Hodges, of Victoria, liag bpen handing out some solid retribution to those monsters guilty of offences against women. One of them scored ten years last week. In this country he'd probably have got off with six months—if he wasn't accorded a vote of thanks. • » « The Murray Government are remarkably considerate to the Victorian employer. They are about to import 1,140 artisans and 1,100 female -operatives for factory employment. Some of those, 2,240 skilled workers will bless Murray and his crew before they are much older. • * • Modest Mr. Arnst. He offers Barry £500 if he will come out and row hhn for the championship on the Tarramatta, but he reserves the gale and picture money to himself, tittle wonder Barry says he is unable to visit Australia for business reasons. Arnst probably supplies the business reasons. • • • •• Possibly it is a natural mistake, but we do wish so many papery would not • misprint the name of the lafe Ghief Secretary of N.S. Wales- It is quite bad enough to know that a fine, simple, manly fellow like Donald McI>onneil has gone, but it is an added shock to hear of the death of Donald McDonald, the vwir correspondent and litterateur. • i • • . Thus a curious correspondent: "Foreman machinist .of the State Printery Is acting as an instructor at Jthe-^^hRlj^Lfifl^fe,..- Do^ ..the- gentleman give his valuable services for honor aild glory, or cloes he collect a fee?" Can't say, friend. The problem is passed to the Commissioner for elucidation. * * * Thank Heaven, Perth people can get their leaky tanks and broken gas-pipes repaired again. The plumbers' strike is off, and everything is satisfactorily settled. Journeymen solder-splashers are to have a minimum rate of 13/ a day with extra rates for country work. Householders will require to be careful with their tin-ware • now- • * • . , « Another of the Austrian Boyal family has shown Sis preference for love over the pomp and panoply of the purple, fle has just chucked up his rank in order to marry a girl who is merely a commoner. Bum lot that Austrian crowd. The girls bolt, with tutors and chauffeurs, while the boys cotton to girls witli no. "frill" about them. Shows they possess some sincerity jo£ feeling, anyway. ^ " ^ Clement Wfagge, the weather wizard, provides the Australian "cocky" with some cheerless news. Wragge says the presept -drought will most likely continue until 1915, though it won't be so bad as the previous one. And the disconsolate part of-the business is that Wragge is usually pretty correct with his forecasts. To be hoped he'll notch one "bloomer" this time. • « « There are lots of things Bigjohn Forrest doesn't know. He considers that the pearling industry cannot be satisfactorily carried out with white labor. If John knew as much about his native State as be professes to know he would be able to tell people that individual experiments have been made in which it has been found that, white divers can easily over-"lay" the Asiatie breed. * • * Isn't it about time the Federal Government dropped these futile attempts to block TattersaU!s. sweeps? Twenty thousand applicants for tickets in Victoria and New South Wales last week had their applications returned totheni by the P.M.G. These were requests for tickets on the Melbourne Cup. Still, the sweeps will fill all the same, even though the wowsers do have a temporal laugh at the discomfiture of a few i thousand speculators. • « * Weather wizard Wragge "s prediction of a drought reaching its worst in 1911 is being widely quoted. The Inclemen; one is now writing forecasts for Sydney Sun" wherein ,his varied gifts are displayed in a vocabularv that is rich and rare. Wragge's habit of naming his "liighs" and "lows" after prominent personages, had not a little to do with his retirement from tbe office of Queensland Meteorologist one fiery politician taking violent offence at having been made good parent to a cyclone that destroyed lialf his electorate. « * • Some months back at a conference of representatives of Kookynie. Malcolm anil Mensics, amalgamation of the local authorities was decided on, the territory presently controlled by councils. roads boards. &lt; r te. to b^ divided iiv 10 thm/ce.ual portions. r;t ii under or.e sole authority. Avwuvntiy Ulis \v is no mere formal rcschuion far Malcolm lists already bunged in its alloy by :i request *•" ih&lt;- &lt;".~>;oni;i! ^oorrtary that m»3iioi:>n?ity be dissolved. To lv> j hoped ;h&lt;> oxampk- wiil indue? ; farther tots of "'r.> 1 .ri-kaii in other disj tricts wlv'Ti* itu- !or-a! pvvernment is \ j J split up amcn% li;*If dozen tin-pit ! 1 authorities, each with its own official ! iia£f. I Leederville Council has followed the example, of other bodies, and hiye increased the wages of its employees by a boly-a-day. so that they may meet the ; demands . of , the grocer butcher and baker, to say. nothing of the landlordprivate employers, ' however, so far J haven 't made a move in. a similar di- . rection. * • » •« • Midland Junction Council was moved to, angry criticism of Jamie Lapsley'fi polished brass and gold-braided fire brigade the other night. Said the -Mayor, *'.We had a better brigade when we paid only £5Q a year for it, and now we pay over £200 for nothing." Quite right; .Lapsley is a terror to sacrifice utility to show. ..'*.'' * ' * Certain German bachelors in for a rough time. All unmarried persons, it is proposed, over the age of 30 will be called upon to pay 5 per cent, on incomes 'between £150* and £300 a year, and 10 per cent, upon incomes above that amount. &lt;Jood news, this, for the loverless Gretchen pining for a husband. "But what will "Karl the myso : ginist" think»of it? * * 9 * A philosophic cuss was the Chow general, who, when he was* caught by the rebels gladly took , command of their forces." Says he decided that it was better to belong to a united "than to a disunited party. Doubtless he also decided: that it was better to retain a. united than a disunite^ body.' Anyhow, txiere was no bigoted patriotism or loyalty about him. * * » The uspaf* -weekly correspondent 'again weighs in with the complaint about" people smoking in nonsmoking railway ' compartments- • Which is all very .\yell, but.3vhy doesn't he,make a remark' or lwo r "about" f tfe"non-smokers and lVom.en who consistently crowd into smokers thereby forcing tobacco users Into other carriages? One evil is quite as bad as the other- • j. •• * * - Johnson, the stoush expert, spends a good deal/of time lately in getting emptied out of things. The gorilla with the'dental gold mine managed to engineer himself into a Scottish Freemasonry Lodge j and now the Grand Lodge of Scotland is considering the matter. .An inquiry is to be held into the circumstances .surrounding his initiation into the Forfar Lodge. This is a case, wherein Mr. Johnson should be handed the full ;oait. « . *.' • - What has become of all the patent- Australian* airships, the inventors of which were going to paralyse the-world with new ideas? The prize of £5,000 offered by the Federal Government has not been awarded because none of the applicants having submitted a machine that would stand a practical test. The offer is'not to-be renewed. Flying machines are evidently not in Australia 's line. We're better at flying "kites." "Critic'-' is satisfied.that some Australians are music-mad, anyway. Prior to MelbaJs last Sydney appearance in "Faust" jnany enthusiasts accomplished thfe feat of waiting all nightlong, in the street on the off-chance of getting tickets, and then waited all day to get into the "theatre. There were two thousand applicants for the paste boardsj but only 800 were available. To be hoped Melba sang \yell enough to keep the lucky 800 awake. It is also to be hoped that she was spared the pleaur6 &lt;jf listening to the remarks oi the other 1,200. • « • THE G0QD KIND OWNER "In order that the owner may not be called uppn to make a liar of himself he has to avoid bis friends and bide himself until the race is over. There is no plfeasure whatever in facing with the 'Tote.'. It gives a lot of pleasure to a mail, to be able to tell a friend 'what horse he can put £1 or £3> but the'Tote* makes him selfish."—Sir. Mason, of New Zealand, on the Totalisator. * ; It was the good, kind owner Who stepped Upon tbe course, And always loved to tell his friends To go and back his horse; The horse that jdways tried And tried, But never won—'twas said, By nasty, evil-minded fol£. The animal was "dead." It was the good, kind owner. Of whom we all are proud. Who only kept bis horses for The pleasure of the crowd; Who paid out thousands every year That punters still might punt, And dropped a bitter, silent tear When his nag whipped in the hunt. It was the good, kind owner, Devoid of bluff or brag, Who never put a "crook 'un" up— A ^ee-gee in the "bag"— Who watched with" anxious eyes at length A.nd wrathful, wild -alarms Because it' seemed his jockey *s strength Lay mostly in his arms. It was thp sood. kind' owner The foolish mob have hissed, A5 :iinc,F. because they knew him not As a philanthropist; And. recognising- not his worih. Would jam adown his throat The greatest curse upoJi the earth That can't bs squared—the "Tata."*. ' ' • . ' . i  -:o:- . Now that "Zulu" has managed to make "Black Paddy" turn it up after 15 rounds, he surely has established his claim to a seat on the University Senate. We confidently look to our colored contemporary to speak up and demand justice for its colored protegee of yore. • 9 » Looking very wise and important these days is James Watson Brown, lawyer, who latterly, in conjunction with Von Arnheim, has joined forces in the "shark" business. J.W.B. may not be the best man in a court row, but a better adviser or office man it would be very hard to find, and a truer, better Bohemian old. bloke does not exist on the golafields. • * • Dr. Swanston's death is reported from New Zealand. Somewhat curi-* ously, he succumbed to typhoid, a disease from whose clutches he, and the nurses, rescued many hundreds of lives on the fields. True, "Swannie" strode trouble here; but a multitude of Westralians nevertheless, or perhaps rather the more, will learn with regret of his clouded a'nd untimely end. The proudest man in W.A. during Easter week was Jamie Lapsley, boss of the Fire Brigades. The little Scot had his love for brass buttons, gold iaee and burnished fire appliances indulged to the full—and a brave sight the latter presented. If Jamie's brigades were only half as useful as they are handsome, W.A. wouldn't grudge the money annually thrown away on them. * * • Clement Wragge, the weather prophet, bobs up to announce that if the Central Weather Bureau of Brisbane, hadn't been wiped out by a parsimonious Government, we should have had at least three weeks warning of the cyclone which caused such, a cataclysm on the Nor'-west coast. Presumably, the inclement one means that such would have been the case had he been the controlling genius. • * • David Solomon Ellis leaves Kalgoorlie for Sydney in good repute. Dave is a sawn-off, little Hebrew, and doesn't leave the fields dead broke—not by any means. Tis goal is Sydney, "the only place worth*living in on this island." Less than even twelve months ago David was almost a millionaire, and if that dreadful awful (well we might be pulled for libel if -we give details) Bull finch had not happened, David's several propositions • might • have materialised. • A helofa swell in Ealgoorlie during the week was no less a personage than Randolph Beech, bandmaster, musician, ex-pressman, hustler; and bustler. "Randy" banged the ivories for the Howard-Has san-Leis—(mostly Laurence) s^ow, and a marvellous good job he made of it, notwithstanding that he "wore Joe Strong's dress suit—eleven sizes too big for Him, Randolph improves on acquaintance, and his art on the piano ranks pnly with Mark Hambo org's. • • » Emily Soldene, who has just died in. London at the age of 68, was wellknown, in Australia in the midd^e rejLgh-, ties as an Operatic arti^. wW'^ai^lt' -company of her own. Always having literary leanings, she wrote a few books which .didn't set the world in a ferment of excitement, and. for some years acted as London correspondent for a Sydney paper. Emily. was a kindly soul, but either as actress or writer, never got much out of the ordinary ruck. ' • , Hard things . are frequently - said .about Billy Burton, of Kalgoorlie. His envelope momricker is W. K. Burton. Although he is not evena JJP., notwithstanding that on one almost historical occasion he was Mayor of Esperanee. Billy cin battle better than the majority, especially when an insurance deal lops on the scene. A heap of footballers are after William to again take on the presidency- of the GJT.L. and try and bring that queer combination into the possibilities of civilisation. We Wish 'em luck—all hands. • * King O'Malley, who has -been stirring things np, politically, in W.A. during the past few weeks goes East again on Tuesday next The strain of political life has told on the Minister forExteraal Affairs, and he has aged considerably in appearance and lost much of the jauntiness that distinguished him on his previous visit to tills State. His enthusiasm and energy, however, remain unimpaired, and whatever failures he may meet with in the future, will not, at all events, be due to the apathy with which so many others of • our "great • men" are cursed. » Matron Hornby Brown, who is head of the 'well-known private hospital in Mandurah-rd., South Fremantle, leaves &lt;5n an extended trip to England during the' present month. During her years of residence at the Port, she has made innumerable friends, and has won widespread , regard for her kindliness and consideration to the sick and suffering, and many people have good cause to feel the greatest gratitude towards her for her tender attention. Though Nurse Brown is a native of England, she cherishes an affection for Australia, and intends returning to take up her mission as a "ministering angel" in W.A. after her well-earned holiday. Frederick King, F.RA.M., who will be known in musical circles as the selector of musical tests for the colonial examinations, has been promoted to a seat on the board of the Royal Academy, London. On the death of Signor Randegger, a vacancy occurred, to which Mr. King was elected. Mr. King has taken over some of the pupils, among them Miss Beryl Hinde, of Kalg-oorlie. Thus, after having been under a Mr. Arthur King's training at Kalgoorlie, after four years, she again is studying under a Mr. King. s this master is credited with reat ability and is much in request, the fact that he placed Miss Hinde on is- limited list of students augurs well or the Kalgoorlie aspirant. J. J. Simons writes from New York to a member of "Truth" staff concernng an Australian who has made eood , hem all. He is biasing the sign of ustralia high in the heavens. Give y best regards to all good friends at ome. We will be back in May brimful f happy memories, but still convinced here Is no place like Australia." n America:-"! have spent a sooddeal f time here with James Francis Dw- er, an old associate of yours. Dwyer s right up in the front rank of Ameican magazine writers, and is one of he 'headliners' in the leading monthies. A story of his on Lincoln has rought him fame throughout the Unied States. I learned of this from some f the leading educationalists in this ity. Dwyer is held in high esteem by f I t b w h i f s h h a t p u e l i o W t p at b ^ w tnaSu w c s n m s p f e 