 Wragge's Prophecies. The weather prophets of this dis trict, with whose reputations the func tionary controlling the weather de partment of Nature's administration has played skittles, may take some consolation from the fact that the big gun meteorologist, Clement Wragge, has badly missed, not only the bull's eye, but also the whole target at which he did some long distance shooting in 1914 (says the Dubbo "Dispatch"). Looking through old flies of the "Dis patch" we find that in October, 1914, lie rashly essayed to foretell the wea ther conditions for a period of 10 years. "During 1914," said Mr. Wragge at the time stated, "the rainfall will be under the average. This by no means Implies that there will be no rain. On the contrary, good intervening rains will occur, and the last part of this period will be belter than the first, from the middle of 1915 onwards, the rainfall will markedly increase, and from 1916. to 1920 inclusive, the sea sons will be distinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to steadily fall ofT, and the worst part of the next great 'under average' period will be 1923 and 1924. Australians will be Justified in calling that a drought. In 1925 matters will begin to improve, and good seasons will prevail from 1925 to 1930." These forecasts, ex plained Mr. Wragge, are mainly based on the physical condiiion of the sun with respect to its maxima and mini ma moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we are nearing the end of the solar minimum—or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we on earth have no conception, were least vio lent. It would seem that Mr. Wragge's prophecies, like dreams, must be in terpreted by contraries. In other words, if Wragge says it-is going to rain, you may bet your bottom dollar it will be fine. As Mr. Wragge pre dicted that 1918 would be a fat year, and failed miserably, there is reason to believe that, instead of a bad period being entered on with the advent of 1920, the earth will give forth its fruits in abundance, and Jupiter Plu Vius will be in benignant mood. We aro also inclined to believe that if Mr. Wragge would confine liis investi gations to things mundane—as the Dubbo weather prophets do—instead of straining his eyes looking for spots on the sun, he would be a better wea ther tipster. 