 CURRENT TOPICS iie Week's Weather. Svnop.si.s of the weather for the week iding May &lt;>, 191U:—Tho rainy her, which began last week, was iuued mulcr a succession qf slight waves of haroinctric pressure. Modorale tu heavy rain was recorded North-West* West, and East from April •'*&lt;) to May 2, with light to moderte rain in the South and Midlands. Sliow^r b Mere general on the 3rd, but •avy inin was recorded ou tlie the West, with light to inoderain elsewhere. At noon on tlie 4th barometer began-to rise steadilvJ still failing in the West, with' crs over the island. On the 5th au im-cyclone had readied Tasmania from' ilio mainland, bringing fine, w titer and frosty or foggy nights. Tim weather continued -on the Gth, the auti-cyclone stretching from Adelaide tn, New Zealand, barometer at Swansea reading 91)..>3 inches at 9 a.m. Westerly winds prevailed during the first part of the week, but light variable winds on the oth nnd Cth. chiefly east- The maximum toiupcratu _ IIobart during the week varied from iOtlcg on the 2nd, to 56deg on the 3rd nid at Launceston from G3deg on th« l'nd and Cth, to 56dcg on the 4th. Thi rainfall for the week was as follows:— Northern Division: Stanley. 117 pionts Irishtown. points; ' Uurnie, 121 jiobits: Devonport, 10$ joints; Cressr, IDO points: Launceston. 125 points : lioaconsfield. 127 joints; Low Head, 101 points: ficottsdale, 200 points; jShoflield, 151 points. West Coast: War a tali. o36 points; Magnet, 513 IHiints: Zeohan, 744 points; C'apeSorell, '421 points. Darwont: Hamilton, 7£ points. East Coastal: Uoobyalla, 62 pjinis: Kddystone. 77 points: Kingaloonia. 377 points: Oould's Countrv, 1!'!) points; St. Holm's. 38 points: Scamauder, 22 points: Mathinna, 97 Swansea, points. Midlands: Oat lands. 74 points. South-East: Brighton. points,: Glenorchv, 7f points; Hohart, , 4S 4* points: Springs, 1U i'nintf-; Hokehy, 2t- \wiuu; Hythe. lot points: Port Cygnet. 127 points. Cement L. wragge. Not the time now many vean i :o that lVof'-ssor J'roctor came to out Niiores and diheoursed of other wo rid t • !>ai: ours, has anyone aroused sucli in- 'i-iffct among tli^ public- as the wellknown astronomer nnd meteorologist, Clement L. Wraggo, who will give, oi \Ionday evening m-xt.at the Town Hall, liis most interesting rntertaininent, ,4 A Voyage ^Through the Vniverse." Mi Wragge's quaint humour and nnoon- •.i-ntional mode of treating his subject engross and charm his audienre. Hi> .iipnv lantern slides are admirable, and the journey he takes his hearers to th&lt; beautiful and enrioits places of our little planet is illustrated by a number ol interesting and beanlifnlly-colonred vi,-\is. 'Hioso desirous of spending pleasant and instructive evening hhould n:.t fail to put in an apjjearanec. " nerved seats may be obtained at rt'nlvh aid Sens', Iwoksellers. scottsdale-Branxholm Extension. The Kngiiieor-in-Chief (Mr Jamef iirnam) bat- ieo>iv&lt;Kl a prog 1 rt from the engineer in charge of the pttMlale-lirniixliolin line exlensioi: nolds), in \ihich IK nablod go-K 1 ' oik* g. Willi the weather brok- 'siderable chw k may bt> y compiotod tor a The side falling ns trees on pii done for l»etwe?n ie earthworks have ! fir nu equivaleut 1&lt;-i sixt-en miles. All tin. done for about.20 miles. F progress again, and Kevei »s bave I toon done. Tin laid for about milo_, ... t the bottom ballast has been la t- Rr 