 THE MATH0URA FIRE. Extensive Losses, I On Wednesday afternoon a fire commenced ub Mr T. G. WragRo's Narlga Estate, and before it was uu tier control it dovasted over DO, 000 acres. It may bo safely assertod that it was tlie most disastrous fire which tho district has experienced tor many years. The outbreak was first dis covered on Narlga about noon on vVednesday and it spread at an alarm ing rate through Warbrecean, the eastern cornor of Cobran, across M-vthoura Estate and right on through the smaller holdings up to theBunaloo' road where, fortunately, its progress southwards was stopped. In au easterly direction it. spread to tho Doniliquin-RIathoura road west of the railway line beforcit was blocked. It is estimated roughly that an L-shaped area, 2D miles in length, varying from a few chains to 12 miles in breadth, was laid waste. When tho firo was first noticed on Warbreccan, tho manager, Mr R, Kiddle, with fire carts and men, went out, and numbers of neighbours with water carts also arrived on tho scone to fight the flames. A strong northerly wind was blowing, and the flames raced along at such lightning speed that it was impossible to work system atically in confining it. The big plains and timbered country just at this season of the year aro covered with long dry grass, and tho fire having started it defied the most strenuous efforts of the willing army of bush firemen to subdue it. Milo after mile it travelled, leaving a wide, blackened desolate course behind it, smouldering dobris and burning trees. Soveral thousands of acres on Warbreccau wuro burnt out, and then tlie flames continued their course unchecked to Mathuura Estate. A small corner of Cobran Estate was in the wake of the fire, and somo 1400 acres of grass were destroyod. Mr H. C. Parker, manager of Mathoura Estate, had all the availablo men and water carts out to try and check the fire, but tho relentless element dofied everything. It had now such a broad spread that whilo being temporarly checked in one locality it made headway in another, and ovontually went from one sido of the run to the other destroying thousands of acres of valuable grass lands and ruining miles of fencing subdividing the holding. Tho fire swept past the homestead and wool shed, which wero saved by means of fire breaks and men with carts and beaters. The smaller holdings between Mathoura Estato and the' Buualoo road wore tho next to suffer after tho fire had crossed the Estate, and nearly every one sustained heavy losses of bay, standing wheat crops or grass. A desperate fight was made to stop the flames from crossing tho Bunaloo, roadfor it- was felt that if tho firo once crossed the road terrible devastation must result. Early on Thursday morning the firo was apparently con quered, but at daybreak tho wind changed to the west and blowing with cyclonic force started tho lire atresh in numerous places. By ono o'clock tho Mathoura common was burning at several points, and half-an-hour later the flames oxtonded from the north to the south of tho area. Clouds of smoke and flying ashes of grass enveloped tho township and at the railway station the smoko was of such density that ono almost risked suffocation by remaining at the build ing. Around each of the wooden housos recently erected on tho west of tho lino groups of men were stationed as the fire came on, and by burning breaks or using their beaters they succeeded in preventing any of tho buildings from being destroyed. The housos of Messrs Hughes, T. llochford, G. Goodison, W. Reinkow slty, G, Gavel, Mrs Higging and J. Farroll were all safely protected by breaks being burnt, but in nearly ovory instance the grass paddocks or ' back yards ' adjoining were burnt out. The grass within a few feet of tho walls of the Shire Hall and in the adjoining yard was all burnt. The firo was checked from crossing tho road south of the railway station, and about six o'clock it was stopped on tho north opposito Leotham's Woodlawn estate, about twelve miles south of Deniliquin. Mr J. Jennison, farmer, whose pro perty is close to tho railway line a couple of miles from Mathoura, was a heavy loser. Tho firo reached his place about 10 o'clock on Thursday moraine, and burnt every aoro of grass and standing wheat crop and damaged a lot; of fencing. Tho wheat crop was being stripped and was yielding very heavily. Mr Jennison estimates tho destruction of his wheat crop means a loss of 1000 bags of wheat. It is not possible yet to definitely state the aotual lossos which havo oc curred bub tho following particulars wore gathered after careful inquiries ab Mathoura on Thursday afternoon by tho 'Pastoral Times' representa tive : D. Sinclair, Bunaloo road, burnt right out excopb hiB houso, also lost some sheep. H. Sinclair, all grass paddocks burnt, also two-roomed house, and somo shoep. Peter Sinclair, largo extent of grass country and three stacks of hay. Mrs Sinclair, several hundreds of acres of grass, and some stud ewes. Johnson Brothers, about 3000 acres of grass. C. Joss, 100 acres of grass, 140 acres of wheat (estimated to yield eight bags), and one stack of hay. James Glenn, about 90 acres of wheat, and 100 acros of grass. D. Glenn, about 800 acros of grass. E. D. Watts, 700 acres of graas; only the hous3 saved. — . Rees, ijurnt right out,' about 1000 acres. Widdis Brothers and C. Bartlett, who lost a big. area of grass by a firo a few weeks ago, are reported to have had tho balanje of their grass country burnt out. .T. Reinkowsky' lost ovor 200 acres and one hay stack. Mathoura Common, 400 acres, only small strips and patches of grass re ?maining. Nearly all the small special lease blocks and allotments opposito the railway station were burnt out, in cluding those of Messrs H. Lyte, J. H. Bock, Penglase, Treatt, J. Coppinger and J. Reinkowsky. Mr G. W. Horiot, of the Pastoral hotel, relates an incident in connec tion with the fire which shows that ho narrowly escaped being injured. He was returning from Jennison's farm when a burning tree fell across the roadway right in front of tho buggy. The horse just stopped in time to avoid being struck. On Mtiuhoura Estate a very large extent of the country was laid waste. Mr Parker, the manager, stated that at least 2D, 000 acres on tho station were burnt. It was reported that there had beon a largo number of sheep destroyed. Mr Parker, in reply to au inquiry on tho telephone, stated that between 000 and 700 sheep were found dead. Sergeant Jones, who was at Mathoura Estate on Thursday, saw over D00 doad sheep huddled together in the corner of a paddock. Apparently the 6heep had run down tho fences in front of tho fire and were suffocated with the smoke and heat or roasted by the firo when it reached them. The sheep were piled ono on top of the other, showing thnt the unfortunate animals in their efforts to escape tho fire had jumped on top of those that weakened and wero the first to fall from the effects of the smoko and heat. — Ab- ridged from ' Pastoral Times.' 