 SOURltESEARCH i CONFERENCE IN CALIFORNIA. OB$ERVATOR\TMn MELBOURNE. . fiAN 'FRANCISCO, Wednesday. Many matters of technical. Importance have transpired at the opening Session of the International Union o- Solar Research at the Carnegie Observatory in California. The Conference at fts sitting to-day expressed" Itself in favor of. establishing a solar observatory in Melbourne, and as one purpose of the Union Is the establishment of such, observatories at points of advantage all round thf earth, the announcement is apprecl 1 ated. When Mr. Clement V. W-ragge was in Hobart at the time of the solar eclipse last May a representative ot "The Daily Post'' had a -cliat with him on the -subject ot the proposed solar observatory 111 Australia. The astronomer was asked if he thought tha' the proposal would serve a useful purpose. "it is a grand thing," he answered "I .advocated it years and years ago, before it was thought of, and tliey laughed at me. Solar observationf are the main astronomical factor on which we must rely for tho forecasting of seasons —. droughts or gooi" seasons. The first thing Is the physical condition- of the sun with re spect to liis maxima and minima moods—that is sun spots. The solar periodicity or cycle from one maxima to the next maxima Is about 11 years Some people have no.suspicion otthe extent of those great vortices, like cyclones, with an energy of which we have no comprehension. These may bs up to 70,000 miles in diameter, and in which this earth with its diameter ot 7918 miles could be swamped as a little stone in a volcano. Around these sun storms, and particularly at their edge, and when the fiun Is ai Its maxima, or greatest energy.liydra :en flames CO,000 to a24,000 mile? in ength shoot out from Its surface. These hydrogen flumes ore hurling s drift or vibrations of the very etbei itself—that subtle medium that links up all that it—from the atoms and germs in the infra-universe to the giant suns In the supra-universe. this connection it must be understood that this earth and our fellow planets were hurled off from tlie sues of which the human mind can form no conception. Nine hundred million ears ago the earth was thrown, off from the sun. The earth, therefore, as well as tho other planets, are in harmony with the sun, as two harps are in harmony, or as two warships —one at Hobart and the other at Sydney—might he in communication Willi each other by means of wireless telegraphy. The earth being In harmony with the nun responds to the great solar vibrations, thus we come to the main' reason of earthquakes, tidal raves. volcanoes drought*. Every energy with which the earth is fami liar, has bec-n familiar, or ever will be familiar, is energy of its parent, the sun. A solar observatory in th&lt; clear atmosphere ot continental Australia would therefore 1io of the highest importance." "One of the things that I was going to watch this afternoon, if the eclipse had been visible,'was the corona ol the sun—that electric vibration, as wi might term It—the waves of which 'flash' out from the sun's edge for 500,000 miles. 1 also Intended to watch for the bydfogen flames -before mentioned, and for the shadow bands." 'The second point In the forecasting of seasons t! the astronomical position of the moon. The moon, during certain periods swings to a greater or lesser, extent north or south ot the equator, and this induces plus or mlnuB atmospheric tyes which can be likened to the tides of the ocean. That swing might be 2814 degrees north and 28*4 degrees south of the equator in one mouth, when It !s at its greatest swing, to 17% flegre»s north and 17% degrees smith, when it Is at its least swing. When tlie moon lias a wide swing, like the wide swing of the pendulum ot a clock. It lifts the vapors of the upper regions ot the nt.Tiosfiheru, *bere the cold air ot relatively high temperatures acts as a condense^, to theBfe vapors, consequently the rainfall Is increased, and the reverse takes place when the moon has a smali'swlng, and the rainfall falls off. The perturbations pro,, duced by the astronomical positions of ihe planets is a very complicated business, hut is also connected with the forecasting of the seasons. The greatest work in meteorology In Australia is the forecasting ot the seasons so that squatters and others may know wfien to stock their runs. 