 WARRAGUL, AUGUST, 30, 1910. Mr Clement Wragge F.R.G.S., who is generally acknowledged to be the greatest authority in Australasia on meteorology and weather forecasting, informed his audience at the Warragul public hall last week that there was a vital and direct connection between the conditions prevailing on the sun, and the atmospheric and seismio. dis turbances of our own planet. What are popularly known as "sun spots" are really violent cyclonic cataclysms, taking place in the atmosphere of the sun as the result of internal convul sions, the magnitude and energy of which we can form no adequate con ception. These explosive outbursts which create in the sun atmos pheric vortices fifty and even eighty thousand miles in diameter, project magnetic waves-on exactly the same principle as the Marconi wireless tele graphic waves-with such fearful velo city that they reach our earth-a dis tance of 93,000,000 miles-in the course of a few hours and invariably produce magnetic phenqmena, of which the aurora borealis, tidal waves, cyclones, floods and earthquakes are the visible effects. These sun storms are periodic. The maxima occurred in 1905 and rain is always abundant at such periods. Then there is a reversion to the minima when rain is scarce and this period was approach ing now, but as the last maxima was unduly prolonged the minimum would not be reached until 1915. Every agriculturist should prepare for this period of dryness, for although the predicted "drought" would not be so severe as on the last occasion, owing to the influence of other planetary bodies, M1r Wragge advises the farmers to make ample provision for it. At first the mention of the connection between "Sun spots" and atmospheric conditions on the earth, seemed so remote, that the audience might well be excused for failing to realise its significance, but when the talented lecturer explained the thesis upon which he based his calculations, enabling him to forecast so accurately, the scientific fact of solar influence upon earth conditions was made more clearly manifest. Wireless telegraphy materially helped to illustrate the wonderful effect of the ether waves, which are caused by the tremendous magnetic upheavals in the sun, and the inconceivable velocity with which they travel, as well as their pronounced effect upon earth condi tions, when they strike this planet. The lecture, which is reported else where, altogether, was an intellectual treat, and the audience were fre quently filled with amazement at the marvellous revelations of the stellar universe,'laid bare by the aid of our most powerful telescopes. No science reveals the stupendor.s might and majesty of the siderial universe and its august Creator, like that of astron omy, and a two and a half hour's lec ture on the marvellous photographic illustrations of the heavens, such as that given by Mr Wragge last week, must inevitably exercise an ennobling and uplifting effect upon every mind that is capable of such exalted influ ence. 