 SThOR OF THE UNIVEltSE .- *-.-- WVONIDERIS OF TIll SOLAR SYSTEM. IN TiE TAIL OF A COAM?17 The fame of Mr. Clement L. Wr:agge as a scientist assured him a big audience in Launceston when lie was announced to unfold tile story of the universe, and it was consequently not altogether a surprise when many scores of people had to be turned away. The Mlechanics' was packed, and as everyone was charm ed with the "eutertainment"'-if such a term may be used-the success of the season, which embraces two more lec tures, is certain. Mr. \Vragge has added to his scientific attahinents the platform skill of the professional lecturer. Iie speaks at a terrific rate, crowding into two hours an enormous mass of infor mation about his subject, which is illus trated by beautiful photographs and punctuated by a very happy wit. Not for one minute out of the 120 he spoke was Mr. W\ragge dull. He had the house in his grip all through, and had the lec ture been twice the length he could easily have sustained the interest to the end. A fascinating story is that of the uni verse. Yet how imperfectly is it un derstood. For instance, what does the average man know about the sum, the earth, and the moon? What does lie care so long as lie has three meals a day and the other necessaries of civilised life as we know it to-day? The roomful that listened so intently to Mr. \Vragge's telling presentment of the marvels of the universe had more than a treat. They participated in an education. Mr. Wragge opened with a description of the pecu liarly wonderful properties of radium, and incidentally mentioned that it was obtained from pitch blende, which was worth £500 a ton, and which might ex ist in Tasmania. "Why not go and look for it?" he remarked. "It would be better than seeking to make a fortune through the medium of George Adams." Proceeding, the lecturer took his audi ence in a voyage through the universe, prefacing the trip by some remarks on science itself. No scientific man, he said, could be an atheist, for science and re ligion were one. "If 1 were a parson," said Mr. Wragge, "I am afraid I would be very unorthodox. I would have an astronomical observatory attached to my church, and into it I would take my congregation and show them the wonders of the Most ]igh. I would give them food for the mind instead of bothering about Lot's wife and all that sort of thing. (Laughter and applause.) As tronomy makes people think as they never thought before." (Hear, hear.) Later on Mr. Wragge said if lihe were Director of Education every school in Tasmania would be equipped with a tele scope. (Applause.) Screening sundry, photographs of the heavens, Mr. Wragge opened people's eyes as to the immensity of the universe and the countless number of its stars suns in every stage of development and decay. Incidentally lie mentioned that there was no such thing as death-what they knew as death was only a change. If one single electron were destroyed the whole balance of the universe would be upset. By the aid of graphic pictures lie contrasted the insigniicance of the earth as compared with other bodies in the universe. "And yet people put on side," lie added, "and think they are tile hub of the universe." Mr. Wragge devoted a good deal of attentioni to our sun, explaining particu larly the nature of what are knowsn as sun spots and their influence on the earth. These spots lie pictured as raging cyclones, *to the tremendous for ces of which the earth quickly responded, and which were respoonsible for earth quakes, volcanic eruptions, tidal waves, droughts, etc. It took only 81, minutes for the inlluences of these vast forces to cover the 03,000,000 miles to the earth, and it was known that all the recent great earthquakes had occurred at pe riods of great activity in the sun. Some very fine photos of solar eclipses were ex hibited, the coronal and hydrogen flames being distinctly shown. Naturally, the lecturer touched with regret upon the inability of the different scientific par ties to obtain a view of this month's eclipse, and used lis plides to illustrate what those unable to see the phenome non had missed. However, another eclipse would be visible next year in Tonga, and he advised his hearers to take a holiday and go and see it. The trip was well worth spending money on, and, after all, what was the use of money if people did not enjoy it? It was impossible to transfer it to their account with a Bank pf Australasia on the Astral Plane. - (Laughter.) . Aftr, a intterval Mr, Wrarnge a ssed on to the moon, describing its lifleoss ness, its awful cold. tid stillness. Some times a man was told to go to a place that began with an "Ih" and ended with an "1." Why not, hio suggestcd, tell him to go to the moon? Nothing could be more terrible. Then the lecturer came to lialley's comet, and explained tlha:t at 22 minutes past 12 noon to-day the earth would enter its tail, and remain there for an hour. There was no dan ger to fear from a collision between a: comet and the earth, because if such a thing did happedi-a- very remote pos-i bility-it would be the comet that would suffer. There was no risk of collision, but there was no avoiding the earth's passage through tile comet's tail. It had been reported that cyanogen gas had been detected in the tail of Halley's comet. and later it had been stated thlat no traces of it could be found, so in that respect they hardly iknew where they were. Cyanogen gas, lie explained, was highly poisonous, and if anybody felt its effects the only thing to, do was to prat. tically seal himself up in his house until the earth had got through the comet's tail. (laughtier.) Personally lie might say' hie was not going to shut himself up, and if they were to go well, they could all go together. (Loud inughter.) Speaking seriously, Mir. \\'rage assureu .his audience tlht they had nothing to fear, and advised thelm to mllake use of it piece of smoked glass with a, view of trying to see the passage of1 tlhe comet across the face or the sunl. Ife closed his lecture by a lanllelflul descripltion of tilhe tour of a iliu. who prayed to tile Almighty that he mliguilt see the tulverse, anrd was given his wish. Arn exhibition of radium fol lowed. To-night Mr. Wreagge will give hlis second iceture, the subject being "The l1Majesty oI Creation." The next witi be on Satulrday night. 