 NOTES ON CURRENT EVENTS. A, man was found , in the gutter the other day. A policeman came along and pulled him out, and seeing that he. was incapable of taking care of himself,-, took him into custody: , On the 'road . to the .lock-up the prisoner became violent, and exhibited some proficiency in the use of bad language of ' marked force and originality. At .the police court next day ho was fined 5/ for drunken ness, and £3 for the rest of Ms! efforts The prisoner then .thought -lt to enter a vigorous protest .against the action of his guardian angel and tho .police generally, somo of whom he suggested ought to be 'kicked out.' This .? attack upon the man - who had rescued . him. from what most people would . consider an uncomfortable position, is ? suggestive . pf , .ingratitude. NIt all depends, howev,er,.,on. the point of view. The jyi-isoner possibly; felt at home in the gutter, enjoyed V, its perfumes. . recalling 'Araby the, blest,';; ,,and .resented eviction from his ..natural habitat. There is no ^counting for tastes. .',',' ..'.. '..' - . -? ,'...-- At a recent meeting, of the Musicall and Literary Society .; one of the ; members sug- . gested that -the ^.Municipal,- Council ; should be invited to- subsidise the: annual festival, which usually, results in a: balance on the wrong side of the- ledger.:, lie pointed out that in the unearned increment of land within the municipality was' lying a veri table mine of wealth* which only needed opening up in order, to provide ample funds for all conceivable public purposes. If this gentleman is. right — if the municipal revenue can be increased indefinitely, from ? some mysterious source not hitherto known' to be avail-able— the sooner the supply is tap ped the better. What on earth .has the council been about in borrowing here there and everywhere? Why not pay cash for. everything? Ratepayers should insist upon this hoard being unearthed .and. turned;: to. : ?' practical account, .without a moments de- ' lay. We shall then hiaye^nQ need,,tp; bother; ;;; about the,- collection of rates; c.^ :'^^;'^.--;-:;^ '???????:?? -^ /-?*?:{,??[? ,1* ,*??'-. .-:.;.?. .?;^;-i.iv«:;-ut'-;f'-^ V . ^.Henty'Wewspa^e'r^'in'a^nolice p'f'^-a- ' ;' musical' entertainment; calls' attention rtp a nuisance that stands' saJdly in need 'of sup pression at other places, .as well vis at Henty, in the following Terii'arks:-^'I:fc- would be as well for pa trims of local. ' concerts to bear in mind that^when'an item is being render ed that doesn't altogether' suit their taste, others in the audience are probably enjoying it, and to restrain themselves from talking, or leaking undesirable remarks '?'distasteful to those around them.' To this very use ful advice I would like, to add jthat the same 'offenders would ' corifi-r a.boon upon the audience generally' 'if;1 when an item appeals especially to their passion' for '? buffo songs and nigger minstrelsyj 'they would! graciously refrain froin insisting upon more . than three encores of their; iayouritb num ber. ' 'E don't know where ' he ar;e' is doubtless a' most effective sand enthralling melody, but;to the average1 ^over of music its too frequent' repetition somewhat mars the 'symmetry ''? of iy -well-ballanced5 pro griammeV ?' : ' ' ' ?' : ':'? ???????;?.':?' ?????? ? \ ?#; ?' '??'??? '??'_?; ;: #'?,'? ;/ '?'??? :*;'' ^-' ; * ': - . . -: ,, In ...the'-, course of an address deliverecl last week in a Victorian '.town, Mr. (Jlemenfc Wragge entered an emphatic j/rptest againsb 'the:. selection of Yass-Panb.erra as a. :.- site for the federal capital, and pointed out that the money proposed' :to '? be spent in this direction could be devoted to ' much better purpose. He said that .true statesmanship . would be to spend the money intended for the Federal capital in . locking the rivers, especially the Murray and tributaries, con serving the water for irrigation purposes, instead of founding the Capital in such an absurd locality 'a's Yass-Canberra. llather, he said, 'should the capital be in' the snowy ranges, where the bracing atmosphere and a pure water supply ;wouki breed' a race of feritty statesmen.'. It is to be feared that the adoption of 'Mri' Wragge's altemative, if not actually involving 'a jump 'out of the fryingpan into the fire' \voiild be some thing nearly as bad; in the !way bf-Bceking refuge from the inclemency of the snow storm by taking up' oiie's' quarters on an iceberg: The' breeding of a race of 'gritty stateemen' is ho doubt a desirable1 objec tive, but it can hardly be necesaary to this end that our Parliamentarians should bo compelled to undergo a course of training for Ah tafctic exploration. . #'.''? '?'»''' » '?' ? ? :;?#??' ; ? -, '.;;? ,. One of the cardinal principles of unionism^ ^ is 'onq lnan one job,' and it is.' carefully . cherished jii .Labour circles. Yet strangely eripugh spnip ? of the leading lights of I/a-, boiir and .linioiu'sm set a very bad example, in the matter of. practising the cherished1, precept. This was pointed out a few daysi ?ago by Mr. O: W. Oakes. 'If,' he said,, 'a raihyay man has' a taste for.' music, and,, having, mastered' tho; fiddle,' is 'able to earn- three half crowns by playing in his spare : time, the union goes straight to the Kail way Commissioners. ' Or if a civil servant-, was to play an organ in a church ior which, he was paid £50 pot annum, you would1, find a deputation to the Minister for his: particular department.' The speaker went, on to show that tho Federal Attorney General, whilst drawing his salary as; I|i3iliriister, occasionally practises' as a barri ster,- and does literary: workr besides;- whilst '?Mr. A. .Griffith is doing well in. a !anancial agency commission business. Whether Mr. :.Oakes is right or wrong concerning the - .members of Parliament referred to, he is ceVtainly not far from the truth when he protests against the jealousy that prompts an underhand vittacki upon a man who tries in an honest fashion to supplement in -'??. Ins own time a- possibly hot loo liberal salary or wage. There have been instances ? of /this kind in Albury— -a city which should ; be the exemplar of all that is desirable, ? rather than ah example of anything that is ^unworthy. ?????'? ''??????'? ? :-; ???' '?? '??????'-??. -' Sir James Graham, a former riiayoi'— 1 ; begipardori, 'Lord May of '—of Sydney and jitBtinow1 a candidate for a seat in the Legis . ;lative; Assenlbly, has established a claim a$o*the support of the electors Which has iribii I think, been preferred by any other 'eandidkte;' For a long time past there has been si1 conflict of opinion as to the precise meaning' of the word, 'wowser.' It is not to be found in any standard dictionary; it is not' yet1 authoritatively included in any recognised slang vocabulary. . Some people ^regard it 'as the equivalent of 'teetotaller;' /'others.' contend that it means only a man imbued with strong religious convictions—: I have riot heard of female wowsers. It is generally looked upon as a terms of dis : paragement specially applicable to anybody ^manifesting a- puritanical tendency; but .so far the precise meaning has not been ; absolutely defined. Sir James at this junc ture comes to the rescue. He declares that i'lA wowser is a self-righteous humbug,' his conception of the character being probably a kind of cross between a Ghadband and a Stiggins, with perhaps a dash of the Peck sniff ; strain dropped in to strengthen the .type. The country is indebted to Sir James for. his little philological effort, but it was oingerierous to supplement his scholarly de r-;iiriition .by the nasty remark 'There are as many . (wowsers) in the Trades Hall as in the Liberal ranks/' .-'? There is really no necessity for the introduction of political animus into a purely scientific speculation. . : }--\ ' *.-:'?'?? ?'-*??' -N ? ???* ??.,«''??? * ? ? ; ^?' Certain allegations that have been made, concerning- the methods adopted . in some , cheap restaurants go to ' show that ^ the .principles1 of economy are pretty closely ?odbserved in the hash-houses of the City of the Beautiful Harbour. Even Sydney, how-.; ever,', haa something to learn, from West Australia.' A recent -telegram from Perth, ??' affords 'in illustration, of' thrif tiness raised to:!t.He level of 'Ane art. The facts were dis;.,, v closed through a little ..fracas -between a '^waitress and a cook— how often the most -valuable discoveries are the result of .some apparelty insignificant fortuitous happen-, ??'ingl'/, /.'The .waitress had toasted a muffin ^find .prQceeded to take some butter from* 'i the. ice chest. The cook prevented her, she Jait the cook over the nose, and he replied; ^witlva'table knife cutting a little gash -in, ?fier; wrist. This form of rejoinder being, illegal, , ihe cook was summoned to the police court when the -facts came out. .-It - Beems that in this restaurant the rule is - that if -the waitress want3 butter she must ask the pantryman, but this girl had a: fanciful objection to the .pantryman's me-: thods. 'His practice was to scrape off the;, butter remaining on customers' plates with' his fingers., The butter so; obtained was then neatly rolled up and became available ^ for the waitresses and the customers. The waitress, evidently: a pernickety young wo - man,.: turned up r:h|r hose at the butter so obtained, hence the. row and the interesting aiaclbsure. Australians have been charac terised by some of our' critics as unthrifty vpeople^ but the keeper of the Perth restau rant, his Trdhscientious cook, and his in tensely: economical pantryman are striking ; 'jexanipies of the falsity of this allegation. ? The practice of tinkering with the tariff is apparently unending and just now trade ? jri.;cie'r,ta-in articles , of large consumption .Beenis; to ,be almost paralysed. The comp, trbller^Genei-al of Customs and his large /?^BtaffiAr^'at'^i9 moment working night and ?day in, i order to arrive at a satisfactoi-y deciBio^aa to the proper duties to be levied 7on dolls (dressed arid undressed) teddy bars;. ; jelephanta and golliwogs. , No final conclusion has even been arrived; at . in con nection. with the important items of Bun-. ? 'kens and' plush eskimos. There seems to have been an immense number of conflict-, irig decrees on these grave ., questions, and the whole staff of the Sydney office is .in. ? despair- in their wild efforts to reconcile *the orders. To make - confusion ? ? worse , confounded , the following telegram reached Sydney a few days ago:— 'Teddy bears, and 'elephants, clogs, etc, made in the style of teddy bears, dressed or undressed, item 326, as , toys (vide wire 14th inst). 'This cancels decision re elephant dolls m F 10/422 of 2/9/10. The reference to teddy bears in the following decisions (which might be read as implying that teddy bears 'undressed' come within , item ???? 327) , ia to be deleted :— Dolls, plush, 1- . 09/618, Supplement 4, page 3. Dolls, billiken, F. 10/347, Supplement 14, page 5. D6lls, plush Eskimo, T. 10/421, Supplement 17, page 4.' It is really high time that tins dreadful condition, of uncertainty was re moved. I hold no brief for teddy bears or gollywogs. I am not deeply concerned in billikens, but if they constitute staple articles of ' commerce, the proper import duty should be settled once for all to the end tfuit the 'commerce of tl\e nation may go on all right. As. for 'plush eskimos,' if the Influx ?; of Aliens '? Restriction - Act : d&n't make clear the ^course, to be, adopted regarding these immigrants, then I want to know what the Influx of Aliens Restriction Act is for. ' -? ?'??-?'? '??/?? ??????? ????- LIPPON DAIRH. ' ' .The Riyer.-^-The Murray at Albury yes iterday was 6ft. r4in. above summer level. ?'['Labor. Candidates.— Among .the candi dates nominated in the interests of Labor the following vocations are represented : — -Barrister-afcLaw, ;solicitor, grazier ^ man ufacturer, clergyman, . managing, director, land agent, patent attorney j auctioneer, newspaper proprietor contractor, commis sion agent, librarian, master coach builder j master tanner, chemist, factory manager, commercial traveller, teacher, clerk, ac countant. ? . Election Meetings . —Mr. M'Laiurin has held successful meetings on the Upper Murray, arid Mr. Ball has also been well received at various centres in the Corowa eleeto.ra.te. Mr. J. Grant, tho selected Labor candidate for Oorow a, and Mr. B. C. Loyd, the selected Labor candidate, for Albury, addressed a joint meeting of elec tors from Corowa and Albury at Culcairn on ^Tuesday, the 26th inst. Mr. J. D. S. Smith presided, and a large number of electors, including a, number of ladies, were present. ? ,,:,- .,-. -.. . Got Him.-r-A pick-pocket was smartly arrested by. an Albury constable : at the Hsnty Show. He wa6 an elderly pick pocket, and lie was 'an industrious one, as the constable recognised after a couple of 'hours' observation. He tried halfa dozen pockets before ho 'dived,' and the policeman caught him in the act. The pocket which the thief tried to operate iipori contained a purse and a pocket knife. ? The constable, who was in dis guise, brought his man to' the Henty lockup, and he will duly; appear before the court.-.. ' . :- ''''.;. ;.':f ,t .'. ..;'„'. . . ' .'. Publication Received.— Wehave received from -the Lands Department' a . pamphlet gi virigrJa summary of the -provision s of the - Closer-Settlement Promotion Act,-l&10, and regulations for the, information of those who may be desirous of securing land there under. The pamphlet sets out fully and clearly the procedure necessary to bring lands;..under the 'Act, the conditions trader .which*' the lands are valued, the; advance of ? purchase money, obtained, and the provision as to ''repayment', etc. Copies of the .jjamphlet can bo obtained- at the Informa tion Bureau, Department of Lands, and at ^all country offices. ..,..,... Wo License and Hops.— An inter jpctor. at. Mr. Judkins' meeting, on. Tuesday night ap peared to be greatly concerned about the ':£2J:e of the; hon-pickers lindei' no license. ' 'What will they do ?'he asked. Mr. Jud kinSjlike a. certain historical character, paused for a reply. 'They nan. pick straw berries!' put in another voice. 'Are you 'in favor of making cigarettes from hop ' leaves ?' v was another'. -' 'question' put _ to the speaker. There was laughter, which -was not diminished when Mr. Judkins as sured the questioner that if he wanted a drink when no license came into force he ?would have to 'hop' to another district. : ? The Licensing Law. — At the Albury Police Court on Monday, before Mr. H.F. Itoberts, P:M., James Day and Frederick ;;Trumble were each fined 10/ and 6/ costs %n a chargevof having been found on the licensed premises of the Court House Hotel: Huring prohibited hours on September 18. ??'A. similar charge agst Alfred Ashby was: ^dismissed. Major Wilkinson appeared for the defendants in each case. In Ashby' s' case it was proved that defendant was out for a drive with one of the bolirders at tho hotel,- arid simply passed from the yard to tho front of the premises out on to the street, where he was' met by Constable. Leaver, who' laid the information. The P.M. was satisfied with the explanation. The No-License Agitation. — A very well attended meeting was held on Tuesday evening at the Mechanics' Institute in the interests, of the 'No License' movement. Mr. If. B. Munro occupied the chair, and with him on the platform were Rev. J. Ren toul, Mr. Judkins, Mr. Tandy, and others, with some ladies. There was also a large gathering, of ladies in the a\idience. The principal speaker was Mr. Judkins, who delivered, a forcible address, mmctuated at frequent intervals by interjections from the audience. No new ground was opened up by the speaker, who, however, made the most of the stock .arguments, and strongly urged the electors to vote 'No License.' At the close of his address Mr. Judkins was accorded a vote of thanks on the motion of the Rev. J. B., Rentoul. Wedding. — An interesting wedding was solemnised at St. Matthew's Church of England, Albury, on Tuesday, the con tracting parties being Cooper Cooper, of Gundagai (lata of Albury), and Miss. Fan- ny Coxwell Hoysted Forstcr, second d'aughter of Mr. J. C. Forster, of AUmry. Tlie Rev. Canon Bevan officiated. The bridesmaid was Miss T. Haystcd, and Mr. C. F. Cooper (brother of the bridegroom) was best man. Tlio ceiremony was witness ed by a largo congregation, the parties being popular in Albury. Miss Butcher officiated .it tho organ. There was a large- :' ca.theriri.se of friends at St. Mat thew's Hall and at' tho residence of the bride's parents in the evenino: in celebra tion of the happy event. The presents wero. numerous and valuable. The Electoral Law. — At the Albury Police Court on Monday, before Mr. H. F. Ro berts, P;M., James Joseph Mcade was charged with that he 'did unlawfully wit ness a certain claim made under part 3 of the Parliamentary Elections Act 1906 by one John Patrick 'Grant, and directed by section 26 of the said Act to be witnessed, without satisfying himself by inquiry from the said claimant that the statements con tained in the said claim were true.' De fendant pleaded . not guilty. Seniorcon stable Kersley gave evidence, as to having made inquiries in the case. He had been unable to find Grant. Defendant said Grunt was away shearing, and would be back in a fortnight or so. He would ask for an adjournment to enable him to call Grant as a Avitness-. The police offered no objection arid 'the adjournment was granted. 1 'ISfow .tliut; Spring .is': Here.'— The Al bury ?'?? cLs trict^is 'Jo-j-kingi' at : its- best just ?tit-pros'eU^o.&HiKtojto'ivhi itself; is-really beaii ;tif uly ?- :as .;t|re: j sweatj^rees; axe^putting ;on , ?the.ii ,., cpvfer j x\ g .of i; .bright;, , leaves,- and . the garden flmTOrs.'ar6?-m boe'ti a ' ;^-c-iidGr f ul^^ojyrth'^in'- ^ ithQ^crops' and pastures^ 'arid'-sfecfc .¥re'-f;hfealtliy; and ; in siplendid iconditaSnd+m^iewMs^irom: the train ,:,tirav6llliig,;rf^bet4y^n\(-:.;A!bu_ry_ : and Henty , . the country ,_. looksi '', Y&TJ:. pictures que and fertile. \ 'An ?.American visitor who passed ' through ' : A'lbury ; ;bn Wednes day remarked that .he-;had. seen a lot of Australia/ but) .regarded Riverina , as the best part of it, taken all; round. 'I can't guess,' he said, 'what . principle you peo ple have adopted in selecting your Federal Capital.' He is: not the only 'one whsf 'can't guees.' ?. .:?? ?:?:]'? ,.;;.-? i;- ??-.; :; A Generous Gift.— The Minister ior Public Instruction (Mr- Hogue) on Friday received notice of the: offer, of Mrs. . Fal kine-r, of Deniliquin, of £2,500 to provide a University scholarship,, .tenable for four years, for pupils of the. Hay District School. He hais decided to add a depart mental scholarship to it. The . gift is to be known as 'The F. S. Falkiner. Scholar ship.' It is expected that it will be worth from £80 to £90 a year. _ Mr. _ Hogue said that the effect of this patriotic act on the part of Mrs. Falkiner would: do much to encourage higher education in the Riverina, and it would become neces sary to organise the Hay District School as a high school', so that pupils through out the- Riverina might find within their district a secondary school that , would carry them to the doors of the University. Organisation of Farm Labor.— A _ report from Melbourne states that application has been made for the., registration of the Rural Workers' Union 'of Australia as an organisation under the Commonwealth Conciliation and' Arbitration Act. The union consists of farm hands, employees in agricultural, horticultural, viticultural fruit-growing, market gardening and dairy ing industries.; Emploves in these indus tries were specially excluded from tho pro visions of the 1904 Actj but recent amend ments to the Act allow of all but _farm hands being included. The union will be conducted on the lines of the ' Shearers' Union, and will be one of the largest in' Australia. It is estimated that the mem bership will exceed 10.000 within the next few months! The application1 will be in the office for 30 dnys, and. if no objection to registration is lodgecl the application will be granted... ? ..,-.... Court Riverina, .A. O.F. — A' presentation : of ; lpng-seryice medails to members who have attained their 25 years' membership with Court RiveririPV No. 4842, Ancient Order ? of ? Foresters, : took place in the M.U. Hall, ;, Albury,. on Monday night, af ter the regular business of the quarterly meeting of the court. Past Chief Ranger and Secretary Bro. Wm. Jackson presided, \n the abserico of C.R. Bro. C. LobBo. Nine .medals were to have been presented, but only four recipients put in an appear ance, four being absent through sickness. Bro. Jackson presented the medals, the recipients being Bro.- J. Crisp. Bro. C. F. Monk, Bro. C. Godde, and P.C.R. Bro. W Miles Representatives were present from the M.U./I.O.O.F., I.O.R.. P.A.F.S. and Loyal Murray Lodge, I.OiO.F. Af-. ter the presentations, a toast list was gone through, and a musical programme ren dered Those not present who. were entitl ed to inodals are: — Bros. A., A. Jones, R.; Oeilvie. H. Ritchie, P. Wilkinson^ and J F. Gocdland. ; -:.:;:-?-, - ^ ; -; The Weather.— The ' past fiew days h'ave: been cold and windy in Albury.; On Mon day the conditions indicated- 'rain -.and a: light showcir iell, but. .not. sufficient to af fect the rain gauge at tho p-^t offic-y On Tuesday 1.3 points fell, and on Wednesday ; 15 points weax- registered. Up to yeste|r-i day the iotal fall for the month was 350 points, raui having fallen on eight dif-; ferent days. Last .year the registration for +he 'month of September was 155 points, and in 1908 it was 353 points. For tho nine months of the present year just, completed the total registration has been 1759 Txrints, as against 2408 points for the same 'period la.pt year, and 1858 points in 1908. With. fchraiV months of the present year still to go, it is not likely that the year's total will bo very much below the average for the district'. The. latest offi cial forecasts are as follows: — 'Wew South Wales.— Thunderstorms _ in the cxtromo north-east, and more rain over the south eastern quarter, temporarily fine- in other parts, but rain To-turning to nil constnl nnd hipliland d'stricts wlion cyclone moves eastwards. Victoria.— Gn.i^s and rain ovov east, south, mid eeiitral distvicts ; fine in tho north-west.' Obituary.- — Th^ d^ath occurred nt the Wcolslied, near Beo^ln'-orth, on Friday, of Mrs. Tiaooy, wife of Mr. James Lacey. of t-bat district. For the past two vears Mrs. Lncoy had boon in indifferent health due to heart trouble. Latterly her K-si- tion, became very serious, and pneumonia supervened. The deceased 'lady was about 40 years of age, and resided for lome years in Albury. She was formerly a, Miss , Barry, and her mother, who was a very aged woman, is still living at the Wool-, shed. The late Mrs. Lacey was a sister of Mrs. Evelyn. Arthur, of Albury She , ' leaves a husband but no family. — The 'Argus' reports :— Thefriends in;y. Mel- bourne of Mr. Michael Thomas werV great lp shocked to hear of his sudden death on Monday. Mr. Thomas had complained of pain the night before, but had gone to the city as usual. On returning for lunch a porter at Sandringham noticed that he was ill, and helped him out of the carriage. Assistance was at hand imme diately, but in a few minutes he died. Mr. Thomas was welll known in Bendigo, in religious, business, and mining circles; and at Sandringham, where he had lived for 20 years, he was very popular.' ...Mr. Thomas was an uncle of Alderman Thomas of Albury. A Victim of prink.— At the Alburr Police Court on Saturday morning, May F;arrell, 42, who was before the court recently on charges of drunkenness and using indecent language, was again presented on similar charges. Constable Nesbit proved the of fences. Sergeant Blackburne proposed to deal with the woman under the Inebriates Act. He called John M'Kenzie, gaoler at Albury, who produced records of convic tions for drunkenness against tho accused in Sydney. She had' been . convicted 69 times during the last 10 years ; two of those convictions were within, the last three months. Accused was the holder '. of a license under the Inebriates' Act. She was released under that license on. the, 1st No vember last year, and was still bound by the conditions of the license. Accused gave evidence. She said, she was a single wo man, and pleaded guilty to the charge of drunkenness. If she used the languago.sho did hot remember it. She had come to Al bury and got a situation here. After hear ing accused's evidence, the P.M. said he hardly knew what to do with a woman like her. 'Why don't you give up tho drink?' he asked. Accused said she had tried very hard, but had had a. lot of trouble. * She said she had been working, and had not been drinking much lately. She pleaded for another chance. The P.M. decided to deal with accused under the Inebriates Act, and ordered her to be placed in, the institu tion at Long Bay for six months. A Crowded Train. — The arrangements in connection with the conveyance of pas sengers from Albury and intermediate ' stations to Henty on Wednesday ? were about as unsatisf actory as . . could well; be imagined. When the 9 a.m. , goods train left Albury it was well filled, and by the time that Tabletop, Ettamogah, Gerogery, and Culcairn' had been passed it was 'ab- solutely packed. The journey from Al bury occupied about three hours, and it was anything but. a . pleasant one. On the return journey .matters were even worse, if possible. The train was timed to leave about 8 p.m., but long before that hour the crowd took up positions on the platform : | with a . view' to securing seats. When the train steamed in there was a wild scramble for the carriages, but there were not enough seats to go round, and. many indignant voices were lifted in protest. 'Some blamed the Railway De partment, and others the Henty Show committee. 'They'll never get me at a Henty Show again as long as I live,' said one well-known district resident on the Henty platform. When reminded that . It may not be altogether right, to blame the Henty people for the bungling of the Railway Department, the well-known re sident talked fight. . 'Blame them/' he said, 'what are you talking about! My wife and children are down there in a wretched van-, and I've got to try and climb in somehow. Blame ? ' ' And this man wasn't tho only infuriated pas senger. The whole business was, typicaLof the wrotched methods in vogue in,, our railway management. No effort wrts made, so far as could be seenj to cope with the unusual crush of traffic.1 Whe ther or not the Henty committee were to blame in the matter, the writer cannot 6ay. Possibly they did not write to. he Department — perhaps they should have run a special train — but iii any case the Department .. must have ? known that there would be a: r: big crowd, and should have, made 'reasonable provision for ? its accommodation, especi ally on the return journey: It seems' ^use- less to' hope for an improvement, -as this port of thing, in one shape or: another, has been occurring for years past. Just what that something is which ought to bo done* is a problem for someone not con nected with- the Railway Commissioner's staff to workout. , . ;,.;,,. ?Protecting the Wage-earners.-— The first prosecutions in. Albury under the. Industrial Acts of New South. Wales, were 'dealt with - at the police court on 'Tuesday/ wb'fn Ad.i Brings, proprietress of drapery and dress making establishment in Dean-street, was prosecuted on . five different, informations laid by Walter I. Taylor, Senior Inspector of Factorier l:i Now South Wnlbs. Tho first case -.was laid under the Shops :and Factories Act, and set forth that defendant had neglected to register her premises as required by tho Act. In the' four o+her oases defendant was charged with neglect ing to pay not less than sixuence tea money to four of her employes who worked over time. Mr. Wilkinson appeared for de fendant. After a- consultation, it was ar rangprl that defendant should plead guilty to neglecting to register her premises, and ' - also to one of. tho other charges,, and tho Inspector agreed to withdraw the . other three charges. Mr. Taylor explained that the Act had come into operation in Albury in November last. In March last ho bad visited the town and explained to local em ployers what was required of them. In this case it was found necessary to prose cute, but the department did not press for a heavy penally, seeing that it was the first prosecution here. It was desired that the prosecution should be taken as a warning to employers in the whole district. The Act was designed £oi\ the nroteotion of the employes, and the object was to discourago overtime as much as possible. At the re quest of Mr. Wilkinson, defendant was al lowed to make a personal statement to the court. She complained that she -had been picked out- whilst others had been allow ed to pay up back money and were not brought into court. It was not fair. Mr. Wilkinson urged that a nominal penalty would meet the case. The; P.M., in reply to defendant's statement, .said that a start had to be made, with someone.' If' others offended they would no ?' doubt be prose cuted. In view of what Inspector Taylor had; said,- he imposed a fine of 1/ and. 6/ costs in each of the two cases.. Mr. Taylor said. ; the department would be satisfied with' a nominal fine in this instance, but it must not be taken as a precedent in future. The Fire Brigade. — On Wednesday evening at too Council meeting the fol lowing letter was read from the Board of Fifd Commissioners : — ' 'Referring to your letter of July 12, and vour reminder of the 21st inst. (Nos. 935 'and 43/10 le Spectively), inquiring (1) whether the esti matea expenditure of the Board of Fire Commissioners of New South Wales of £513 in the Albury Fire District, for the current year, includes the building of a Hew fire station; and (2), if not, how the expenditure is arrived at : I have the lionor, by direction of the president of the board to reply : — (1) The work of reorgani sation, supplying brigade deficiencies, tak . ing over assets and liabilities, and general detail, which the board lias had to under take practically throughout the State, lias been so great that it has been found to be impossible fol* the board to enter upon the matter of building this year, in any districts That has had~*to be deferred, and no 'doubt the council will be communicat ed with'1 when any proposal for building a suitable fire station in Albury is being considered. (2) The estimates of the board for the first year of the on-eration of the Fire Brigades Act 1909 were neces sarily largely tentative, there being no full year's experience for guidance. The cost of necessary fire brigade maintenance in certain places was, however, known, and the populations and property valuations of all the centres of population. These were the chief guides, and in striking its estim ates the board took these into considera tion. It is now apparent that for some districts, owing to different conditions, the estimates were below what was actu ally required ; but for some — notably for Albury — it would seem that the expendi ture probably will not reach the estimate and that Albury will have a credit bal ance to'- carry forward the next year. Every year adjustments will, of course, be made. Where the expenditure has ex ceeded the estimate in any year the debit must be maae good in the following year by the fire district affected, and the con tribution of the council be increased by. sufficient to provide one-third of the defi ciency; and, vice versa, wnere the estim ate be more than the expenditure (-as seems probable in the case of Albury), a corresponding reduction in the succeeding . year would occur. In any district, the Government, and the Fire Insurance Com panies, have «.ach to contribute as much as the council; and the whole. Ipfs admin istration cost, must be expended by the ? board oh the district, which therefore re ceives the benefit of practically three times the council's contribution. I have to atwlogise for the delay in replying, which, was due to such a multitude of mat ters from all parts of the State, in the new conditions calling for immediate at , tention, that it was impossible to deal with all as promptly as desirable, and as I- trust. this office will be able to do when ? things settle down into a more regular routine.'— -The letter was received. 