 Plodding Through Sunshine and Bain. Foit Tiib 'GnnoNicLB' [By 'X Pki-bstria.n PaESSMA-N.j Ch-^K9 Ih climate, kvhlclt are sudden une^lfcod -jiqd fltooiing around WraggeVs ^«nd his- sucoessors') fore -QMtstivm a to ss, upset ttie plans of «n ink^spatteier iu?t as iriucli as a chaiij^ in weather on washing day alters* the carefully arranged pro gramme for the 18 hours' of a summer day'R'«venta in a menaye that dors not includes a nuinbei of paid servitors. When, after a fairly cool time, the glass gives -ft jump which is almost incredible, and we hear of 1 20 degrees being registered up in the Western plains, it is hard to think that some thing under 100 degrees can affect our equilibrium in the Hastings Macieuy district Crossing the foi incr t iver at Black inanS Point, and quietly strolling along its northern bank in the eaily niorning, it uits only natuial to take a lengthy look through the brilliant sun shi}iej#-ihc pictui-esquo landscape of hoii^Fleafy shade and fruit trees, as w'ellpls bissclling maize aud sorghum, which stand out in such relief against the glittering surface of the stream, then sweeping down in a lazy sort of motion that is not always found when crossing the punt with a high tide coming up and a strong breeze blow ing from the nor'-cast ;. hut nitwit these glances were pleasant in them selves, they were -j-iickly stopped by the attitude of the mosquitoes, bent upon warfare against the human ar ticle, And taking no denial in an im petuous demand for blood from the victim. An onward move was made through tho scrub, and by dint of perse\'tsring pcdcstriani$m, varied by a utt for a couple of miles, it was pos sible to notice improvements that had been effected by the Shire Council since last travelling that way in Sep tember. About the 100th — oi was it the 10th Y— wile out a break in the scrub appeared and a house, ..with cleared ground around it, was noticed on the right. (The mosquitoes were yet with us, hut not so persistent, although the pest increased in inverse ratio). Then two inoro houses were discerned fur ther on, and the proximity of friends and acquaintances at Telwjrai'H Point was made manifest. Just down the the hill, where there occurs a junction of highways from Heechwood and Wauchope, also Hollands Plains, with the main artery for eoasfci.1 traffic be tween (Jippsland and thu north of Queensland, we noticed a congerio of buildings which may mainly be de scrilicd as embracing Mr, Keogh's gen eral store, with house adjoining, and die large, bark-covered smithy of Mr. George Newbry. In another shed was an up-to-date huggy just turned out by the proprietor, and below thu pleasantly-situated house, with its trees, plants and flowers around, were two new sheds for carrying on black smithing, coachbuilding and Wheel wright's . work within with greater convenience than the old buildings were capable of permitting. Mr. Newbry feels proud of bus work and business, as it proves that Telegraph Point is an important centic in the electorate nnrlon this witiit rood, with its long mail service by coach from Kexlium to Kempsoy and the Clar ence, a route which nerves such a com paratively enormous population, cand surely must be well looked after, so that its,. surface may faithfully carry the vehicles that are provided by the Federal Government to serve those whose stamps and general quota to tbe Commonwealth's postal revenue help along the cogwheels of- the .machine. This road carriage is becoming so enormous that even before tho rail way is constructed — lias time to be, at the present rate of going along^ there must be a.chango in ' this mail service, ami promptly also. Let us return to the Kpot in refer ence. At Mr. Keogh's hotel, the ' Ikjss ' is generally known as ' Tim,' and much looks after his cattle aud horses; and his fine meadow land about the banks of the Wilson, although he gives the light of his presence to the front promises when ho can; Some times something attracts his notice up there, and on the occasion referred to one felt certain that after tho compli ments paid the previous day upon the Port Macquarie bench and by Senior Constable, miiie worthy host of tlio place spoken of ' as one of the best on the northern road ' felt himself proud nnd would be near at hand. The bulbous therinetoinerical bulb often makes those who study it feel that it munt be a liar — and on Tuesday morning it only 'registered 82 degrcco — and something more. After a yarn with i»y friends, and having noticed the especially pretty outlino of the greenly-clad hills — and again watch ing the skics, and tljermomcter — a move was made .down past tho fine School of Arts, Anglican Church, the State school (with it trim Ixjrders and trees in front), to the post office. This establishment appeared to bo a cut above what one might look for in a quiet spot such iut Telegraph Point, although on a liusy mad. , The Bridge is ti fine ono, with open ing spans, that permits tlioghcrs and trading steaiiioitt to puss under, and yet allows a local roaduny to be kept for passenger traffic going across. The keoper'N house, just nlwve on the Jeft, is very tidy and comfortable-looking. In fact just rounding this^ cutting — that same one lasts a\ good way — a great impi ossion of tlm ?Wilson's Sckimo Vsavtiss, as ^w 11 as of the gardens and toiit gi owing capabilities of that very &E- trnofcivB spot, itt(iy»bo grasped by even a hurrying traveller when a cyclonic dintuibance in -upon tho verge of bursting -» or the peaceful scene. The inlet of tho river, its backwater to speak correctly, tuns up into the land on tho southern side, and evid ently gave the foundation for tho name of the place. Mountainous country, which is climbed around by vi ell graded sidlings, affords charming poops of the river from a high 'vant age point Often imagined that tho latter had disappeared in sinuous corves which must bring it clow to theMnria (these rivet's wore named after a sergeant of tho .Sappers and Miners and his wife in thceaily days of Poit Macquario). But then again a view is again obtained far below thu track, which in in glittering contrast fcn a threatening, very lowering sky and- dark-green, surroundings. But get towards Cooperabiing. The sky Ap peared 'determined upon decided ac tion, so noticing fresh tracks upon a cross road leading towards the river one took it — a wise action, as it turned out, for just as the preludo to a deluge began shelter was obtained . Thb Coontev'8 Physical Features. Thore is a mixture of hill and dale in the trip between Telegraph Point and Kempsoy. It is very marked after traversing high ranges, orssomc times small ones, dropping ill most un expectedly upon creeks with brushy {surroundings and beautiful- deep black or dark brown soil, which fact proves the high value of an acre of soil on the North Coast This locality, which once all com-' prised an out station that was similar to what Gloucester had in its wealth circumscribed patches of extra first class land,' absorbed within country which is on a whole much lower down in the scale of the Lands Department al roster. , Smith's Greek, with its sinuous windings, affords good pieces of cul tivation, together with (sufficient level ?space for homes to bo built upon ; also fruit gardens and trees will grow there. Corn can l-e obtained up to 60 bushuls (I don't believe in over estimating capabilities of soil), and, in addition, grazing for stock will easily be found by aid of a Jittlo work with adzo and axe on the slopes. Smith's and Scrubby Creeks provide instances of cases for homes and ag griculture in brush and forest country. When mosquitoes ure virulently attacking neck- and face, precluding all hopes of shaving with safety within the next two or three days, and. when the other hand,' which does -not ? keep their battalions diminished in number, ia wiping off streams of perspiration, its hard upon the temper of an ordin ary journalist to wateh every little matter of interest that crops up on his -self-taken journey. The cup is. filled to o'crflowing wlien » - heavy storm of tho species of completely penetrating rain that especially favors the coast (when it docs come) descend ed in torrents for ncArly four ' ot the last miles. The cleared land on either side, more particularly on the right, with its patches of fodder, gave, an idea of what wealth in dairying lies on the Macleay'u outer fringe and away from the -river's . banks. The chief surprise lay in approaching and traversing the wide belt of suburban surroundings which lie 'before the river is come upon. ' , 