 CU URENJ TOPICS. New Insolvent.--Edward Jackson, of Launceston, leather dealer, has filed a petition. with the Registrar (M\r. N. V. Barnett) for the liquidation of his affairs. !Iis liabilities are estimated at about £150. Newnham Races.--The May meeting of the Newnham Racing Club will take place at Mowbray on Saturday. The lirst race will start at 1.45, and trains will leave the Launceston Railway Sta tion for the course at 1.10 and 1.25 p.m. City Council.-The city coiucil will meet as uisBal on Monday. After the town clerk has read the minutes, his Worship the Mayor (Alderman WV C. Oldham) will make a short reference to his late Majesty King Elward. No busi ness will be *transacted, and the meeting will adjourn for a fortnight. Trimmer Injured.-A trimmer engaged on the t.s. Loongana m?et with a rather serious accident on Tuesflay night, when the vessel was coming from Melbourne. it appears that while working in the stoke-hold he slipped and fell, severely in juring his back. Upon arrival of the vessel at the wharf the injured sman received medical attention. Serious Charge.--ln the case of the elderly man Jolhn Rushton, who stands charged on two counts with a serious of fence, alleged to have been committed at Gladstone, a remand until to-morrow has been granted. This course was the outcome of anl application to Mr. E. L. I[all, P.M., made yesterday morning by lDetective-lnspcctor Donovan, who ex. plained that the adjournment was by ar. raugement. The accused was present in custody. Remarkable Discovery.-The workmen engaged in excavation operations on the site of Nestle's milk condensing factory, at Warrnambool (Vie.), have come across what is believed to be a petrified human hand. It was unearthed at a depth of 20 feet, and is complete from the wrist to the finger points. The finger nails are clearly defined. The object resembles a clay substance similar to the ground in which it was discovered. It most probably will be procured for the local museum. Engines Derailed.-Last evening's train from Scottsdale to Launceston met with a slight accident, which delayed her arrival in town by about an hour. When the train was approaching the Tunnel station the engine left the rails. After an hour's delay, during which time the engine was replaced on the metals, the train continued its journey. The mail train from IIobart also suffered a de tention of about two hours yesterday morning. The delay was caused by a breakdown of the engine before reaching Conara. A.N.A.-The fortnightly meeting of the Australian Natives will be held at S o'clock to-night in the classroom of the Mechanics' Institute. The committee will meet at 7.30 for the transaction of important business. Unless the meeting be adjourned on account of the demise of the King, several questions of inter est will be discussed. The matter of issuing members' certificates will be dealt with, and oflicers for the ensuing term nominated. The syllabus item will be extempore speaking, which should cause a good deal of amusement. The public, as usual, are cordially invited. 'lheosophy.-"Life's Mysteries and the Answer of Theosophy," was the subject of a lecture delivered by Mr. IMartyn, president of the Sydney Theosophical Lodge, at the local rooms, Tamar-street, last night. Life he regarded as the unfolding of a divine germ-a germ which was planted in every human breast. This idea involved the brotherhood of man, which was the one fundamental idea of theosophy-a brotherhood not implying equality, however. This divine germ Sassumed many forms, as illustrated in the different races of the world, and coming into life again, and again gradually gain ed experience and attained perfection. An interesting discussion followed. Accident on a Ketch.-A youth named Basil Stephens was brought to the city yesterday by the river steamer Rowitta t suffering from severe burns. The in juries were received while he was work ing with his father on the auxiliary ketch William, at Beauty Point. From infor mation received, it appears that Stephens was attending to the engine, but as an order to go astern was not obeyed, the f master of the vessel went to invcstigate, and looking down the cabin hatch, found t the boy lying across the engine. lie had 1 evidently been overpowered by the gas - fumes, as he was in an unconscious t condition. The heat from the engine 1 had also severely burnt the boy's foot and leg. Passengers Disappear.--Ouring the voyage from London to Australia of the I Royal Mail Orient liner Ophir, which ar rived at Port Melbourne on Monday, two t third-class passengers disappeared at dif Cerent stages of the trip, and in each case it is supposed that the missing men jumped overboard. The first of these Stragic incidents happened the night fol Slowing the departure of the liner from Marseilles, and although a strict search was made for the missing man, no trace of him was discovered. Subsequently, Slwhen the vessel was crossing the Indian I Ocean, a second man was missed, and was not afterwards seen. He is said to Shave been peculiar in his manner for some time previously: Both of the men, by a comincidence, were booked for Fremantle, - but they yvere strangers to one another. The King's Funeral.-The council of Sthe Traders' Association will to-day give e consiselration to the suggestion made 1 by the MIayor (Alderman W. C. Oldham) in yesterday's "Eixaminer," that the business places should close-on Friday Safternoon, 20th inst., in lieu of Wednes dad so as to ensure all the employees getting away in time to attend the "in memoriam" services for the late King. to be held on that day. The meeting will take place at 11 o'clock. The chair man (hMr. C. Dempster) has informed his Worship that several of the members are inclined to fall in with the proposal. - Tt is understodd, however, that there are others who favour closing both after noons, whilst a third proposal is that the shops should remain open on Wed neeay, and be closed throughout the whole of the Friday. The matter will be billy disonsmed at to-day'. meeting. A Snaring Covw.-Recently several per sons residing at a boarding.-ous at Stawell, Victoria, drew the borough coun. cil's attention to a nuisance caused by the repeated mooing throughout the night of a cow in an adjoining ard, The matter was reported to the health inspector (Mr. George Humphreys), who on Friday evening replied as follows. "As regards the mooing of the cow I have made a pathological examinatlon of this animal, and from information re. ceived as to its peculiarities, find that the quadruped, like many bipeds, suffers from al particular physical failinii known comunonly as snoring. I have spoken to the owner, who has promised me that in future this cow' will not be allowed to dine so freely before retiring for the night, and, in consequence of this, I do not think there need be any fear that for some time, at least, the cow and her dissatisfied neighbours will not be able to enjoy the benefit of a peaceful slumber." Girls' Industrial School.-The usual monthly meeting of the ladies' com. mittee was held on Tuesday at the resi. dence of Mrs. Button, when there were present-Mrs. Button (in the chair), Mrs. A. Clarke, Miss Mosey, and Mrs. Scott (secretary). Apologies were received from Mesdames Barnes and Lakin. The matron's report was read, and considered satisfactory. It showed that the general health and conduct of the girls was good. Two little girls had been admitted dur. ing the month. The weekly gymnasium class had been reopened, Miss A. White again kindly acting as instructress. The committee was indebted to Mr. Coogan for the gift of eight pairs of clubs for the use of the class. It was decided to make an effort in the form of a concert in aid of the piano fund, this being a much-felt want. The usual accounts were passed for payment, and the follow. ing contributions were thankfully acknowledged:-"Courier" and daily paper, "Examiner" office; pears. Mrl. Wheatley; vegetables and fruit, Margaret-street harvest festival; jam, a friend; apples, a friend; buns, IMr. Innocent; fruit and vegetables, Iadspen harvest festival; vegetables, Mrs. Price. Solar Observatory for Australia.-Lec. turing on the "Romance of the Atmo. epherc," at the Town Hall, HIobart, on Tuesday night, and dwelling largely on the methods of weather forecasting, MIr. Clement Wragge touched upon the sub. ject of la astronomical and solar ob. servatory for Australia. This, lie point. ed out would be a great deal more re. liable and accurate than the system at present in use, for it was the change in the colour systemnthat more often than not caused the change in the weather, and airected the seasons. While in India he had even been able to forecast the stay of disease simply by observing the chaniges of weather that wouhi be wrought by disturbances in the solar system. lfe was pleased to hear that there was a possibility of an observa tory being erected on the site of 'the proposed federal capital at Yass-Can berra, and he was doubly pleased 'because while he was in the Queensland Meteoro. logical Department he had constantly ad vocated this site, but he liad.been laugh. ed at. "But I knew it, I knew it," said he. "They thought old Wragge was wrong, but now they've found out that he's right." (Applause.)-"Daily Post." Weather Forecasts.-Apropos of some recent remarks in the "Examiner" on the subject of weather forecasting, it is interesting to note that notwithstand. ing the inauspicious date, the Meteorolo. gical Office, London, on April 1 inaugu rated a new and interesting departure as regards its forecasts. Hitherto (says a London paper), in deference to the cproverbial fickleness of the British cimate, these have been for. 24 hour only, but in future, when the condition appear to warrant it, a forecast for several days ahead will be issued. .n illustration of the possibilities in this respect has been afforded by the weta ther of the past weec, the barometer very generally standing high, the condi. tions being known to meteorologists as anti-cyclonic, and such as normally would justify a forecast of fine weather dur ing several days. On the other hand, with an unsettled type of weather such as is commonly associated with cyclonic disturbances, the prospects are lesi easily gauged, and in such circumstances the Meteorological Office will in future frankly say so. An intimation of these differences in the outlook will, it is hoped, prove especially useful to agri culturists. Recruiting Labour.-Considerable in. terest has been manifested in the en deavours of the Queensland sugar com panies to recruit labour in Tasmania, and the efforts of the agents have been com bated in more than a few quarters. At an open-air meeting held at the Cornwall Squ.-re last night, under the auspices of the local Labour people, Senator ReadV, in a general way, urged the labourers lwho had been attracted by the offers of remunerative employment not to under mine unionism, 'which the signing of the agreement drawn up by the mill pro prietors practically meant. Mr. E. Evans, secretary of the Tasmanian branch of the A.W.U., explained the clauses of the agreement in a manner calculated to im press 'the workers with the idea that labour on the Queensland sugar planta. tions would not be all it 'had been repre sented to be. A resolution was passed to tihe effect that, in view of the terms of thee agreement the men were required to sign, and also in view of information re ceived from union sources that there 5ss plenty of local labour obtainable, it would be detrimental to the best interests of the workers of Tasmania and also the Queensland sugar workers if the agree ment were signed. Tie meeting also pledged itself not 'to sign the proposed agreement, and 'to use its 'best endeavours to prevent it being signed by others, a° it w?as believed to be directly opposed to organised labour. "Downing-street" Sent to fee the Colonies.-"Note on a visit to Auss tralia, New Zealand, and Fiji," is the title of a short White Paper (says the "Daily Mail"), which inaugurates a new epoch in the history of the Colonial Office. It is a step to replace red tipi by personal contact and friendship, to send the permanent officials in Downing street out to see the dominions whiol they have hitherto known chiefly in Blue Books. Lord Crewe, the Colonial Secre tary, adopted the new idea from s proposal made by Mr. Dealkin at the Im' perial Conference of 1907. He sent out Sir Charles Lucas, the Assistant Permsa nent Under-Secretary, and now Sil Charles has written a brief note on thi lessons lie learnt. He admits that the time spent, seven months, was too short, and that the fact that he stayed mostly with Governors may have coloured his views. But 'he saw on the spot the origin of 'the colonial feeling again"s "Downing-street," and that the remedy is cheapness and frequency of coimmuni cation. Owing to the cost of cablegrams lie noticed in the Australasian press "half-knowledge" of home affairs, whki lie says, may have a dangerous effect of public opinion. He notes the good re' sult of the Imperial Press Conference i a cheapening cablegrams, but urges tbt personal visits are still more valuble. "I earnestly -hope for further cheaspensi of steam communication, and shold welcome any measure which would ple visits to England more within -reach " SLabour representatives." He urges re petition of visits like his by permnlee officials. He speaks very highly of cr Zealand-"it would be difficult to pai to any part of the world which combirt Smore advantages within the same spe --and considers tiat inadequate t'n and telegraphic communication with j haaaot tha High ommsluiona r, J Conferences in Hobart.-Two import ant conferences. are being projected, and twill take place in Hobart in the course of a few days. One will be that of fruitgrowers, to consider a letter from at Messrs. Henry Jones and Co., Limited, with respect to a scheme for exploiting da new markets in the East in connection cO with the export of fruit. The other will be a conference of members, of the IV, Chamber of Commerce and others inter- by ested in the subject of the new railway lhi station for Hobart. In connection with this very desirable object it is necessary Vi (says the "Mercury"), that something to definite should he rormulated, and aC T' united voice raised for better and iran- ~ proved railway facilities in time for the to fortheoning meeting of the State Par liament, when several matters of rail- hl way policy and railway management a are likely to be debated. Halley's Comet.-Our Stanley corre- m spondent writes:-Halley's comet has to been so frequently seen by Stalley rcsi- si dents as to induce thle familiarity which Is said to breed contempt. The impres- of sions of those favoured with a view are b) somewliat conflicting, but all express dis- fo appointment at the celestial visitor's lack I a of imposing personality, so to speak. Cer- uc tsinly, one estimable townsman, "going to home witli the milk in the morning," re- Di ports the appearance of twin comets of S1 fearsome aspect, which lashed fiery tails, es after the nmaunner assumed by hungry de lions. His statement was considered s highly interesting, and has been filed at tie local observatory, pending confirms- 1 tion. It is to be hloped that the report b3 may be substantiated, as the incident fur- 1D mishes about the sole relieving feature a, in connection with this much-boomed ;, comet. Of course, Halleys production al may prove satisfactory to most people, se but this community takes a large size ,1 in comets and absolutely declines to ac- M cept an article that wouldn't find a place NM in a ssvoud-rate circus. II The Eclipse.--Our Stanley correspon- tc deu?t writes under date Wednesday:-- in The almost total eclipse of the sun occa- to sioned much interest on Monday, and tilhe ci favourable weather conditions mnade hi every stage distinctly visible. At the [dnal stage but a minute streak remained is nmobscured, and the gradually fading at light had a weird effect. Smoked glass Is everywhere predominated, and through 0 its medium ex'tced groups ioted the l] changing aspect of the world's illuminary. U Those most conversant with the mysteries mc of the solar system obt:ained strong w glasses at the nearest "pub," and their N observations were regarded as the more Z occurate. To the writer. 'however, Itheir observations appeared singularly iudi.- : cinet and incoherent, but this may ihave 1 ibeen due to an excited imaginwcion. pl Others arrived on the scene provided withl i specially-prepared telescopes, and the ci primitive smoked glass in the immuediate 5 vicinity suffered a decided slump in local n estimation. The sense of relief to all fi sighters was apparent when, shortly be- t. fore retiring to rest. Old Sol beamed forth as brightly as before.his temporary .obscuration. t Poultry, Pigeons, and Canaaces.-A profitable hour can always be spent in I viewing a good show of poultry, pigeons, 'and eags birds, and such an exhibition was witnessed at the Temperance Hall yester-. day afternoon and evening. It was the occasion of the initial show of the iLaunceston Poultry Club, an organisation that has not yet been in existence a I year. The committee, however, is an active body, and when it first mentioned the idea of holding a young bird show, the matter was taken up warmly, more especially by the young breeders, and the 1 eresult was a splendid exhibition of poultry, pigeons, and canaries. The entries in the two last-named classes (were principally supplied by members of the N.T. Canary, Cage Bird, and Pigeon Society, this exhibition taking the place of the latter body's monthly young bird show. Tile exhibits were of splendid quality, some very fine poultry being ppenned. A resident of Surrey Hills, Victoria, who is spending a few months "in this city, and who has conducted a large poultry farm for several years, was b. visitor to the ball, and he declared that ie was favourably impressed with the show of poultry, some of which would k*i credit to the show pens of the larger states. Man, whose industrial occupations and sporting and political life have been in vaded by the new woman, is going to be completely revenged. It has been ar ranged that he shall wear gorgeous at tire, more strikingly brilliant than any thing he has hitherto donned. As to any very distinct change in footwear our authority is silent. Petterd and Co. continue to supply the best quality of boots and shoes in the most fashionable shapes. Boot Palace prices are still the towest in the state. Tel. 191.* Got a sold? Don't let it grow into a cough that might end in consumption. Tussine, the great'chest preserver and lung healer, is waiting to rout all the cough from your chest. It acts quickly; it cures surely. If you want the best cough remedy on the market, you must buy Tussine, the cough cure. Price 1/6 anmd 2/G--Hatton and Laws. Druggists, Launceston.* Beaconsfield.-Mr. R. Stewart Padman, Ophthalmic Optician and Sight/Specialist, .vill visit Beaconsfield on Wednesday, May 18, and may be consulted at Mlorgan's Exchange Hotel from 1 p.m. to 9 p.m. Intending clients are invited to commu nicate with head office, 62 St. John-street, .iunceston, when special appointment ?ill be arranged.* Diamonds are Trumps at Stewart's. 'Our display of diamond half-hoop and gipsy rings is especially good just now. ITe have diamond rings from four pounds to fifty-five pounds each." You are in Cited to inspect thei.-Fli. and W. Stewart, Jewellers, 100 Charles-street, Launceston.* 