 Primeval Earth (To the editor of the Horsham Times.) Sir,-The anticyclones and cyclones are governed by eternal law and order like other manifestations in an endless universe; and by their interaction and mutual interdependence we get rain and sunshine, calms and gales in accordanee with the action of minor laws and effects in relation to latitude and physical geography. Does Mr. Lawson, who is an aggregation of corpuscular mites crystallised into dense corporeal form like the rest of usin an all pervading ethereal ocean, really mean to say that if he prays to the Most High, asking Him to change for his (Mr. Lawson's) benefit the contouring of the barometric gra dients so as to produce rain when his neighbor that he should love as him self wants fine weather for washing day his prayer will be answered? It is high time that Mr. Lawson — and my best salaams to him — got a higher conception of that Eternal Energy Whom men call God. Let him pray for enlightenment and Divine wisdom. As to Faith, I ask him point blank to answer for the public benefit, directly and without evasion, each of the following questions: (1) What have you to say from your point of view about the human skull lately found in Correze, France, dating back 300,000 years, and of the other skull just discovered in Spain going back to 600,000 years, which were pictured and specially referred to in the Illustrated London News ? And do you think that the geologists and anthropologists of Europe are all fools ? (2) How do you account for the discovery of the remains of tropical flora and fauna by Commander Peary near the North Pole, and of coal mea- sures by Sir Ernest Shachleton near the South Pole ? (3) What was the origin of the gig- antic statues in human form, some of which are 36 feet high, and of the marvellous script to b found in Eas ter Island? (1t) What is the history of .Easter Island, and by what, means were it and Tierra Del Fuego first inhabited ? (5) What have you to say about the ancient sacred books of the East — far more ancient than the Bible. (6) Do you believe that Samuel hewed Agag in pieces acting on the direct command of the Most High; or the Infinite Dynamo of an Eternal Cosmos'? . (7) Do you believe that all men — Mohamedans, Hindus — and all the rest — except Christians of the Elect, what ever that may mean, are, or were in danger of EVERLASTING damnation because a poor, frail woman some 6000 years ago is alleged to have eaten an apple. (8) Who was Moses, and what of his credentials for a accuracy and up-to date journalism? Now, Faith, my dear fellow — and my love to you — answer these questions straightforwardly, clear the ground once and for all, and don't needlessly occupy space in a valuable paper — Yours, etc, CLEMENT L WRAGGE 