 THE YEAR'S PROSPECTS. At ihis time, the beginning ? of tlie new year, the chief anxiety of the pastoralist, the farmer (that is, tlie^ grower of wheat, oats; and field pro ducts generally, on a large scale), the fruit grower, the dairyman,- and all : those . who depend upon the land v and the climatic .conditions, even the miner, sho.uld be as to .what the pros pects are for the autumn, winter, spring, and summer seasons, that are !/ in front of them. The remainder of tie present summer months (January and February) may be regarded as harvest and rest time ; and they are only of value as probable indicators of what is. to follow. The most nat ural and the best season of the fust two months in the year is, for these , . distriq{js,_a time . of light- rainfall, as that generally presages a wet autumn which gives a filip to the - settlers' hopes for the pastoral, agricultural, and dairying seasons. It does not need 'astronomers and meteorologists to tell/men- on /the land that the sun plays , a- . great, and essential -part in nature, as they know from practical experience that his influence is ne cessary to prepare the soil, to germ - iuate the seed, and to ripen it for harvest; and he knows further that Tie pla^s an important part in the regulation of the atmosphere, the temperature, the climate, \ and the seasons. But they do need the help of the' students of science in order to ascertain the effects of the sun, and what may be expected- of the' great planet on the seasons from . year to year—to find out what sea- j sons -will -give plenty»and what scarc ity in the products of the land. We endeavour to study these guides, and to g-ive readers the, benefit : of our r researches ; and we may say . that . th'e.ieientists . agree :.that - the- spots . o-it the sunrs surface -are the -secret' of the planers influence -on the sea - sons. As Mr. Clement L. 'Wrag'ge ?puts-it; the sun- is subject to. moods — to 'good homour and bad humour, to activity and -rest ; that the time frojtf the quiet to the active mood ; is three and a. half- years/^aiid from the' active' to^the quiet .mood -abottt seven and a half years; that these spots are gigantic hurricanes, pierc ing and tearing and ripping through the sun's three main atmospheres which the human- mind cannot form the faintest exception, and that they are the centres of solar cyclones. The scientists can tell us when each mood is paramount, and its effect, when they presage drought and when plen,ty of rain, floods, earthquakes, and terrible v.olcanic eruptions, &fi. Hence, Mr. J. Harcourt Giddons qould on February 18 last warn our readers of the approach of floods in the early part of the following month; and, though the scientific weather prophets were astray in their general forecasts for the year 1909, they were agreed that the southern and inland parts of this state would be favoured with sufficient rains to se cure the crops from failure. Mr. Ogg, the Queensland observer, for in stance, was able to assure the farmers of these parts a comparatively good yield of grain. Now, we advise hien on the land to pay particular atten tion to the forecasts for this year, when they get them. We already have Mr. 'Giddons', and it is not en couraging. It states that the first three months of the year will be hot and dry, with few chhanges in this state, Victoria, South Australia, and Tasmania, that even April rain will be scanty; and he does not give hope of good rain until the end of August. This is a most discouraging forecast, and it is to be hoped it will prove to be ill-founded: yet it is worth noting by pa'storalists who have to deal in stock', by farmers who have to prepare the seed-bed for the year's cultivation, and by, others - who de pend upon the rainfall. The farmer particularly should fallow his land where he can afford to do so, and he should plough deeply and well. It would be as well to break up the land roughly in order to store as much as possible of whatever rains and moisture do fall. A thoroughly prepared seed-bed should be laid down, and the sowing and tilling should be accompanied with fertil isers. Should good autumn rains fall, then it will be all the better that good preparation had been made for unfavourable conditions. From time to time we shall endeavour to get the best information we can for the gudancie and help of our readers; and they will have to do the rest. 