 1" Jl?aM'^^8BiCgTT77ir.-.y,"»; BRIEF MENTION. More climatic changer. Lwb week ond oaw a big drop in tetnprra'urea, with more or less rain. The thermometer la ouco again climbing up. The back of the summer may be broken, bafc it appiara to have b lot of vitality loft* A special mooting of the Municipal Council haa boon called for to-night (Faiday)£)r the purpose of electing & Mayor for the ensuing year. Local fruit garJena are in splendid order oince the recent rain«, and the display at the Methodist Fruit Show lieib weolc ahoul i bean abractive one. The Shire President far 1010 will be chouen at a special meeting of tho Oojbang Shire Council on Monday morning prior to tho ordinary meet ing. Shooting at the now rifle rauge a,t Molong on Anniversary Day Chptain W. Diy'od the Bum^ury'Olub. put on five • bullies ' without a sighter and fol lowed thia up by aiding two mora. Offing to tho ad v moo in wages and material the locil b'askimibhq hivo found it necessary to riviae thoir shoe ing rates, the oh\r&lt;es being aligbbly in creased in all seotijnB. ta reply to ho request £>r a woi.gh bridge lib Diroulnlgie th&lt;> Tliilway Commissioners inbimb • th^'v tho limi ted traflij does nob warrant tho expense that would be incurred. Our local joweller, AGP Bollin ger, has just im pot ted a geuuino lever watch in gun metal case which at the prtoo baoge croation. It ia guaranteed for 12 months and oaly coata 151 Sd.* It is rumored in aome qu irtors thab there it) a possibility of a Municipal bye-electijon at an early dat®. A Muni cipal ontesb juat at the proB'Jtib junc ture would bo lively and interesting. Miis Oamoron'a meebing at Weat'j. Hi*!! the other evening was the mos orderly joplitscod gathering wc have ever attended. 5Thoro was not a solitary interjection orinC^rpptiou from start bo finish. Tho annual meriting of couimonotu called for laBt Thtersday oveuing, lapsed for want o"f ajbbofldttinoo, Nob a solitary commoner —ttoti oven a Truoteo-|-put in an appoaranco at fcho appointed hour. Door slip®! from la 6d to 6rl each Oarpeb-bedside slips and In 6d li l'ld 2-163. Hciarth ruga at 3s 6d 5a 6d 7/6 and 10a 6d oaob. All widths and q-i »litioa for linoleums at It S Howard ®nd Sons® District farmers should look out for fche demonstration in ensilage-making at the experimental plota on Mr Noah's (farm. Wo hopo to bo able to annonnoo tho exMfc date of tho demon«feration in a couple of weeks. .The Peak Hill " Elxproaa " man com pUiOri that'tbe mosquitoes arobecoming fth awful pest out tfnfc way. Wait till you meet aomo Bogan GroyB in b itfJo «ray, Mac. Then (if you live to toll fthe tale) you will bo able ta write fjol ingly on tho subject. A public mooting at Peak Hill efttv riod a resolution in favor of the estab liahccionb of a Soliool of Arfja at that cootm. The Mayor and oome of tho other rwfii-donta oppoaod the proposal, and fchore a big chance that tho Dchomc will coHfipoo for tho proaont. .Tho three Sonatorht candidates in fcha Xiabor iuteroBtn aro announced to iinentk W1 Hoyal Hall thlw (Ifiid&y) ZmL. throo A'» (' Albert' Gardiner,V # ' MoDongolI, and • Arthu'1' R'ltf) a lont* dry alrad, and bhe po^itfivl pojjbt- h s'nwn by John Norton will not'tfco path any smoother. Something for tho Lidioa—W Mouideu at the corner shop has jinh opened up a Hue fiBSortmont of Toilet EeqisitioH, of ovory kind, ouch as slcin Boap, Violotta ao»p, cold oroana and glycerine, Witch Harsolino Snow, violet powder and perfumes of tho boat raalcors. All at low prioop, Call ^ud iuupuut4 The Rev W Finlay Brown, returna i homo from hiB holiday at the seaside to-day (Friday). Try Oortwright'o famous Hop Beer The Spmmer beverage. Once taafeed always aokod for.—0 Mr F P Goudgo haa Bucoeaafully undergone a aerioua operation ^ in Sydney, find at latest waa making favorable progress. Millars Mart, the Did established noted hou»e for bedsteads, bedding, and wirj mattrassea.^ The training triick at the loc»l race course haa been ploughed, and also harrowed sever il times, aince the late rains, and i&lt; now in splendid order. Messrs J Shirlaw and Co aonouncea a great bargain oale commencing on Saturday next, 5r,h February, when they will give a 10 per oenfc redaction. A cadefc corpB haa been formed in Molong, but we have not heard of any, fresh development iu connection with the projected establishment of a lical corps. The appointment of Mr A. L Fitz pa'rick, hou of Mr J 0 L Fitzpatriok M.L. 4, aa second lieutenant iu the Australian Army Sorvico 0 irps, h»a been gazetted. Mr F W Giles oE " JeBsefiold" an nounces iu our advertising columns that li3 haa seid wheat (Uomebaek, Federation, and American Prolific) for sale and will forward samples and prices on application. [n'onding exhibitors at the Methodist Ffuit Show and Industrial Ilixhibi ion aro remindo.l o'jafc eutries cIobo ou Monday, 7 th inst, with 1 he hon pborot ary, Mr P A Deeming, care of Messrs R S Howard and Son". Our boo'R anrl shoe* aro ft pleawe to wear. For there's good vajuo an 1 fitting in every pair. JuBt give us a trial and satisfaction ib Bitro,'Cor once haviug worn them, you alwavs want more, R S Howard and Sons* The cookery classes in connection with the Toohnical Education D >part« ment will be re-opened in the Masonic Hall on Monday n?jft, under tho dir ection of Miss Davison, from whom oil particular may be obtained. Nominations for tho priucipal events at tho second annual meeting of the Western District Racing Association which takes place at Orange on the 15th and 16th close with tho eooratary (Mr W Lamrock) on Monday nest. Mr Francis Foy, who paid a viaitto Parkea la&lt;rt week, has generously do nated 50 0OV9 towards the prize money for the annuU mooting of tLe Pftt,^a | Jookoy Olub nex1; vear (1911), tho amount to be divided into two evenln of 21) bovb, the competitors in each to be the progeny of any of Mr Foy s aires. Tho Committoo of tho Fruit Show and Industrial Exhibition to bo held1 in West's hall on February Dili and 10th are offering U 5s in prisas in tho wheat seotion of the Bchedul . Thia ib a progressive move and one that should merit enourago oent from the {armors of tho difltnP^ P Denning hon socrotary.* i Sampjoa of the grain from the ex perimental plote on Mr Natih s farm may bo at Mefflira Boyd ana | Clark's office The samples have been submitted to the usual teat and show the t following weight por bushol;— Skinlbsa barley, lbs; malting bar ley, 541bs; Bobs whoat, 04; I how 6B£ : Bunyip 62 , Rhymer 64 ; Fedor ution ■ 62jt; Comeback 65; Turvey (SPwpIfl gtraw) 63 IAt their sHHng on Friday last, for tho purpose of doahng witfa ^oatftouod applications for tho Mungory Closer Settlement blocks, tho Local Land iJottwi dtottod farm 25, of 1342 acres, i W MuMhows, ftu/J farm 59, of £ , M P J Jleardou. The op 1735 acroH. v" * , t(ivn% &lt;»&lt;> ' t plication of A Mobb .. - ^ " that 1419 aoroa waa withdrawn, anu ' of A G Marx,J for farm 13, of 18JJ acres, .adjourned to Peak HiH. W Dodge's application for farm 11 or 1291 aovop, was postponed to enablo applicant to inspect the bloojf. I The uarial monthly mating of the Goobang Shire Council will be hold on Monday next. ! .The Municipal barometer is very un settled and erratic, and it would need a civic Wraggs to framo a forecast; from it. Tho usud monthly meeting of the Farmers and Settlors Association will be held in the Royal Hall on Saturday afternoon. Mr A. S. Bilcombe haB been re*elec* fed PresiKrit of the Parkes P. and A. Association for the to ith time in Bou'ceosioa. A large contingent of district school touchers arrived by Saturday's train, to be in readiness for " the despatch of business " on Monday m irning. Mil'ftw Mart for household drapery, blankets, sheets, quilts, tible covers, curtains, towels, etc., also kitchen ware.# Tho annual meeting of shareholders in tho Parkos D&lt;ury Company, origin ally fixed for Monday last, Ins boon postponed udtil Wednesday, 9th insfc. A Ootidobolin paper f-ugueets that if the local Railway Leajjne is dead tjome effort should he made to intsr the re mains*, as tho wontborH very warm just now. The annual mooting of Condobeliu Hospitnl subscribers last week was de cidedly lively. There was not uauph of tho spirit of charity and sweet reason ableness about I ho proceadings. Mr F. M. Gibson, who has been ap pointed as manager of the Parkes But ter Factory in succession to Mr W Morrison, arrived on Tuesday, and has entered upon bis duties. Tbo foundation sto^eof tho Burcher operating theatre in ^connection with the Gondobolin hospital was well and tru'y laid on Wednesday week. Thore was a largo attendance and the function was a big sacco e. No man need be without a decent timekeeper when ho cau buy a watch guaranteed for 12 months for the moderate sum of 15s 61. Our local jeweller, A G P Bollinger, wiil be pleaded to show them to any porson in* throated.1* Parkeo cricketera had a rattling good lime at Molong, ani speak in glowing terms of the hospitality oxtouded to thorn. Piirkes will do its bast to return tho comp'iment when theMolong team oomo in Bearch of thoBe aahe?, Grenfoll folk are reviving the agi tation for direotjrailway communication with Forbes, Tha'action of the Minis tor in failing to redeem his promise to plaoe the Forbes-Stockinbingal route before tho Public Works Committee hag apparency given them fresh hope I Every good cook will toll you that enamelled aaijcopangi are absolutely necessary in preparing a good woal, RS Howardand Sons have just. landed a large assortment which thoy are ' selling as follows :—3 pints 2b 6d 1 each, 4 pints 3s ; 7 pints 3d Od ; and Is 1 pints 4s Gd® j The annual tj* rnee itig and concert in connrctiou with St Pauls Church, • Tichboutnn, is announced for Wed neuday, lbth insfc. Tho gathering is ono of th/o events of the year, and 1 every preparation is bejng made to on- 1 | suro that £ho rounjion of ifllQ will bo' up to tb&lt;» standard of previous year-', 1 At a conference hotweon tho proprie tors and employees in the various,local blaoksmithing establishments, hold at Mr Westcott's factory on Monday evening, it was agreod to retain the Saturday half-holiday. The suggestion to alter the half-holiday to Wednesday w.ib strongly opposed by the employee". 11' o looal Goftvofft §chool re-oponod, nflor tho usual OhriiiirnaBjvaoafcioj), ori Monday last. Thore have booh eovoral changes in tho efcjff but candidates will bo ppopared, asiin previous years, for the various munoil osanjiqatioao, both Iiujorotionl and prao ioal, held du'in:* the year. !?Uddeiito will also be prepared for the bursary examinations jnconuootion with St StauiolaaoColloge Path unit, Millar» M-ut for secondhand Htoved all make&lt;&lt;, portable coppois, waahetands batha, etc.® Parkes is badly in oeed of a few en thusiasts to give the local Rifle Olab an impetus. The Forbe9 Municipal Council pro ceeded againsb about; 30 defaulting ratepayers on Tuesday last and obtained verdicts with costs in each case. Mr Goo Ross, late editor of the " WeBtern Reminder," left I or McPhail on Monday fco take up his duties as j teacher of the school at that centre. ! The Local Land Board ha1? boen en* gaged during the week in dealing with a lengthy list of cases and will sit again at Parkes on Friday, 11th inst, Messrs Whitmill and Loader have been re-elected aa vice-presidents of the P. and A. Association, and Mr H. W« Bransgrove re-elected as Treasurer. . Printed drees muslins and cotton voiles usually priced from Od to la 3d now reduced to all one price 6£d per yard- RS Howard and So &lt;6* Mr T. J. Scoble advertises that lie is prepared to recoive]goods and farniture for sale on coramHsion, in addition to all the usual forms of agency buBinesPi At tho Licensing Conrfc on Wed* uosdaya booth license for tho Trundle fjports on TuesJay noxfc was granted to T. M. Green of tho Union Hotel Trund'e. Tho South Coast and tableland milk suppliers are at variance, and a milk war is Bpoken of, A lot of milk may b^ spilt before the dispute is settled, but no one is likely to bo injured.) Mr Wylio of the Publip Works Dj* partmcut visited Parkes on Tuesday for the purpose of investigating the Bn^neial aspect of the suggested Bup* pldSheiitary water supply at Bumbury, Ready made window blinds with roller fitfctings complete 2s 6d each Lapo curtains from 2s 6,1 to 17s 6d pair R S Howard and Sons complete House FurniturerB^ One of tho latest productions in the watch world is now being shown by A G F Bollingor, the looal jeweller. It is a gtin metal lever, and nicely finished and is being sold for the small Bum of 15s 6d.® The first case in connection with the BlopB nuisanco wi»b heard on Wednesday when tho offender was Sued 10a. The Inspector of Nuisances is on tho look out for other transgressor^ who will fiud it wise to heed Wednesday's warn i»g. A Peak Hill message states that •"Messrs M'Grath and Hand were driv ing to Tomingley, and when two miles from Peak Hill the horae gave a plunge and throw them out of the vehicle. Tho animal refused to pro ceed any further- and the men had to walkbaok and obtain another horse. ' Attractions each night afc the Fruit: Show on February 9, 10, and 11, Pianof )rfc), flinging and rocifcinpf com petition*. Humorous items such aa apple bobbin?, nail driving for ladies, ptcM etc, Soheduloa now in circula tion to bo procured from tho secretary, Mr P Donning.® A terrific cyclone, accompanied by hail and boavy rain swopt over Bre warriua diatrict on Friday evening causing between £10,000 and £15,000 tfimago. Public buildings, bijsitjosg places, ehureboa, and homes were ' wreofced in all dirootionf, and smaller animal i wi re killod. Many housoi , will have to be robuilt. J Spoaking at Bugowra on Friday last Mr Waddoll, who was oxcellently re ceived, referred to tho railway com. 1 munioation with Eugowsra, and said 1 that the railway from Oowra to Oano ! wiudra would bo completed in June I next. Tho distanco to construct from Oanowindra fco Iflugowra was about (bwpnty mifea. His colleague (Mr Lee) bad pronged ||im thf>fc trjal survey 1 of this; lino should be made as toon asi I possible. The Government was fully ' alive to the great importance of the J construction of branch lines to tho rich diptricts not yob Rorvod, and had been pressing works of this kind on with grea^euergy during the laBb few yearn, 