 THE. REV. T. S. ORAWFQRD AND LIBERALISAI. Our rev. critic, in the communi oatio^ns we traversed in an article in last issue, niade the astounding declaration that ' the Labour Party grants a fuller degree of in dividual liberty than does the Liberal.' This assertion is eo out rageously out of proportion with Xlio real truth that vveanrelyshpuld be able to. congratulate ourselves upon our moderations when we are content to designate it merely .a figment of the imagination. Mr. Orawiord knows, an everybody else does, that when he signed the pledge of the Labour Party he bound himself down to the fight ing and general platform of the league, and, not only so, but if he should sucpeed in his candidature he will go into the- Federal Parlia-r ment bound hand and foot to the dictates of the Caucus. The cou ception of the parliamentary Labour Caucus is a politically im moral one. It is totally at vari ance with the most profound principle of parliamentary repre sentation. The leaders of the Socialistic Laborites are at great paips to explain away any practi cal refutation to their claim to individual freedom. Mr. Crawford repeats the m.anu.fa.ctured'explanH tipiOc-.r thi.B pa.lpab.le inconsie^ enoy. Let it be cheerful]}' ad mitted that every political party must expect obedience upon its general policy. Our syttem of party government pscissitatt's that. The parliamentary party must come together in order t.p formu late ils policy and line of action, even if the meetings be called a caucus, But the Ciiucus of the ordinary patty in Parliament ex acts no pledge, and any member can leave it the moment he con siders that tactics or proposals are ' out of harmony with' bis concep tion of what is due to the electors he represents. The Labour Party's caucus is something essentially different. A thousand 'and -one i^eslio^^rise^iiuj-ipg.^vg;^ of a Parliament upon --winch tb~e' Caucus of Uia't Party is called up on to deliberate and vote, bucl) as the life or death of a ministry, the attitude to be assumed toward.* some vital clause \n a measure, and much else. The Caucus meets, There' are twenty-five mrmbors present. AQLfr niuch wrangling and vituperation, an it is known ailVII Ui vuit'.lliuii i*. ...... u .w *iu quently developed during the de-r liberations of the State Parlia mentary Caucus, a decision is ultimately arrived at. Thirteen vote ojc way and twelve the other. The twelve go into the Chamber and vote directly against their 6acred conviction. Somethig of this sort actually occurreJ when the Reid Government was forced to mafco way for the Lyne-See Administration. Can the public not see, can Mr. Crawford not see, that this method is a direct stulti fication of representative govern ment, also of majority rule. We would also remind our rever end critic of the State Labour Party's attitude in the nefarious Land Scandals, and of the coal swelling Friedman case. When Mr. Law, for t«any years a pro minent member of the party, had the courage to break away from the thraldom of the caucus on that question, the true inwardness of the system was disclosed to an astonished public. Need we em phasise what the past history of the three years of Federal politics teaches in regard to the freedom of will and action of the pledged Labour members. The Federal Labour party, as we know, is com posed of freetraders and. protec tionists. 'Theoretically members were supposed fa be free to vote according to their fiscal con vie tionp, 3'et at every division during the discussion of the tariff, when the fate of the Government they were supporting depended upon a, block vote of the party, me,n like W. M. Hughes and Tom Brown were compelled 10 assent to the very principles they had repeatedly declared to be pernicious, and against the policy they had advo cated before their constituents. Had the position been revereed the Labour protectionists would have been compelled to net with similar perfidy. In the face of facts like these, Labour csuididateB like .Mr. ?«3MJBtic J^bpnr ^^ppih $M i^e,p^ tJ,^. jp^jiyM-MalK^ait frtfedoin \; o-;: sAujS^a||a(j ^i^hiiie. iio]|4|cs ^af^ 4P^^^y^ijat«r^j proSuctive of pDJ?t|ij|l oorrupi|»n- The pplilicaH niadiiue is the cursq ot America td-day,f-an4 prqb'ably before that mighty n.aUoq pan throw off the incubus, if wiil be necessary for a revolution to taku place. JY'arhiu ? p jli \es pursed Nuiv South WaleB for eeveral years, until a fusicm. of parties was brought about and destroyed* the system. The same remark applies to the .Commonwealth tor-day, and it only remains for the free aud untrammelled electors to confirm the fusion of the anti-socialistic forces upon wbiph the present powerful aud competent Liberal Government rests ,,an,d,thus estab* Ijsh it more firmly in power. The proposal to put down a. new floor of lallow-wobd in. the large hall of the Nowra School of Arts . was considered by ? (lie committee on Thursday last. It was agreed to let the matter stand over for a time, ? The big recovery m,ade by the district as a result ol the benefi cent December and January rain fall is hkply to be well reflected by the annual agrioulhiral show to be held next woek. .'i'hero is. a large general entry, ^nd, 'beside a mag nificent showing of dairy cattle for which the district has a leading reputation, there is likely to be ex ceptionally good displays of fruit, vegetables, and farm produce: No entries will he taken later than Tuesday night. Residents interested in the iinprov rcent of Shoalhaven River entrance will meot at the rTearls, by Comer.Jiig, on the lpth in&t, Jbo see what acrion should be taken to re-open the pas sage. ,.- .. A classical and^umorbus canc/jpt is bj bo given at the 'Nowra School ot Arts by a conip'aijy:.. of bigli-class artistes from S\ dney ''on Wednesday and Thursday 'nidi*-; ??pnrfcicuhws nue advertise-) in ic-4^''s pap.\r. . The company has been /will notical by tlie .Spinpji-pf»»k — -fi©^Ja^ds~^t Air. P. W. Young's. '?'?''?; *' Mr, T. W,'K«3le'has entered the~ lists . .with a cycle theory - -;i . tli« wi'iithor. He believes i;h:il ; 'thts Aus tralian cycle is 57- years, instead of 19 years favored hy the late Mr. Russell. Mr. Keele -is seeking for facts to demonstrate his proposition. The weather varies bo much in different parts of the continent at the same time and in the same year, that it is difficult, if not impossible, to obtain reliable data. The terrible floods on the other Bide of the globe, combined -with rcci-nt disastrous happenings in Australia and elsewhere give some support, to Mr. Wragge's sun spot theory. The 'spots,' there is little reason to doubt, denotu intense solar '^activity, which, it 6eems reasonable t- assume, may have a very marked effect upon terrestrial conditions. Some important resolutions were passe J by the Faraiers' Conference which recently rss3fnbled in Mel bourne. It is to belioped they will bear useful fruit. The great primary producing interests have been receiving very scurvy treatment .of late years. Judge Scholes is determined, if possible, to get at the 'bottom of the Newcastle dispute. In the south, Jndge Edmunds holds that the men must return to work before the inquiry can commence. The northern board is a compulsory board, but the' southern an ordinary wages board, and the conditions under which they respectively work vary widely. Never theless, the sooner the dispute is threshed out, the sooner it is likely to be settled. The death of Dr. Andrew Ross, who for a long time represented the Moloni; district in the State Assembly, removes a kindly and well-known ?, personality, who strenuously sought to j improve the condition of his adopted | country. - I TIip cyclone at iirewamna svos one ? of the most terrible visitations ever j recorded in Australia. Fortunately, i its ravages were confined to a com paratively narrow strip of country. 