 SEW ZEAL&SB EOZSS. Lord KITCHENER'S REPORT. You will have heard that Iiotcl Kittihener, &t the conclusion of hie tour of inspection, forwarded to the Government a copy of Part 1 of his report to the Common-wealth Government, as containing practically all that was necessary for the requirements of the Dominion. The figures in the Aus tralian report will, of course, he divided by four, so that New Zealand will have only one-fourth of the men and of the areas re oommended for Australia, and the scheme will cost only £470,000 in the seventh year. The present defence estimates amount to £202,000, plus £50,000 a year for the next three years for certain additional perma nent works, and, of course, the naval charges in the shape of interest on the Dreadnought, and ilia £100,000 subsidy to the Admiralty. The Premier, however, esti mates that with the increasing prosperity of the Dominion the increased cost of de fence, amounting in the first year to only £25,000 over present charges, will not necessitate any further taxation. The re port has been, on the whole, well received, and there is a general demand that the Government shall adopt it without tinker in^ though some of the Radical members | of Parliament seem inclined to object to Sir Joseph Ward's ready acceptance of Lord Kitchener's advice to keep the defence question outside party politics. The public, realising what a wrench with the past would, be involved if the Government were to at tempt to act on the Field-Marshal's advice on this point, are not hopeful. One passage in Lord Kitchener's cover ing letter has been read with special in-: terest. "It appears to me," he wrote, "that for your land forces New Zealand and Aus tralia should adopt homogeneous military systems, in order to be able to efficiently support one another in the event of national danger. I think that uniformity in train ing and establishments of unite, as well as the closest ties of comradeship, in the armed forces of New Zealand and Australia, should be fostered in every way." He therefore advised that New Zealand should 6end to the "West Point" College to be! established in Australia those of her cadets \ who are intended to become the instructors | of the Dominion's citizen forces. The idea] has been warrnlv welcomed, and it is hoped ' that it may leaa to a wider and clearer re-j cognition of the value of closer relations: between New Zealand and Australia as. regards colonial and Imperial defence. j Lord Kitchener, after completing his in- j spection of our defences, spent some ten ; days in, visiting the Hot Lakes district, in' company with his sister and her husband.' He seems to have enjoyed himself j thoroughly, all the more, one imagines, be-, cause he was out of the way of the crowds that attended his incomings and outgoings in the cities. One heard out little of his; movements, for his travelling was done liy motor-car, and eventually lie slipped into Wellington one morning, and went off in the afternoon bv the steamer that con nects at Tahiti with the San Francisco boat. He had given the strictest instructions to the shipipng agents that his movements were not to be disclosed, and therefore it was as "Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Sellars" that, lie and his suite, figured in the passenger; list. By that device he escaped the well-! meant attentions of the public, for it was j not until very shortly before the 6leaincr cast off that the small crowd on the wharf discovered that it carried so distinguished , a passenger. 1 A CANDID VISITOR. j The Bishop of Christcburch, in an address that is probably better remembered than most of his sermons, once charged New Zealanders with a tendency to indulge in narrow-minded vainglory, the self-satisfac tion with jhemselves ana their surroundings that exists in some cases—the quality is not universal—when people have never moved beyond the narrow limits of their own circle. New Zealanders are not, I tlpnk, more given to "blow" than most other people, but if they were, the visits of a few people like Herr Weber would act as a check. Herr Weber is the travelling com panion of Count Bismarck, a nephew of ] the great Bismarck, who has been touring the Dominion. A reporter ran him to earth in Wellington, and invited him to say what he.thought of New Zealand. With a Ehrug nnd a smile, the German gentleman replied, "We think we have cocie too early—about 500 years too early!" A facer indeed, but worse was to come. Pressed for details of bis trip, Mr. Weber admitted that they bad seen Lake Wakatinu, the West Coast road, the Otira and Buller Gorges, besides other parts of the South Island, and Wellington. Wakatipu? Yes, certainly it was beautiful, but not to be compared with Switzerland,' 17 hours by train from Berlin. Otira was worth seeing—"but how much easier to see ! Norway." They were going up the Waii ganui River, ana on to Roterua. The river would, no doubt, be very fine, but to call it the New Zealand, Rhine! The idea ex ! cited our visitor's mild derision. "It could not possibly be that." The burden of his song wag that one spent five or six weeks in coming to see scenery no better than Europe provided, and to see it under condi tions of serious discomfort—slow trains, and so forth; no hotels worth mentioning, no; opera, no luxury. He admitted that in New Zealand a great deal had been done; in a very short time, and that it was a promising country; but it was plain that fie thought the promise was a long way from ] fulfilment. MR. CLEMENT WRAOOE'S DISCOVERY. In the far north of Auckland Province, Mr. Clement Wragge, the well-known astronomer and meteorologist, has dis covered, so he says, the remains of an an cient city or temple, probably dating back to the time of sun-worship. The huge blocks of stone constituting these remains lie ap parently in heavy bush. He modestly puts their age at 500,000 years, but he admits they may be a great deal older! He has also expressed trie opinion that they are connected with Lemuria, the continent that once existed in the Western Pacific; and [ he has therefore provisionally ehristeifed the site Lemurion. Some STe marked with cups or ecooped-out holes, hearing "evi dently written records of great antiquity, and altogether Mr. Wragge Is satisfied that they date back toi the time when pre historic man first migrated from the Nor thern to the Southern Hemisphere. It is to be feared that Mr. Wragge is not taken quite seriously. When he first came over here he need to indulge in a good deal of weather prediction, and a prophet of that sort is seldom -accorded great honour in his own country. Mr. Wraggc's habit of giving the storms that be predicted the names of: members of the Ministry excited rude mirth, especially when mariners were warned to beware of "Buddo" in the Tasman Sea, or when the country was threatened with the cyclone Ward.' So that Mr. Wragge's wonderful discovery in the fastnesses ox the North—he has declined to specifly the exact locality—has been received with more or less respectful doubt. Professor Macmillan Brown, of Christchurch, who has studied the anthropological problems of Polynesia, is inclined to accept the probability of the find being genuine, especially in view of the undoubtedly authentic megalithio remains elsewhere in this part of the world, atid the existence of something like Druidical circles in other pa its of New Zealand. Other scientists, such as the late surveyor-general, Mr, Percy Smith, an equally keen student of the past, suggests that Mr. Wragge has found a number of natural bapaltie columns, such as were known to lie in the locality of the alleged "temple." The marking on them, which Mr. Wragge declares to be of human origin, Mr. Smith thinks are pro bably the natural hollows and marks found in that particular formation. Mora will, no doubt, be heard of the matter, for if the re mains are/ genuinely megalithio, they would be of great scientific interest and value. GOLFERS IN COURT. A case of some importance, and much in terest to golfers, was heard at the Welling ton Supreme Court the other day, when a Mrs. Leekie and her husband claimed from a well-known medical man, Dr. Ernest Raw son, £786 damages for injuries inflicted upon the lady by a golf club in She doctor's hands. Mrs. Leekie, it appears, was crossing the links towards the golf-house, and passed close behind the tee on which Dr. Rawson and two companions were awaiting the arrival of a fourth player. At that moment Dr. Rawson swung his club and struck the lady behind liim right in the face, the whole of the front of her skull, including her nose, being driven in two and a half inches, so that only part of the tip of her nose pro truded. The doctor at once drove her into Wellington in his car, and assisted at the operation that was immediately performed— an operation which appears to have been wonderfully skilful ana successful. It was claimed, however, that her nervous system had sustained such a shock that she could hardly write, and was not able to sew at all, while her olfactory nerves had also suf fered severely. There was, of course, no question that the occurrence was purely ac cidental. The point was whether the doctor had bec-n guilty of negligence, or whether the lady had not taken care to avoid danger. There was much evidence ah to the pre liminary swing being part of the game, and as to the propriety of persons standing or walking directly behind players on the tee. Dr. Rawson asserted that on looking round before addressing hie ball, he saw no one near him, except his companions, who must have been between him and Mrs. Leekie. It was further suggested by counsel that the lady was wearing one of "those - ' tin " curiously-shaped hats of the inverted soup-) plate order, that it was tied down over; ner cars, and that she was walking along j against the wind with her eyes on the : ground, without looking where she was . going. The jury evidently agreed with this , view, for they found that the lady alone had been guilty of negligence, and there- ( fore was not entitled to any damages. i 