 . Seasons and Solar Systems. MR. SVRAGGB'B HHMJ FORECAST. WHEN "'WILDBRNESSEIS BECOME SAUL0NG EDEN6." (Sydn&yj "Sun."| . Some remarks eMrtbutied to Mr. Clement L. Wrag^e, wihose nssne as a meteoerolQgist Is known the world over, by a Melbourne paper a abort while ago, "csat a gloam," ae the liaatli notices oay, over the Jammers and pastarallsts of AwBtmleaia. But it seems that Mr. Wna©ge did not say tvhat hie is said mo have ss>d, bo, this moralng he set himself ri#it wtthl those gentiepiea who toliaw the cutt at tbe land, sheep, bone, or can, as a profession, and Mlfe tbe oenmtry gen ewflly. Said the big cttltef Weather prophet bertrwegn plp^puBs end re-lights. "A tew weeks «e» I game a forecast to the Melbourne "Age," and stated that between 1510 and 1916, or ait Hie utmost 191G, Oit> ratataU'ln Australia as. a whole would toll below the anrer tage. Sudh la iiaden&ood by the word 'drought,' remembering tUat drought, meteorologically understood, means precipitation under the average amount, and does not necessarily Im ply euch a drought as that .which waa experienced In 1901-2. I further gta»j ted, at Implied, that tibe tailing under the average (05 'drought') would be more pronounced In the island dis tricts of Australia than would be the case near the coast; and Chat U pastor lists, farmers, and others were rtk they would not ovenatocik, but would conserve water while It Is yet here, and would certainly make ensilage and store up tedder Instead of burning It and letting It go to waste. Bueh teaching. It would be uoderettwd, 1b thoroughly In Harmony with the parable at the 10 -virgins, five of whom were wise, and five were foolish. KO PROPHECY OF "SEVERS DROUHOT." "Ifow, the report was Immediately clrculat^, and particularly la Glpps lnnd and pjrts at.New South Wales, that Mr. M'lagge had spid that Aus tralia was on the ere ot six years o( 'severe drought.' 1 never.used those words, and stllictly adhere to what has already been said In the foregoing namely, that a deficiency ot rainfall, more or less, Will tie experienced With in or during the period named, and this is the very best that meteorologic al science can give at this present stage In the history ot weather Btudy" "On what do you base your con clusions, Mr. Wragge 7" "My answer la threefold. To fore cast seasons one muat'etudy first the physical condition ot the sun, with re spect to what are known as Us max ima and minima moods; secondly,.the astronomical position ot the moon, anjd the swing ot lunar decUmaitiUm North and South Irom the equator, which produces tides in the atmos phere analogous to those produced in the ocean; and thirdly, tile perturba tions produced on this planet, and its atmosphere by the astronomical po sitions ot our teltow-plaoets. This latter is very complex, and for the sub-; Ject of our interview may be practical ly waived. "To speak particularly with respect to the sun. It is now well known that that subtle medium caBed the ether, by which wireless telegraphy becomes possible, is, in reality, tlio all-pervading ocean of electricity that links together everything that 1b In the vast abysses of the eternal heavens called the Supra-Buiverse-and every thing that 1B In the profundities of the Infr^-Universe-toy which is meant the &lt; atoms, molecules, germs, corpuscles, and electrons. In a word, everything is linked up by the ethor, and every thing forms part End parcel at every- ? thing else; and it is ell the mme story from the ccipuacle to the mighty ran Canopus. And, as our sun, milliards of years ago, was burled off from a tmacj! of distinguishing nebula, bo was this eartti cast off from the sun by a progess analogous to the disintegration ot the radium atom about 900,000,000 years ago, as far as science can. at. prese&t Ht the period, and the moon in its turn waa hurled off the Girth. Our fellow-planets, also, were hurtled Into space from the solar orb at dif ferent periods In the history ot our solar system. WIRELSSS TO THE SUN. "Bearing In mind, then, what lias al ready been said, It will ait ones be con. coded that the earth and the sun are in hannony, or linked up by 'wireless-' through 93 millions of miles, .ind they a.s the eroal hydrogen flames leapt from the sun's photosphere to a height «veu exceeding 334,000 miles, and as (he ereot storms, called sun spots, break out, some bsvlne diameters of from 80,000 to 80,000 miles, hurl OS vibrations or pulsations to the very ether ltaelt which are analogous to Marconi waives. Such may also be likened-to give a popular Idea-to the wares formed In water when a 'stone Is thrown' in. Under the Tltandc etherlc wares hurled off by the sun, this eaitth'throbs and pulsates exactly as a telegraph wire under the hand of the operator. Vibrations wltk respect to this planet act In much tflie same war as a controller acts to an pmrlniv fit tilie one Utile 'drfl/wtag the strings' to use an expression-and at another Jetting lham loose. Tftey are there fore Immediately raBg>onslbUe tor the volcanic eruptions, the earthquakes, - I tidal wajves, and huntaanes, and not only displace aJloureraje.'but also, and very especially, tor abnonnalliUes In seasons-as droughts, famines, floods, end good passages;' the prevalence or otherwise of certain diseases also oome under th&lt;> Influence." SOLAR VIBRATIONS AMD SEASONS, "What lias led you to conclude that Mie Bolar vibrations off oat (lie see eons?" "Well, I have been a student of salar physlca for about 86 ycon, and tio have prated that tvfeefc Jp at bds aaxtouHn eaeBCT tto^idUi ul «lie SouMuern. he&lephors iriprar tnS avosage, and fitsrwteea iUi» am is tin« der tbe mfirinmim tafluanoe Had ssaaapA prwvall in tbeflooatoann berofcehge^ and partloitlarly to AwtnaMn^JiMflh, bjf Its pecuMar geosnajpMoal ipaaltton, fa partrtcutaay oiaciepdMa to Mar te-. finance. The very twostte WCTrtU« Inl 4ho Nortlhsra hemi^Mte, ani the Wo hemtsphemoB respond In opposite MOT to itibe sun's oondlnkHiB, emcQgr as WS ihave opposite circulation ot.thd around the cyclones sod anM-flUMiWKW In the Northern and Soatb-^ ern ibemlsirtieres respectively. Ow ing *ha iimnrlini"" off . .. Mat sun, moreover, eartfajifflfas MM! vol canic aotton, with dmughit, sue (Mb uUmly jnariftjd hi tbe Northern bead sphere, while tie Soufflwni bomtapheM In then mare or less in a state ad' seismic rest, wttti good-nosowm Wto* the minimum of liio suii """m en* or Is BvolTing-tor It is-a gradut^praodaa -then earthquakes jnd tokaatoaatMi begin to fall off In the Nuritam baat Bphero, tind the isCnlaU. ts go ofe white dartiluius^es and sGdsnric. osUoifl bocoma more markedta (to BuMllW hamlsphere. It is cdy Tunmuiyy td go back into recent Htotxxny. lbs oat of the .sojar nwrrttinnmoooujTgd-ln 1M6, and since then, to 1409, the mjaxfaufltai has been gradually feUtag oil 'by . series otuninor crtste. But sat JO! mt aggrefiUJto the marlimmn eartot'Mll heen abnormally «»n'i>i«if ?».. «m*i owing to a d&rlt sua orza)MJfMUJil body sotting on our^bum I THE BOOM ; "Oast your minds bade JtHo history, and tills hjigkttfliiv found to have been MflUadjtc tor. Remember the April, 1905, la Inrtfa, j ?at the height ot Its i , sequent. eartJuriabos III" Formosa; the disastrous I qua&e of a tow jn Vesuvius &lt;was In full &lt; Franciscan and Wee4 quakes, and othere, iudattng i the South of France aiul in , And be It said that on &lt; cited great upheavals a In the sun. During period, moreover, ren have said, a tenlbte &lt; . _ In Spain end In other paiitscf ] especially la South if"'-"1 _ where, as the cabletiaiaa parents were foncei) 4» wU tMfr.fM) offspring for bread; Uuad tbit im the Mancluirl&n drought ftD-i ftjttjgf the while Australia, don'ttoiief,' enjoying good season* " '* ~ " condition has since baa. the minimum trough, vMtdo'i We find the conditions ] actly reversed, namely, flood# Jftj floods In Paris, in Iti" * ~ Europe; floods In Eni floods In Japan, involving I pounds damage, end 1 America-and parttauinUr;; mite Valley. Meajithna, " Ing Influence of the >eg)ar i now attanttag Auiil i iilsifci HwSjfri ready. In certain puis, stance, Glppsland, tile OtH lu New Zealand and , rainfall has fallen unfl* Am and eartluiuake ectlon I' is evidenced by (the seism ographs at the bourne, and Path Obsgl. .'When yomr original coming ralafetil del a few years ago, I1 ed that 1810 'would -b4 j "Yes, I did, and I i would, be about 1912,1 not aware of the extraneous oosmhl influence thait acted to prolong abnoa> mally the marliwrm mood at the eun1. And thus I have to add on two yttue at least, and make the 'drought,' ml undRr-fche-averege, period between OH during the closing jnut ot 1910 and ttw end of 1916. f'Wtti IiOOKlNG THE BITIffiS. "?ou will understand that this b ? big subject, and one most eibaarblnglji Interesting to ail Australians, and It M ' difficult to do full Justice to tt In an ordinary nt-^epaper Interview. If a country .would euooeed, It &lt;Bn only bt by its people bringing themsstoes ifo harmony withcosmic law, which ohm enables a nation to master its tate and fulfil Its destiny. Therefore, and speaking from the scientific and lug lea! point o! view, I argue that It will be more statesmanlike and raiUonal tor the Federal Government to spend tba money intended far Yfiae-Oanbeira on plucklly takinK the conditions in bud vtith a masterly grip, and ladling the rlrera, such as the Murray and Its trib utaries, the Meranna, the- Warrego, and the Darling, end others, and oonserve water. WiUt this &lt;&e caunteyoould be Irrigated, and the wilderness mad* to emlle like Eden. The climate could thus be modified, neutralising on tUs one band the efleots of die hot, barn« ing wind, and on the obher modifying to an extent the oold bustera from KM South. THE! COMING SHOE/rAC®. "Do you think, Mr. Wiegge, tflat-tta deficiency In rainfall wMch. you. diet between 1610 and 1916 will be W severe as tile l!H>l-2 drought ?" "No, as far as oan be seen. It will not, because the second actor, namely, the astronomical position, at the moon Is operating against the incoming mln-. 1 inurn mood of tie sun. The evlnB of lunar declination has increased, au$ is increasing. Thus the vibraliona. of the atmosphere, particularly.. oral oceanic aroae, will be lifted in (fee torn of tides to the upper regions, there to be condensed Into a certain amount** rain by the' cold, . btgb-prenM systems, disregarding the atfterence-of treasure due to difference in ttwkjtft It wJll thus be uadaabood that the moon Is acting against the sua. Bat the sun has the flnt say In the matter. TheraEore, there will be the deflclemgi In rainfall within or during tbe yean I have already stated, Q.E.D, "Let burners and paetarallsta Miert, be wise, and follow my - advice. Tbens is no neel for alarm. Let their prayso be:-"Great Architect of the Dnireiw, give me wisdom; let me dam and uott serve the walars and (odder." .... "Such," said tbe tartuneteHer ot.thi elements, concluding, "is true logkv tuid I oan say no more." 