 CURRIENT TOPICS. Hotels Raidd.--'The police paid close attention to the hotels yesterday, seve ral of which were raided. As a result of the visitation some prosecutions for Sunday trading are likely to follow. The 'Appleland Courier."--So that cer tain of the proceedings incidental to the events of Friday last may be illustrated, the "Appleland" number of the "Courier" will not be published until Thursday, June 2. New I.nsolvent.-William Jas. Ilison, of MIoreton, near Sprent, farmer, has filed a petition with the Registrar. (Mr. N. V. Barnett) for the liquidation of his affairs. His liabilities are estimated at '£300. Charge of Vagrancy.-On Saturday night Constable Cooper arrested William Watson, aged 3S, on a charge of vag rancy. It is stated that he has no fixed place of abode or means of gaining a livelihood, and has only recently com pleted a sentence for a similar offence. The English Mail.-The Orient Com pany's R.M.S. Osterley, with English files and letters to April 22, reachedAde,. laic'e on Saturday. Her mails for the eastern states were sent on by express train, and the Tasmanian portion will arrive by the Loongana on Wednesday. The Game Laws.-At a meeting of tne Executive Council a proclamation pro hibiting the hunting of deer and opossum in Tasmania, except on King Island, for a period of 12 months, was approved Albatross and Poster Islands, in Base Straits, have been proclaimed sanctuari?s for sea birds. lainful Accident.-Our Lisle-road cor respondent writes:-A very painful acci dent happened to Mr. M. Ferguson a day or so ago. He was engaged carting stone with bullocks, whllen, by some means or other, in walking alongside his leam, he tripped and fell. The wheel of the dray with its load passed over one of his legs below the knee. Fortunately, no bones were broken, which seems hardly credible. Sun Spot Activity.-Mr. Clement Wragge writes:-"Great changes have taken place in the great sun spot or solar storm since Thursday. It has in creased in energy, and is now about 27,000 miles in diameter, and the smaller solar disturbances, also noted on the 10th, have largely amalgamated with the main nucleus. Th?t the earth is re sponding, and will yet respond, to the etheric.vibrations hurled adrift by this great solar cyclone, is certain, and we may expect to hear that abnormal tidal action or seismic or volcanic disturb ance has taken place in such parts of the earth as are most liable to be affected. Arroral displays may be expected in high latitudes" . . , "A Rogue in Ambush."--The proprie- I tors of the 'Courier" have secured from oni Ward, Lock, and Co., Limited, the Tas- wit manian copyright of a thrilling new fo' serial tale by that clever writer, 1leadon H' Hill. The story is entitled "A Rogue in a Ambush," ald the opening chaoters will 10 he publtshed in this week's numrber. The sue "Courier" is noted for the excellence of for its serials, and "A Rogue in Ambush" fn will be found at particularly interesting, ia story. ti l Mishap to a 'Bus Horse.-A peculir 'lie n: a.,p uve urr'. to one of the ýand hill 'bus Ihorses on Friday evening at do the top of \'ellinlgton-road. A swingle- e tree became detached, and one of tie th anilmals fell. In soUler. unexplained mlain- f nIr this horse got hboth hind legs through so one of the wheels, and a curious situa tion presented itself. duch difficulty it was experienced in freeing the horse front tile position it had got into. This, however, was succes.fully done, the horse tl having only received a few sliglht cuts. tr Those who witnessed thle accident were t surprised at the anuimal escaping serious t injury. fi Exciting Bolt.-About 2 o'clock on Sat- 1C urday afterinoon, when the tralffic was a very heavy. "at exciting holt occurred in to 'Tantar-street. A pair of horses at- tr tacited to a cab driven by George Mar- fi, riner took frighit in Tamtar-street througt fe one of hlie reins breaking The driver ki caught the off-sitie horse by the head, ,, but was tumble to hold it. The pair cc galloped across Victoria Bridge, nar rowly missing several vehicles, and con- ti tinued along itverunay-roai. -Near the Park IHotel the cab was brought to a staandstill by aL collision with a iree guard. Tihe tree was broken off wihtinl three feet of the ground, and ithe enclo- A sure smashed. One of the horses receiv. n ed cuts in its shoulders and one leg, i\1 \\hile the cab was also damaged. to The Recent Eclipse.-Mr. E. C. Driflield (engineer and surveyor of Mount Lyell, e Tasmania). Ias, said Mr. Baracehi, of i the Melbourne Observatory, been more fortunate than the Bruny lsland party in securing a beautiful observation of ti the corona of tce total eclipse on May 9. Mr. Drillield's observations, covering as they do the form, colour, and extent of h the corona, are very valuable (says the t1 Government Astronomer), and should certainly be communicated to the astro nomers in Englandl and Europe. "The corona," states Mlr. Driffield, "appeared tl regular in form, concentric with and It evenly distributed round the moon's disc, la except in the south-eastern quadrant, where two streamers issued, straight for g sonime distance, then curved down plumee like. The extent of the corona was es titmated to be about half ia degree from the limb, its strue.ture was striated, andtl the colours merged gradually from deep I orange at the base to pale green. The length of the streamers was at least two diameters. London Missionary Society.-The Rev. I1 George Willia-ms, the newly-appointed G Australasian secretary of tile London i iissionary Society, wtho has replaced e Stihe Rov. Joseph lKing, retired,' and the g lRev. T. Lord (late of the Madagascar t mission) are at present in Launceston. They constitute the annual deputation it on behalf of the society. These gentle men preached at Christ Ohurch andt Tamar-street Church yesterday, and their sermons had reference to the important I work of the society anti the Madagascar mission in particular. In the after- m noon the speakers addressed, a united r meetinlg of Sunday schools in 'Milton Hall 1 on missionary work. The offerings for t the day were on behalf of foreign mis. L sions. To-tmorrow night t'e Rlev., Wil liams will give a lanitern lecture in Mil r ton Hall, amid at the same place on Wed- I D nesday night the Rev. Lold will speak t g on Madagascar. Each address will eon. o tain a mass of interesting information, I including useful statistics, on the work I, of the society. 1 nfectious Diseases.\-Wlhen interviewed s at Hobart on friday with regard to the , statements made at a meeting of the o Devon Hospital Board a few days ago itu reference to infectious diseases cases, the Chief Secretary (Dr. Butler) said: d "Hospital authorities have overlooked t. the fact that under the Health Act local n bodies shall provide hospitals for infec tious diseases. If they do not do so the Chief Health Officer, under PaJt i'1. d of. the act, may compel them to do so. n Seeing that during the past 12 ,months r there have been a number of cases of diphtheria in thie district mentioned, it i.t advisable that some provision should be made. Lt is also thought that it 0 would be a benelit to the local authori c ties to be able to make use of Devon o Hospital, and pay for the infectious tt cases sent into that institution, saving them from the expense of providing and tna.intaining a spceial hospital. 'rhis tl?e local authorities decline to do, and it is time they realised their responsibilities, as Hobart and the adjoining municipali ties have done." lQuestiotl of troprnety.-Siome remarris made by Archbishop Uarr during an in terval in a programme which was being carried out at; a charity concert in the It Cathedral Hall, Melbourne, on Wednes dr tlay evening, caused a somewhat painful impression tamongst the large audience. The programme included an ordin:ey r- proportion of vocal anlt instrumental to ilultb-r, an well ats some dances, d amongst whbich was a "fancy dance," r" given.by a gil. about 10 years old. Arcih y, bishlop Carr, who had been seated with Archlaishop I)elalny (Hlobart) on a front c row seat, made some remarks at the in a torval. Hlie said that the atudiene hand .reasomn to tthank tite performers not only isfor tassisting in a good cause, but for t providing a very pleasant evenings otn tertainment. lie regretted, hmowever, that he had to make one exception us Sregards his expressions of spproval. It w as a painful thing for hiim to do, buit lie felt bountd to do it in justice to hIimself and to the fathers and mothers present. a "As for myself," concluded Arclhbishop SUCarr, "I have not previously seen any tlhing of the kind. I pray God I never nt- will again." Amongst those who ap sh plauded Archbishop Carr's remarks was . tIhe little girl herself, whlo was sitting he in a line with the ecclesiastical party, lss but who was as happily unconscious of 'ill aiy rebuke as shie lhad apparentlj been 8Y of any impropriety. ne The Kittens of Koseiusko.-lu the 0- courae of his lecture on Saturday night mz upon the "Romance of the A.tmnosphere" or Mr. Clement Wragge was interestingly ed aneedotal. Everyboldy knowvs how en ts tthusiastic Mr. Wragge is in the matter I of meteorology, but his audience was vrisibly surprised wthtn he related his first ac. association with the practical sieo of the i work. This was when hlie volunteered y to climnb len Nevis every day in order to take hihm-level readings. "People is thought I was mad, tbut 1 wasn't," he said. "I wasn't much to look at, but eT vas ihard as nails, aid utdertook the twork." A few lantern slides showed n how arduous and perilous that work was. Ily Then twhen Mr. Wragge transferred his energy and -Iis enthusiasm to Australia hIe established a higlevesta Iigt-levl Station on ut the summit of Mount Wellilngton, and Le later another on tile top of MIount Kos or ciusiko, where accommodation for a staff in- was provided by Sir George Reid wlhen at lie was Premier of New South Wales. he As a pet tile staff had a cat. 'The pri on mary duty of tihe snen on Koscinsko, itl the lecturer explained, was to take ob S.servations every foutr hours, but -he gave he them a supply of spirits of wine, in his which to preserve any strange speciments we they mnight encounter. "And what do a v you think happened?" said Mr. Wragge. rh- "'Wily, Vto eat had kittens. Funny place, he wasn't it, to do a thing like that? And ed* what do you imagine became of thoce in kittena? My men sent them down to me In osxih'" (Lo IaLUghuter,) Police Court.-At the City Police Court on Saturday morning Thomas Brown, who admitted the theft of a pair of fowls from the premises of the General Hospital, was treated as a first-offender. A sentence of 14 days was suspended on condition that defendant found a surety in £ 10 to be of good behaviour for 12 months.--Robert Jones, arrested for vigrancy, was remanded for convey. ance to the ŽNew Town Charitable .lnsl. tution.--Mr F. G. Ilobkirk appeared for RIobert Wilson, who proceeded against Theodore R. Rattray for assault. )De icnd.uit plea,·lcd nut guilty. The ?vi deuce indicated thatl the palties, who were Patersonia farmers, had clashed in the matter of the imnpounding by de. fendant of soime of plaintiff's ?tock. \il. son had visited a neigbbouring property wiLt the ,idea of appointing its owner his arbitrator on the .point of damages, and it was there that the assault was alleged to have been commnsitted. Rat. tray hald endeavoured to s.erve Wilson witll a neimons, anud his refusal to accept it had, according to the evidence of plaintiff, been followed by.an attack fromu Rattray, who struck him two viao lent blows on the face. WVlianm Rich ards, the intended arbitrator, testified as to the assault, and the Police Mtagis t.rate (Mr. E. L. Hall) said he was satis. tied the offence 'had been coummitted. De fendant, who pleadled, that Wilson had kicked dirt over his clothes and face, was fined C1 and ordered to pay Os lid court costs, 13s witnesses' expenses, and £1 lb counsel fee, with the alterna tire of a montih's imprisonment. He was ,llowed 14 dlayS to find the amount. Institute of Mliniing -ngiueera.-U-ne of the most interesting meetings of the Austahlasian Institute of Miinng Engi neers yet held will take place at Mounas iMorgan, Queensland, at the end of this tuonth. The headquarters of the orgam. sation is in Melbourne, but branches are established in other states of the Coan monwealth and in New Zealand. The important function of the year is always a movable one, held at the chief mining centres in the different states by rota tion. Last year the meeting took place in Kalgoorlie; this year the Mount Mor gan mine and district has been selected for the visit. The olfficial programme of the tour really commences at Brisbhne on the 25th of the month, where all visitors from the southern state and New Zealand will assemble. Members from the West, Broken Hill, and Tasmama, left Melbourne by the Sydney express last Saturday, en route to Mount Mor. gun. The party will visit the Oympie mines, under the guidance of Colonel D, Reid, one of the leading mining magnates on that field. Outings from Mount Morgan will consist of visits to the Mount Chalmers field, Yeppoon, or Emou Park, river trips on the Fitzroy, and an inspection of the harbour wortks at Rocick hamp'ton. On the return journey a de. viation will be made to the Many Peal;a field, and a short stay will be made at Gladstone. The Queensland Minister of Miines (Mr. J. G. Appel) will hold a re reption in honour of the occasion at Brisbane on the arrival of members in that city this week. The presidential address will be delivered by Mr. G. Rich. L ards, general manager of the Mount Mor. gaun mine. r The Week's \Veather.-Tho Acting. Divisional Officer at Hobart supplies the following synopsis of the weather for the week ending lMay 20:-This week heavy, [ rain has fallen in the west and north 1 west to north-east, but very little at the telegraphic stations in the east, south, Derwent, and midland districts. The rear of a depression caused some light - eowers in tihe west and south on the 14th, but hoar frosts were reported from the east and north-east. Another area of low pressure followed on the 16tht the front edge of which caused light showers Sgenerally, which turned to heavy rain in the north, west, and' north-east' on the 17th, the maximumn falls reported being 160 points at Scottsdale and 150 at Rm garooma, but only light showers fell in the east and south. The weather then became liner and warmer, with heavy, dews and reosts in places, though some stations reported light showers. North w1 est to south-west winds prevailed ait the week, light to strong in force chielly. T 'he nmaxunum temperatures at Hobart ranged from 54 degrees on the 15t i to ,3 degrees on the 18th, and from O5 s degrees on the 17th to 60 degrees on the 71th at Launceston. The rainfall for the week was:-Northern-Stanley, 05 If points; Irish Town, 137; Burnie, 113;i t Devonport, 102; Cressy, 69; Launceston, 180; Bleaconsfield, 201; Low Head, 113;; a Scottsdale, 169i; Sheffield, 132. West s Coast-Waratah, 198; Zeehan, 241; Cap, R orell, 90. )erwien'--Hamilton, 20. i1 ast Coast--1 oobyalla, 37; Eddystone, U30; Ringaroonma, 165; Gould's Country, S45; St. Helen's, 7; Scamsander, Ii; aIn. thinna, 34; St. Mary's, 10; Swansea, 28,. ' lidland-lOatlands, 24. South-cast - Brighton, 14; Glenorcly, 17; Hobart, 146 s Springs, 27; Rokeby, 6; [Iyldme, 19; Port - Cygnet, 12. cg Seasonal Forecasts.--Mr. Clement ic Wragge was at no pains in his lecture. s- of Saturday evening to conceal his opin il ion that the Commonwealth has a long e. way to go to attain the perfection its sy people have a right to expect in meteor II ological matters. Thie conditions are , such, he saie, bhat they could easily, i have the finest sweather service in tile i- world. lie laid special stress upon the I possibility and practicability of the seae - sonal forecast, anld expressed the opin - ion that Austra-lia, in view of what id droughlt entails, should not be happyf ly ('until it wais given official information Sr as to whalt kind of seasons might be . expected. "'it has been done in India," . said Mr. Wragge, "and it can be done , here." As regarlds the ordinary diurnal t forecasting, Shr. Wragge, by obtaining ie certa.in data from beyond Australia, If holds that lS per cent. of accuracy could it. be obtained. Evidently, in Mr. Wragge's p opinion, if Australia were in Amerrie it would be done. The United States Sspends £300,000 a year on its weather bureau. "They do things there," re Smarked tlhe lecturer, regretfully. "I1 Australia there is no money for even so practical a science as meteorology." In partieular he deplored the abandon en ment of the high-level observing stations hie established on the sumnmits of Mounts Wellington and Koseiusklo. Iigh-level he daita, he explainedxl, were of the utmost ht value in forecasting work. As the sailor 'e" used the lead to ascertain that ewater ly wasn under his ship, so thie meteorologiset m- must know what was in the a.ir above. er To be content with stations lilf-way '.s was only half doing things; whereas Mr. Cst WVragge said his method wvas to do the Ie properly, or leave them alone. That ~ed was the spirit in which hle worked up his ler met?orological service under the aus le pices of the Queenslavnd.Government, and he it was a bitter disappointment whlen, it after federation, smash went his bureau 'etl and met.orological work ,wai sent into: ed the lee scuppers. Mr. Wragge's presen 5. tation of whlat an Australian weather 'is bureau could and should accomplish wars lia loudly applauded. on " Just Opening New Silverware Worthy oh SYour Lnspectlon.-Grape pattern goods, n very new and unique, in tea sets, trays, es. cream and sugars, comport dishes. piel ri-' dishes, water jugs, etc. Also, "Tedd; to, Bear" plates, bowls, etc., for the baby.'' ,b- F. and W. Stewart, Jewellers, 100 Charlen ye. slreet. Launeeston.* in Hoses for water or steam, fishing wade revi -s. engine paclkings, hot-Semter bottlehs, do -Tndtiarhber Co., OGeorge-stret.* ge. Concert-The posttoned concert of t?M cc, Deloraine Choral Society will be Iheld nad morrow evening. see' Fair.-A fair le to be hold at St. W wald's, Trevallyn, on Wedesdslay, 1in S of the TnaraJlyz Glridu gnlba, 