 Seeond Edition. TELEGRAPH OFFICE, 8 p.m. FOREWARNED .IS FOREARMED, "Warning is issued by tiro Meteorologi cal Department that a fierce disturbance is travelling southward. Already that dis turbance has caused considerable, and. as later reports may prove, very groat damage, in the north. The special fcaturo ol these itinerant meteorological distur bances is that they as they proceed, instead of losing strength, they gather force. Tlioy resemble an insurgent army. Everji district through which they pass, and leave, in"- their passing, broad evi dences of their passage and ravage, con tributes its local reinforcements to their strength. Thus, while at a given spot, one of these disturbances,' by reason of its violence may seem to have expended its strength, the fact is that as it proceeds, it gathers fresh strength and ferocity, jfist as did An taeus of old, who, every time he placed his foot on mother earth, was reinforocd by fresh energy. The special purpose oi the meteorological department is to an ticipate the probable etlccts of these. vio lent visitants. From reliable data that department is able to foretell with abso lute accuracy, that within a- certain period, the disturbance of which it. has been notified, will reach, this or that spot. But in how many instances is pro-' per advantage taken of the. information thus afforded ? It may be. rcmeirrbercd Wat whea Mr. Wragge was State; meteo rologist, that devastating cyclonic disturbance which he designated "Sigma, swept over the northern part of Queens land. Its approach was predicted ; and, like Caesar, it came, saw, and conquered. The record ot the ravage which it> .wrought' now is embalmed in tbe annals of Queensland's history. What Precau tions, then, are now being taken to .an ticipate the probable effects of the dis turbance now swooping southwards ? t or at least two days warnings- have been issued, not only to shipping, but also to those inland, over whose districts the storm area is certain to extend, Lnless these warnings, based on ascertained scientific data and on specific observation at points and centres whence reliable in formation is obtainable, are heeded, of what- practical use is the Commonwealth - Meteorological Department 7 There is every reason, in view of the efforts which that department makes to afford fullest possible information both to shipping anil to the people on the land, why the fore casts as issued should be very carcfullr studied. It is the settler who disre gards such information who usually is " found, in time of flood, asquat the cap- pine; of his house roof, and floating., like Robinson Crusoe, to. some unknown island, or on whose drowned body the magistrate has to hold an inquiry as. to the cause of its appearance on the surface of the Iflood waters. Ample warning of the approach of this fierce meteorological fiend has been given. Those who are '.wise will make every, possible preparation for its repulse 