 A CHAT WITH MR. WHA-OGtr. A representative of "The Dnllr To-it" had a clii,t with Mr Wraige Vestcr- Rfterncon en the suhfeet of tho ljro|»osed solar observatory in All? trailii. The aslnnonier Wds asked If he thoiighl thai the proposal would ervc a useful puipose. "It is a grend tblug," he answeru. "1 .-Mvoeated it years and vivirs go. before It wtis thought of, and hey laughed at in=. Solar oIiMervalions are Hie mail', osliouonilciii fact in nhleli wo must rnlv for tho foiv- •."MInc of e.swis—drbnglilt or jjioiJ rontons. The lirsi thing is tli- nlivleal (,oi-.di(!on of the sua with" reject tr his aiavlma and lbinmia moods—tlial is sun spots. The ntlar periodiety. or cycle fi'-ini one tHa.vlnm o the next, maxima is about 11 years ; niuo people hi'.vc no suspicion of the Xtc-:it of lliese great vortlcep, liice cyclones, with an energy ot which we have m coniprelionMr.il. Th^so nviv lie up to Toft'Ki mil.js ill dlamete)-. ^nd whieli this eartli villi ils diameter 7JI1S iI'.Hoe coi:ld he ewnmped little stone In a volcano A-.iiind (these sun storms and particularly at Ibeir edge, and when Ihe sun Is a! liiuinia, or greatest energy, hydrogen (lames 'HiiiDO to ilit.Odi) >s in length shcot out from Us surface. These hydrogen flamos ore 'uirli-g e. drift of uhraiions of the very &lt;l.her tisolf—ll'iit fuhtle medium thai link* I'p oil ti.ut is—from tbe odors rnd genus in the Ijifr i-nniv/rSe to Ihe giant s'ln? In the supra-uriverso. ]n this cone.eetlon it Hur t lie niider^tnod that tills oa-.th and our fellow planets were hurhrl off from the sun ages ago. of wi-.ieli tile hum.',n tnlii',1 can f,iiio no conception. Nine hundred million ym-.rse airo the enrth was thrown off from the sun. The eartli, there- fore, as w.-ll t':c other planets, are in harmony wUh the sun, as two lirjjts are in liarinonv. or as .two warships —one at Hchart and the other at Sydney—might' be in eomniuiiieallon with &lt;;Eeh other by means' of wireless t •• 11'. gi'al.y. The earth heing hi lianuonv with tbe sun resnonds to th« gri-at folar vibrations. tTTfis we come to th.i "ntaiu" reason of earthquakes tidal waves, volcanoes, droughts. Kverv energy with which tho earth .is familiar, has been familiar, or otvv will be familiar, is energy of its prreiA, tlie sun. A solar observatory In ti'.o dry, clear atu'.osphere &lt;-f csntiniMitiil A'.istralin -iivuld therefore b=i of tluf fri^'.i.'-it iraporlance." '•One of Hi; things that I was go. ii&lt;;r to watch >l>ls afterncon, ir the ivli>)»e bad her-n visible ,V(is iii,. corona of the enn—that eloetrb- vibl'ylioil. as we might term it—til? waves of which "dash"' out from the sen's *dge for r.00,0110 miles. 1 also intended it-1 watch far the liydrotr&lt;'n tlnii'e« befo-e mentioned, and for ihe fhadow bnnils." "The sol ond point In th-> forecasting of sea sole- - is the iisi roiionilcal position of tho moon. Th? moon, during rortaln priiods swingi to a greater or iiSfer extent I ortu or south of tlie ciuatnr. and this Indiires plus Or minus atmospheric tlden, wb|.;h can be likened lo Ihe tld.es of the ceean. That swing might be i'2Ri (-diarj"s north ond 'JRi degj-en: south of the eqratr-r in one month, when it is at its greatest swing, to IT J degrees north and 171 degrees south, when it is at ils least swiog. When ths taoon has a wide swing, lilts the wide swi ig of the peniluhiui of a cli-.k, it ih'ts the vapors of the topper region? of the :rt tr.osphnre where :lie cold air of re- I'Kivelv high IcmpeY.-tdircs acts as a coiideiiser to ihese va'poi's, conseniieutiy the rainfall is Increased, and tli" i-eyer.w takes places when the aiocn lins a email swine, nnd the rninfal falloff. "The pertnrbatiohs prodttcei by the astronomical position* of the pbil'ls is n yen- complicated b-isinn^f,. but is also comiw-ted with tlie fore-, casting «f the feasons. The greetcst work in meteorology In Australia is the forecasting of the seasons en that f-quatlei's nnd others may know wlmn 10 stock their nms. EfTorts are being ihhde to Induce tlie Hoard of Agrlcultiire to wage water. a fly which Is floiup; namaKt- estimated to amount annually to more than £2,000,000. Tlife Insect's name is the warblfc fly, aud its ravaging effects aro felt In tlie leather industry and the mc-at trade. Warble flies lay ibeir eggs on tbe hides of atsl-. tunls, nnd wlien the chrysalis is formed it causes r.iiijt are known in the trade as warble bole;. Several bundled bjieli holes.are frequently foil nil In tine hide, and always on tbe most valuable JjhH;. The diminished value froin this- caiuse of biles of animals slaughtered in the. Polled Kingdom Is estimated Et nearly £I;OM.OOt) annually,' There Is iprobably a larger loss in beef, as the fiy prevents tattle frotii fhrlving .si-" »a—• »•• a . - 