 BEATING THE BOOB. A QUEENSLAND JACK SHEPPARD, A DASH FOR FREEDOM. The Burglar Failed. Nowadays, gaol-breaking is u' very i rare occurrence; iron doors, stone wnlU. and Chubb locks aro too tough a pro blem for the wouUl-be Jack Shepuard. But in the old days, that was not so. arid many interesting stories could b«' written about these escapades. .Here h one which look place in Townsvilhv what time Inclement Wrnggo's cyclone used to rage along tho conAt, upsetting u town or two, or whut ever canto in the way. The TowmviUo wutchliousc was a building of the old sort, sur rounded by a frail stockade, which had crumpled 'like brown paper when as sailed liy Siginn, which, at Wragge's ho liest. had just half wrecked the city of Townsville. The flooring of- the cells was about two feet from the ground, and if u prisoner could only contrive to full through lie was free. There was no outer fence to scale, no sentries to pus- no hindrance whateverl Orice through the floor, and hey! for the ojien coun try and freedom. The flooring v was mlule of wood, an iron tongue on one' hoard being fitted in jo a- -wooden groove' In the other. Given any Bort of a saw, the thin,, strip of metal was ,thc only difficulty to be overcome. JBut how .to get n saw! . » . A BURGLAB BOLD, 1 one Willows, a' notorious character, who was in awaiting trial for a house breaking exploit, which earned him three years' free board and lodging at the Crown's expense, easily solved the problem. He made one. But .he had to get the material. How dld'he. man age that? As simply as "kiss your hand." The officer in charge of . the wo tollhouse was away on furlough, or doing other work, and n Taw. young in experienced policeman waB acting , us locum tenens. In those days, .police guests in the -watch-house weren't forced to tear tlic limited tucker, sup plied with their teeth, or bolt it like a hungry dog. At dinnertime thev were supplied with a knife nnd fork, whieji it was tlie duty of the officer, to remove when the meal was fihislied. " :But ih« row John Hop, possibly . rattled by Sigma, failed in this imperative duty, and so the housebreaker became po sessed of a knife. To be sure, it was only an iron one, but a lot can be done with a common piece of iron' by a deter mined handy man. When the next din- ner-tfme arrived, he obtained .another knife, and hy chopping it across, the bhule of the other, the burglar fashioned something of a jagged nature, that bore some semblance to a saw. He didn!t fin ish it at ono up, biit each day,, when the dinner-knife caiue in, he hammered away at his improvised stuv, arid even when the work of cutting his way to freedom was in progress, he used the knife as n sharpener. To effect' an en trance in the first board must have been a tedious joli, and one that called for a lot of perseverance. But when" a mun is making A BOLD BID " . . . for freedom, those requisites, are not wanting; and at Inst, the Townsville Jack Sheppard said a silent hooray to himself as the point of Iris saw-- slipped through tho board nnd pointed tu the ground and liberty. To cut 'across tho two six-inch boards was a simple mat- ler» and even the irop-tongue yielded, to the knife saw, and burglar sweat ml elbow grease. At last the job was com pleted, and a hole two feet by one gaped in . the floor, and Freedom looked in from below. On the morning, the task was finished, the housebreaker carefully concealed his trap with his blankojs, and like Wellington at Waterloo he prayed for night to come so that he might make his dash for freedom. Unlucky bur glar. As far. as he was concerned, alt his arduous toil was useless. He had fin ished the job a day too - late.. - Two drunks and a manine were brought .in, and the raw John Hop decided to place them in the burglar's .cell, and remove him to another. Useless the pleading . of the foiled one that he' loved that cell like a wife, or that he hungered for company, and he had to go out, and the others went in. And it didn't -take the trio long to discover the r hole in the floor, so it came In handy 'after -all, only the wrong men got the benefit thereof. One by one the trio slipped through, the drunks making a bee line for the neurest pub, and the maniac for the open country. Another prlsoncrMn a cell close by suddenly missed the noise in the drunks' cell, and thinking the maniac had strangled them he knocked until ho attracted the attention of . the watch-house matron. One. ..glance through the door apprised that lady that the cage was empty, and that the BII1DS IJA1) FLOWN. " The John Hop was summoned with the keys; oiul on the door being opened, and the blankets removed, the means of exit was quickly discovered. The es cape of the drunks was a matter of minor consequence. The- first pub would pull them up, but the lunatic was a grave business. He was a married, man, who had been removed from lib home for family protection, and they would have to he seen to. But the maniac ar rived home first, and nearly scared the life out of liis wife before - the ' John Hops turned up, The young policeman In charge of the lockup could not leave, so the matron herself went out to look for the drunks, and as &lie anticipated found them at tlic nearest grog shop., Tliey had got oiitsido of two or three pints in the meantime, arid being quite mellow and amenable to reason or' the witching wiles of woman, '.they .went back like lambs to the slaughter, and got off In the morning with a caution. The matter was hushed up, and although some of the Townsvllle cognoscenti were told and laughed heartily over the jepl; aode, it never became public, property, and this is the first time it has appeared In print. The authorities were to blairie in putting an inexperienced man in such a responsible position, so no bother was made. But it was touch and go. If the artificer had only finished Ills job n day- sooner, a burglar bold would havo gained his liberty, and possibly have vanished in the then almost wilderness of -the West. And after all tho - trouble he had gone to, and cleverness ,of. making a saw out of a knife by choppirig.it with another, one is almost inclined to fed sorry that ho didn't get a run, for his money. However, It was better that he was foiled, for such a remarkable genius wasn't safe at large. V, 