 MR CLEMENT WRAGGE. " A VOYAGE THROUGH THE UNIVERSE. " It is safe to say that had the wea- ther been more propitious the Gaiety Theatre would have been crowded to hear Mr Clement Wragge give his scien- tific and inspiring lecture, entitled, " A Voyage through the Universe. " In opening, the lecturer said a truly scientific man was no atheist, but was forced to recognise the Divine Archi- tect. The lecturer explained that the stars were really suns with their own worlds revolving around them, many of &nbsp; &nbsp; the suns being grander than our own sun. As our sun had worlds revolving round it inhabited by human beings, so, no doubt, these other worlds were in- habited with beings very likely of a higher order, and more intellectual, as there were no two suns nor two worlds exactly alike. By countless beings of orders in many cases far higher in the evolutionary scheme than we are, and suited to special environment, refined etheral creatures in fact, with nervous &nbsp; systems so exquisitely constituted that they would vibrate to the passage of a meteorite. And again, other worlds of other systems are inhabited by crea- tures lower or denser than we are is as sure as we can be sure of anything. All come in in the great scheme of cos- mic evolution— all are sparklets of and from the Infinite Reservoir of the Life of the Most High, and nothing can be annihilated, not even one electron. Science and religion are one, and the sooner ministers of religion recognised this, the better it would be for every- &nbsp; &nbsp; body. The best cathedral to worship in was an astronomical observatory, &nbsp; and no one couls worship there without exclaiming, " Wonderful are Thy Works. " If men could only take a tele- scope and study the stars they would find that astronomy makes them humble and lifts them up higher and higher until they came into harmony with the Most High. The Southern Cross was well known to all with the two stars near it called pointers. The lowest or brightest of these two was the near- est to the sun and the nearest to the earth after their own sun, yet if a rail- way was run from the earth to the pointer called Alpha and the fare was only one penny per 100 miles, it would take £900,000,000 to pay the railway fare, and running at the rate of 60 miles a minute it would take 41,000,000 years to get there. If it took so long to reach this, the nearest sun, how about a railway to the other suns. The lecturer then touched on flowers and their minute creation, and suddenly, referring again to the marvels of the heavens, asked how any one could study these things and not cry, " Marvellous are Thy works o' God. " Our sun was thrown off from a mass of nebula bil- lions of years ago, and our earth in turn was blown off from the sun fully 900,000,000 years ago, and the human race on this planet ante dates by far 600,000 years, as shown by the evidence of the rocks, which are the grandest historians that we have. The hydro- gen flames of the sun were as much as 150,000 miles long. It had been mark- ed that when all great earthquakes and eruptions had visited the earth there had been these cyclonic storms or black &nbsp; spots on the sun. After the interval the lecturer dwelt on the moon, which he said was a life- less world, though not absolutely so. The earth was eleven times larger than the moon, and the dark marks on the moon were the old dried up seas and &nbsp; mountain ranges. Various photogra- phs and drawings were screened, and upon these Mr Wragge dilated at considerable length. The different co- mets as photographed from the leading observatories were shown, and the reasons for their appearance given. The lecture was attentively listened to, and the lecturer was frequently ap- plauded. At the conclusion of the lecture de- monstrations were given on radium. Mr Wragge explained that the Alpha rays or particles travel without ceasing for thousands of years at 15,000 miles a second, the Beta rays, which are es- caped electrons go at X24,000 miles a se- &nbsp; cond, and the marvellous Gamma or Ether rays travel at 186,000 in one se- cond, and passing through so-called " solids. " Zinc sulphides enables our limited vision to see the effects of the Alpha rays, and barium platino cya- nide shows us the effects of the Ether rays, which will pass through iron one foot thick. To-night the subject is " The Majesty of Creation, " and this will be the last opportunity Zeehanites will have of listening to the great astronomer. 