 WEATHER CYCLES AND COMETS. Mr. W. H. Webb, of Bathurst, writ, ing to the 'Herald,' says: Early in March Mr.. T. \V, Keele gave an in- .. tcresting account of. his, investigations 'dn' weather cycles, and, .quoted from ? the Bible in s'upport of his theory that 'the 171-year cycle is the true period icity.' He studied tho Darling River and Lake George flood records, and from the latter says: 'It clearly shows a period of 57 years.' From 'the an nual inundations of the Nile as far back as 1736 and up to 1903. ... it be came eyideh't' that its period must be either 114. years or 171' years.' Then he quotes the late Mr. Symons on Bri tish rainfall, showing 57 years, and his torical events from Waif ord's and oth er catalogues' as showing 171 years as thoi 'regular intervals.' Concern ing the 171 years' cycle I wrote some time ago 'that life Was too short to worry over a 171 years' cycle, and I ob serve that Mr. T. E. Willis is of the same opinion. It is interesting to soe that Mr. Keele admits that 'there were evidences that some mysterious influence affected the weather ev-vy 19 years.' When I first read of Mr. Keele's 171 years' cycle, sorn-i months ago, I wondered whether be tver ' 'thought of a peculiarity in his '?ru'tings viz., that all of his arguments H/rput ' the 19 yoars' cycle, so ably woikiul out for some time by the late Mr. Kifs^'ell, ' inasmuch as he names a 57 years cy cle, which is reall ythrec periods of iq yoars, and his 171 years cy-te is also three periods, but of 7 ?y.'ars, and nine of the 19 years' ryde. I alwavs believe in looking at the bright side of things, henco shortly after reading Mr. Clement Wragge's alarming statement published on' Sep-i tembcr 11, 190S, that 'the lainfall in Australia will now fall off, but the'; coming drought will probablv not be so sovcre as the last,' in January, of 1909, when I had completed some in vestigations after several months of very dry weather, I wrote that good rains were not far oft Onlv a few davs later oxcellont rams fell, January finishing with 370 points in Bathurst, and the vcar turning out one of the best for nino years, not only here, but all over the State. It is now just 12 months since I wrote regretting that the Commonwealth Meteorology De partment did not publish the valuable \ information that the late Mr. Russell used to give, and, as people vyqre com plaining bitterly about the dry spell then prevailing, especially about Sydney and the South Coast, both be ing about one-third short, the Hunter :and Manning ono quarter short, the 'central west slopes the same short, the north coast one-tenth, and south tableland one-twelfth short, I said thai some of thorn might reasonably expect early relief. Every one of these had magnificent rains, and finished up the year 1909 with great increases. . And since then greater rains -have fallen, even to scvore floods, in several parts, and waterspouts have been seen on the ocean. The important question to now con sider is: What is probable after tho fearful downpours ' in Europe, on the ocean, and in some parts of Australia? The long dry spells since March 12 last, when 114 points fell, and only 4' points on April 18, and 11 on April 24, together with severe frosts, and good threatenings, but all going away, and other bad signs, one is reluctantly j compelled to feel that some 'mysteri- I ous influence' is at work interfering I with the 19 years' cycle, and that pos- . I sibly Mr. Clement W!ragge's drought .1 has commenced. ? ? j The passing of the stars Venus and Jupiter brought nice rains. The Au rora Australis brought lovely rains. The solar eclipse apparently did noth ing. It is Halley's Comet that we now look to as the cause of the trou ble. The last great comet ? that we remember was- that of 1SS1. The year 1880 was a drought, -and that continued until 1S86; and. thousands of live stock died in this 'State and ? Queens land. Creeks dried up about Bathurst and Orange that vyere' never known dry before. It has been said that it is '74 years since Halley's Comet ' ap peared until now. That takes us bacl: to 1S36 (it appeared in 1835)- As * boy I well remember my late grandfa ther ofton speak of the fearful drought of 1S39. It was long and bad, and, as we usually speak of them from tho close, it is most likely to have started about 1S35. As severe droughts followed the ap pearance of tho comets in 1S35 and 1SS1, we fear it may be a dry time dur ing the next two or three years, not withstanding the fact that the S^ southern anti-cyclonic belt is in tno rainy season. We have had the as urance of Mr. Wragge that the drought will not be so severe as the last; hence wo .can rest assured that the country ill survive.it. 