 1VEATEER FORIECASTING HOW IT IS DONE. sir. Clement Wragge's subject on Sat ulrday evening was the "Romance of the Atmosphere." Still again there was a very large audience, publio inturoast be ing easidy sustained to the last of this fascinating aeries of aciejtifce lectures. -Mr. Wragge dealt mainly with the fore- casting of the weather, outlining the car dinal principles ,which have to be observ-. ed in this important work, describing tile collection of the necessary data, an?L showiing how forecasts are made up and issued. No man ,has better authority to lecture upon this branch of meteor ology than Mr. \Vragge, who speaks from 35 years' experience, and was w\onder dully successful in the worrk dllug the lengthy period for whiuh Ihe was in charge of the Queensland Weather Bureau. The -weather concerns us all. It is of vast impor-tance to the mani on the liand, to the naviga'tor, and even to the house wife with a heavy wash on hand. tCon sequently everybody watches vcry closely t'he forecasts that are issued as to the weatifer in store for the different portions of the Commonwealthl,. 3lr. W\ragge divi:decd the work of a weather bureau into three parts-(1l) scasonal Tbreeasting, (2) ordinary forecasting, and (3) the study of the local peculiarities .of Australian climate. Of these, said the lecturer, by far the most illllportant was that of seasonal forecasting". a the future Australia would have droughtls just as she had had in. the past, andl it was obviously of the utmost import; ance that the pastorahlist and others af fected should be forewarned so that they might be able to take the necessary measures of precaution. - Mr. \Vragge txplained that his working hypothesis hi seasonal forecasting, embraced the stuldy of tle pllhysical condition of the ' slll and his maxinnlll and minimum moods, the astronomuical position of the moon, and the perturbations p:oducedl by other planets. Experience showed lthat w?hen the run was at his llmaximumn they hari abunda nt rainfall and good seasons in Australia. The earth unmio takably responded to the vibrations of sun spots1 , which were huge raging cy clones of hydrogen gas. There was a large one in active evidence now. lie saw it on Thursday, and again that day, and in the meantime it had grown considerably, and now w'as 527000 miles across. lie screened a slide s.esigned to show how c-losely curves of sunstorinls, temperature, humidity, rainfall, typhoid, plague, anti small-pox followed one an othler, and argued that they were linleo: one to the other just as was everything else affected by the suno, that great agent of the Infinite. Broadly speaking, tihe phases *of the moon had no influence on the weather, but with the nIlon's astro nomical position it wa5s another matter. the swing of lunar declination-- a swing he likened to t1hat of the peIndllum al ai clock-was a potent factor, for a wide swing meant Inore rain. 'The influcnce of other phlnets also hald to be consider ed, and, guided by these three ba.sic prin clples, ihr. Wragge contended that sea sonal forecasting was perfectly possible. It had been done in India with a fair amount of success, and could and ought to be done in Australia. (Hear, hear.) Ordinary forecasting, that from day to day, 'was quite a different thing. But to aohieve success they must have high level as well as low-level observations; and the lecturer expressed the surprise and regret with which he found that the stations he had established at the sum mnits of Mlounts Wellington and Kosci usko had been abandoned, and that reli. ance was now placed on data gatnered half-way up, observations that were of little or no value as compared with those taken at the top. This was doing things by halves, in which, personally, he had no faith. "I believe," said Mir. lWragge, "in doing things properly and iwell, or in not doing them at all. Look at the United States, where they spend ?f300,000 a year on their weather bu reau. They do things tllere. it was a bitter disappointment to mle when the F1ederal Government, in taking over tlhe Post and Telegraph )Department, discard ed the weather bureau attached to it, and the meteorological servi-, was lknocked into the lee scuppers." By the aid of lantern views the lecturer showed how the collection of meteorological data was accomplished, how it came from every part of Australia and New Zea -land, was reduced to a common stan dard, and in that form usedr to forecast the weather that might be expected. 'This was most interesting, and of educational value. It showed the practical side of meteorological science, and the audilee applauded MItr. Wragge vigorously when hie remarked--"How easy it is to fore cast the weather-when you know how!:'" In. spite of almost insuperable difficul ties Mr. Wragge developted weast-her forc casting to a high pitch, anti was pr1eplar ing to have storm warnings exhibited at every post office and on every mail train throughout Australia when federation came, and smash went his bureau. "Fore casting is said to be very hard," Mr. Wragge went on. "It is nothing of the sort, tlhough they have a council of five now to do what I used to do in half an hour. God bless me, but iin't it funny!" With sonime additional daily dats obtained from witlhout Australia: said I lar. Wragge, thle Commonwealth ought to hIave the finest meteorological service in the wor!d, and it should be possible to forecast with 9S per cent. of accu racy. "See tllhat you get it," concluded the lecturer. In about a fortuight Mr. Wragge, after a country tour, will return to Lanatees ton sad give another lecture on an astro- I nomical subject. 