 WEATHER CYCLES AND COMETS. Mr. W. II. Webb, Bathurst, writes: —'Early in March Mr. T. W. Keele gave an interesting account' of his in vestigations on weather cycles, and quoted from the Bible in support of his theory that 'the 11-year cycle is the true periodicity.' lie studied the Dar ling River and Lake George flood re cords, and iroiu the latter says: 'It clearly shows a period of 57 years.' From 'the. annual inundations of the Nile as far back as 173G and up to 1!)05 — it became evident that its period must be either .114 years or 171 years. ' Then lie quotes the late Mr. Symons ou British rainfall showing 57 years, and' historical events from Walford's and other catalogues as showing 171 years as the 'regular intervals.' Con cerning the 171 years cycle, I wrote some time ago that life was too short to worry over a 171 year's cycle, and I observe that Mr. T. E. Willis is of the same opinion. It is interesting to see that Mr. Ivecle admits that 'thero were evidences that some mysterious in fluence affected tho weather every 19 years.' When I first read of Mr. Kee'e's 171 years' cycle, some months ago, I wondered whether ho ? ever thought of a peculiarity iu his findings, viz., that all of his arguments support the 19 years', cycle, so ably worked out for some time by tlic late Mr. Russell, inasmuch as he names a 57 years' cycic, which is really three periods of 19 years and his 171 years cycle is also three periods, but of 57 years, and nine of the 19 years cycle. I always believe in looking at the bright side of things; hence shortly after reading Mr. Clement Wragge's alarming statement, pub'ished on Sep tember 11, 190S, that 'the rainfall in .Australia will now fall off, but the coming drought will probably be not so severe as the last,' in Janauary of 1909 when I had completed some investiga tions after several months of very dry weather, 1 wrote that good rains were not far off. Only a few days later ex cellent rains fell, January finishing with 370 points at Bathurst, and the year turning out one of the best for nine years, not only here, but all over the State. It is now just 12 months since I wrote regretting that the Com monwealth Meteorology Department did not publish tho va'uable informa tion that the late Mr. Russell used to give and, as people .were complaining bitterly about tho dry spell then prevail ing, especially about Sydney and the South Coast ,both being about one-third short, the Hunter and Manning one quarter short, tho central west slopes the same short, the north coast ouc t'enth, and south tableland one-twe'fth short, I said that some of them might reasonably expect early relief. Every one of these had magnificent rains, aud finished up the year 1909 with great increases. And since then greater rains have fallen, even to severe floods, in several parts, and ' waterspouts have been seen on the ocean. The important question to now con sider is: — What is probable after the fearful downpours in Europe, on the ocean, and some parts of Australia? The long dry spells since March 12 last, when 114 points fell, and only 41 points -W1 Anvil IS ' -ill/1 11 „n AiM-il -M f„.r/.f_ her with severe frosts, and good threat euings, but all going away, and other bad signs, one is reluctantly compelled to feel that some 'mysterious influence' is at work interfering with the 39 years cycle, and that possibly Mr. Cement Wragge's drought has com menced. The passing of the stars Venus and Jupiter brought nice rains. The Aurora Australia brought lovely rains. The so lar eclipse apparently did nothing. It is Hall'ey's comet that wc now look to as the cause of the trouble. The last great comet that wo remember was that of 1881. The year 1880 was a drought, and this continued until 188G; and thou sands of live stock in this State and in Queensland died. Creeks dried up abou't Bathurst and Orange that were never known dry before. It has boen said that it is 74 years since Ilalley's comet appeared until now. That takes us back to'183G (it appeared in 1835). As a boy I well remember my late grandfather often speak of the fearful drought of 1839. It was long and bad; and, as we usually speak of 'them from the close, it is most like'y :to have u#-fi I'.f-n/i »w-i-- isar, As severe droughts followed the ap pearance of the comets in 1835 and 1881 wo fear it may be a dry time during the next two or three years, notwith standing the fact that the great south ern, anti-cyclonic belt is in tho rainy season. We have had the assurance of Mr. Wragge that the drought will not be 'so severe as the last; hence we can rest assured that the country will. sur- vive it. It is considered by many land owners in the 'Riverina that the development of many districts would be enhanced by the State Government granting power to tho sliire councils to construct light railway lines. Several Queens land lines are municipalised. The Becn leigh line becomes the absolute pro perty of the farmers when all the in-' stalnicnts arc paid. In every case in tho northern State tho money so invested roturns a profit to the councils. 