 SEASONS AND SOLAR SYSTEMS mr. wragge's real forecast. when "wildehnes8e8 become smiling edenb." Some remarks attributed to Mr. clement L. Wragge, whoxo name as a -meteorologist is known the world ovor, by a-Melboume paper a short whllo ago "cast a gloom," us tho death notices say, over the farmers and paa- torallsts of Australasia. But it Deems that Mr. Wragge did not auy what ho Ib said tJ huvo said, so this morning ho sot hitnseU right Vlth thosti gentlemen who follow thu cult' of the land, sheep, horse, or cow, os a profession, und with tho country generally. Sold the big chief weather prophet between pipe pufr s und re-lights:— "A tow woeku ugo I gave a forecast to thu Melbourne 'Age,' und Htutcd that between 1910 and 1915, or at the utmost IMti. the rain fall In AuHtrulla us a wholo would fall to- low the average. Such Is understood by the word 'drought,' remembering Unit drought, meteorologically understood, mcrtiqi precipi tation under the uvenigc umuk..(, und dov.i not necessarily imply sucn a drought us thut which was experienced In 1901-3. 1 turthur the avcrago (or 'drought) would be more pronounced In the Inland districts of Aus tralia than would be the caso near tho coast; and thut if jmatorallsts, fanners, and otheru were wise they would not overstock, but would conserve water whllo it Is yet here, and would certainly mnkc cnsllugc and stora up fodder Instead of burning it und letting it go to waste. Such teaching, It would be un derstood, Is thoroughly In harmony with t.iu parable of the 10 virgins, fivo of whom wcr? wise, and livu wcro foolish. NO PROPHECY OF "SEVERE DROUGHT." "Now, the report wao Immediately circu lated, and purtlculurly In Gippslnnd and parts of'NftW South Wales, thut 'Mr. U'iagg«j hud suld thut Australia was on tho eve 01 six yours of soverc drought.1 I never uard those words, und strictly mlhcro to what has already been said in the foregoing, numciv. that a dellclencv of rainfall, more or less, will be experienced within or during the period named, und this Is tho very best that moteorologlcal science can give at this pres ent stage In tho history of wouther study. " "On what do you base your conclusions, M,\ Wragjro?" "My answer In threefold. To forecast seasons one must study first the physical condition of tho sun, with respect to whut tiro known as Its maxima and minima mooilc; secondly, the astronomical position of tho moon, nnd the swing of lunar deetinutioii north und south from the equator, which produces tides in tho atmosphero nnni,i„mw: tc those produced in the ocean; and thirdly, the perturbations produced o:. thlH rdnnet and Its atmosphere by .fb« aaUronomlcal i|K>sitlons of our fellow-planets. This hitter 1» very com plex, and for the subject of our Interview may be practically waived. ' "To speuk particularly with rcs|iect to the suit. It is now well known that thut subtle medium called the ether, by which wlrulesa telegraphy becomes possible. Is, In reality, the nll-pervnding ocean of electricity thu4. links together everything that Is In the vast abysses of the eternal heavens— called th Supra-Unlversc— und everything that Is In the profundities of tho Infra-Universe— -by whloh Is meant the atoms, molecules, germs, corpusctos, and electrons. In a word, every thing Is linked up by the ether, nnrl every thing- forms part nnd parcel of everything else; and It Is nil the same story from Ihe corpuscle to the mighty sun Canopus. And, as our sun, milliards of years ago, was hurled oft from a mass of disintegrating nebula, so was this earth cast off from the sun by it process analogous to the disintegration of tho radium atom about 900,000,000 years ago, as far as science can at present fix the period, and the mooii in its turn was hurled off the earth. Our fellow-planuts, also, wcro hurtled into space from the solar orb At different pe riods in tho history of our solar system. WIRELESS TO THE SUN. "Roaring In inlnd. thon, what has alrendy been said, It will at onco be conceded thut tho eurth and the sun arc in harmony, or linked up by 'wlrclcsn,' through 93 millions of miles. And tho.v as tho groat hydrogen flames leapt from the sun's photosphere to ti height even exceeding 334,000 miles, and as the grout storms, calk".', sun spots, break out, aomn haying diameters of from 30.000 to 60, Wo miles, hurl off vibrations or pulsations to the very ether Itself which are analogous to- Marconi tyave. Such may also be likened— to jfive a popular Idea— to the wave's formed in water when a stone is thrown In. Under tho Titanic ctheric waves hurled off by the nun this earth throbs und pulsates exactly as a telegraph wire under tho hand of lh>t operator. Vibrations with rcepoct tp this planet act in much the same way as u con troller ucts to nn engine, at the one time 'drawing the strings'— to use nn expression —and at another letting them loose. They are therefore Immediately responsible for the volcanic emotions, the earthquakes, tidal waves, and hurricanes, and not only dlsnincc All aurorac. hut also, und vory especially, for abnormalities In seasons— as droughts, famines, floods, and good passages; Iio pre valence or otherwiso of certain diseases also come' under the samo Influence." ' SQIjAR VIBRATIONS AND SEASONS. "What hos led you to concludo that the solar vibrations affect the seasons?" "Well, I have been u . student of solar physics for about 35 years, und cluim to havo proved that when the sun is at his maximum onergy the rainfall In the southern hemi sphere Is over the average, und that when the sun is under the minimum Influence bad seasons prevail In tho southern honilsphcrc, and purtlculurly In Australia, which, by its peculiar geographical position, la particularly susceptible to solar influence.' The very opposite provalls In the northern hemisphern, and tho two hemisphere; respond in opposite ways to the sun's conditions, exactly as we huvo opposite circulation of tho winds around the cyclones and unti-cyclones In the northern and southern hemispheres respec tively. During the maximum of the sun, moreover, earthquakes and volcanic action, with "drought, arc particularly marked In the northern hemisphere, while tho southern hemisphere ts then more or less In a state of seismic rest, with good seasons. When thu minimum of the sun comes on, or Is evolving —for It is a cradunl process — then earth quakes nnd volcanic action begin to fall oft In tho northern hemisphere, nnd the rainfall to go up, while earthquakes and seismic action become more marked In tho- southern hemisphere. It is only necessary to go hack Into recent history. Tho crest of the solar maximum occurred In 1903. nnd since then, to 1909, the maximum has been graudnlly fall ing off by a series of minor crests. But yet In thn flpeTAMln tho mntlmiim rotrind h»& been Abnormally prolonged, evidently owing to a dork sun or other cosmic body getting on our sun. TIIE BOOM IN EARTHQUAKES. "Cast your minds hack Into recent history, and this hypothesis will he found to hnvo been fulfilled to the letter. Remember the earthquake of Arrll. 1903. in India, when the sun was nt the height of Its. energy; the sub- seque.pt eArthqinkcs In Japan nnd Formosa; the dlsastroua Italian earth&lt;y.iake of a few years ago. when Vesuvius was In full erup tion: the San Franciscan and West Indian earthquakes, and others, including those In tho south of France nnd in Mexico. And be it said that on every occasion cited great upheavuts wcro taking place In the sun. During the maximum period, moreover, re membering what I have said, a terrible drought prevailed in Rpnln nnd in other parts of Europe, especially in south-eastern Russia, j where, uh tin cablegrams told us. parents were forced to Hull their very offurrins for bread: then there were tho Munehurlnu droughts, &c., an-, nil the while Australia, don't forget, was enjoying good seasons. As the eun'a condition hue sine been approach, ing the minimum trough, whut do wo find? Wo find the conditions becoming exactly re versed. namely, floods In Huln. floods in Paris, In Italy, nnd Central Europe; flood In England; the great floods in JapUn, Involv ing millions of pounds duniugc, and tho cloudbursts in America— and particularly the Yosemlte Valley. Meantime, the Incoming &lt; Influenco of the solar minimum Is now af- 1 fueling Australasia, where, already, m cer- tuin purls, us, tor Instance, Gippoiund, the Otugo goldfields In Now Zealuna. and else where. ihu rainfall bus fulien under thu uvnr- ' ugo, und earthquuitc action has gone up, us Is evidenced by the rccordu of the aoisinograpba : at the Sydney, Meloourne. and Forth Ubscr- j vuturlfs." I "Whun your original forecast of a coming rainfall deficiency was given u lew yeuru ago, j I think yuu mentioned thut 191U would be u 1 bad yeur?" "Yus, I did, and I predicted the .worst would be about 1912,, but (hen 1 was not aware of the extraneous cosmic influence thut acted to prolong abnormally the maximum mood uf the sun. And thus 1 huvo to add on two years at teasi, una maac me arougm. or yndcr-tho-uvcrage, period botwoen or dur ing the closing part of 19DJ und the und uf 1916. LOCKING THE RIVERS. "You will understand thut thto Is u big subject, and ono most absorbingly interesting to all Australians, und It Is difficult to do full justice to II in un ordinary newspaper inter view. If a country would succeed, It can only be by Its people bringing themselves Into harmony with cosmic law, which alone en ables a nation to muster its fate und fulfil Us destiny. Therefore, und speaking from the scientific and logical point uf view, I argue that It will be more stutesmunllko und rational for the Federal Government to siKjnd the money Intended for Yuss-Cun- berra on plucklly taking the conditions In hund with a masterly grip, and locking tho rlvors, such us'tho Murray and Its tributaries, the Maranoa, the Warrcgo, and tho Darling, und others, and conserve water. With this the country could be Irrigated, and the wilderness made to smite like Eden. Thu climutu could thus be modified, neutralis ing on the one hund the effects of the hot, burning wind, and on the; other modifying to un extent the cold busters from the south. "With a rational and national scheme of water conservation and inland irrigation the desert wastes of Australia might be redeemed and made as fertile as thoee of the valley ol Utah, which I personally know. Such would be true statesmanship, and the Federal capit al inlght well bo held over In tho meantime. First, what Is wanted in Australia Is popu- largc sca!c under the conditions ul present prevailing Inland. They must be made agree able to the conditions of the progressive set tler's life." THE COMING SHORTAGE. "Do you think, Mr. Wragge, that the de ficiency In rainfall which you predict be tween 1910 and 1916 will be as severe as tho 1901-2 drought?" "No, as tar aa can be eccn. It will not, be cause the sccund factor.numely.the astronomi cal position of the moon Is ojierntlng against thu incoming minimum inoud «C tho suN. Thu swing of lunar declination has increased, und is Increasing. Thttu the vibrutlonu of the atmosphere, particularly over oceanic areus, will be lifted in the form of tides to tho up per regions, thero to bo condensed Into a certain amount of rain by tho cold, high- pressure systems, disregarding the difference of pressure due to difference In height. It will thus be understood thut thu moon is not ing against the sun. But tho sun hus tho first say lu the matter. Therefore, thero will be the deficiency In rainfall within or 'during tho years I have already stated, Q.E.D. "Let farmers and pustornllsts then, be wise, und follow my advice. Thero la no need for alarm. Let their prayer be:— 'Great Arciw- tect of tho Universe, give tno wisdom; let iu&lt;: dam. and conserve the waters and fodder.' "Such," said the fortune-teller uf the ele ments, concluding, "is true logic, and 1 can say no more." 