 tho following appeared -in our Second Edition yesterday. ' FOREWARNED IS FQREARMED, Warning is issued by the Meteorologi cal Department that a fierce disturbance !s travelling southward. Already that dls- turbanoa has caused' considerable, and, ns . later reports may prove, very great damage, in the 'north. The special feature of these itinerant meteorological distur bances is flat they as they proceed, instead of losing strength, they gather force. They resemble an insurgent army. Every district through which they pass, and leave, in their passing, broad evi dences of their passage and ravage, con tributes its local reinforcements to their strength. Thus, while at a given spot, one' of these disturbances, by reason of its violence may seem to havo expended its' strength,, the fact is that as it proceeds, It gathers frcsb strength and ferocity, just as did An taeus of old, , who. cvory time he placed his foot on mother earth, was reinforced by frcsli energy; The special purpose of the meteorological department is to an ticipate the probable cITccts of these vio lent visitants. From reliable data that department is able to foretell with aiiso- luto accuracy, that within a certain period, the disturbance of which it has bam notified, will reach this or that spot. But in how many instances is pro per advantage taken of the information thus afforded ? It may be remembered that when Mr. Wragge was State meteo rologist, tliuit devastating cyclonic disturbance wi'aieli he designated "Sigma," swept over the northern' part of Queens land. Its approach was predicted ; and, like Caesar, if; came, saw, and conquered. fThe record of the ravage which it iwrought now is embalmed in the annals o£ Queensland's history. 'What precau tions, then, a.re now being taken to an ticipate the probable effects of the dis turbance now swooping southwards ? For iat least two days warnings have been Issued, not cinly to shipping, but also to those inland, over whose districts tlie storm area is certain to extend. Unless these warnings, based on ascertained scientific data and on specific observation lit points an>d centres whence reliable in formation is obtainable, are lieeded, of what practical use is the Commonwealth Meteorological Dcpartmftit ? There is tvery reason, in view of the efforts which that department makes to afford fullest possible information both to shipping and to the people on the' land, why the fore- fcasts as issued should he very carefullv Studied. It is the settler who disre- :gards such information who usually is found, in time of flood, asquat the cap ping; of his house roof, and floating, like (Robinson Crusoe, to some unknown island, ior on whose drowned body the magistrate has to hold- an inquiry as to the cause lot its appearance on the surface of the flood waters. Ample warning of the approach of this fierce meteorological Send has been given. Those who are wise will mate every possible preparation lomjts: repulse 