 A VOYAGE THROUGH THE UNIVER8E MR WRAGGE AT THE TOWN I ITATzTY The Town Hall was eroxdod last night, when Mr Clement L. Wragge, the famous astronomer and meteorologist, gave his scientifio lecture entitled " A Voyage through the Universo." Mr Wragge opened hit remarks by ssying a truly scientifio min was no atheist, bufwss forced to rsoogniio tbe Divine Arohiteot. (Applause). Thelfirst pictures thrown u;on tbe sheet were those of tbe stars, which Mr Wragge ex plained were really suns with their own worlds revolving round them, and many of these stars were grinder sous than oar own son, and ss our sua had worlds revolving round it inhabitated with human being?, so, no doubt, had tbeae iters or suns worlds revolving roundthem inhabitated with human beings, and very likely of a higher order, as there were no two eons or two worida exaotly alike. Tho best cathedral to worship in was an istronomieal observatory, and no one could worship there without exclaiming," "Wonderful are Thy works," Science and religion are one, and as soon as the ministers recognised this the better for everybody. If men oould only tako a telescope and study tbe iters, they would find that astronomy makes men humble and lifts them np higher and higher until they camo iito harmony with tho Most High, whioh was the only true happiness. He then drew the' people's attention to the Southern Orosi, and to the two iters near it, whioh w6rff called pointers. The lowest or- brightest of these two was the nearest to the sun and the nearest to the r arth after their own sail', yet If a railway was run from the earth to tho pointer called Alpha, and the fare was only one penny per 100 miles, it wculd .take £900,000,000 to pay the railway fare, and running at the rate of 60 miles minute it would take 41,000,000 years to get there. If it took so long to reaoh this, the neaitst sun, hew about a rail way to the other suns. The lecturer then touched on flowers and their minute oreation, and suddenly, referring again to the marvels of the heaven asked how any one eonld study these things and not ory, " Marvellous are Thy works o', God." The leoturer then explained how sans were formed, and maintained that their sun was thrown off from other sans 800,000,000 years ago. Many other stars/suoh as Orion's Belt»8even Sisters, Big Bear, Sygnus, were thrown on the sheet and explained by the leoturer, who stated that the reason why men did not go to ohuroh was because they did not receive any food, bat if the parsons would build an observatory to their ohuroh they would have muoh thought to give to their people. The next life was the real one, this one was the unreal. A beautiful piotare was shown of the sun at mid night in tbe Antarotio regions. Tho con stitution of the sun was explained, the leoturer staling that the blaok spots noticed on the sun were in reality great cyclones from 60,000 to 80,000 miles in diameter travelling over the sun, and when these storms break out on the sua they had a marked effeot on the earth. He etatod that the hydrogen flames of the can were 160,000 miles long. It had been noticed when all' the great earth quakes hsdvisited tho earth there had been these cyclonic storms or blaok spots on the sun. Many pictures were here thrown on tho eoreen, taken duriDg a total eolipse of the sun, and showing the hyrodgon flames of the sun. After a short interval, the leoturer took up another phase of his lecture namelv. the maos. and in doing to stated that the moon was a lifeless world, though not absolutely so. When they saw the moon at that stage when they call it the new moon, it wbi really the sun rising on the moon, and as the sun rose so the different quarter came about, until it become foil moon. When it was fall 'moon it was night on the moon itself whioh wae reflecting the earth light whioh was shining on the mrOD The earth was eleven times larger than the moon, and the dark marks on the moon were the old dried up seiB and mountain ranges. Sometimes when they get angry with a man they tell him to go to h— , s plice of whioh they knew nothing. It would be muoh better to tell him to go to the moon, a lifeless' dried up world of great heat in the. day and 260 desrees below zero at nieht time Many views were shown of the moon in all its qfages, showing the mountain ranges, dried up seas and oraterst One view gave a weird scene cf how the world passing between tbe sun and the moon would appear to an inhabitant on the moon if it had been possible for anyone to live there. A orator of volcano on tho moonwss compared to the picture of the orater of Vesuvius, and shown "to be much alike. Mr Wragge slip rofer/cd to the comet, ahd said that - if by any obonce th? earth should o:me into con tact 'with a comet, the comet would staffer, not the earth, whloh would go through the comet like an eleph&nt through a spider's web, as a comet was not a substanoo, and in proof of this he stated that he had taken observations while Halley's comet had passed the sun, and all that was to be seen was an aurora glare, if the oomot had been solid a dark shadow would have been thrown over the sun. Donati's oomet of 1868 would not, he said, re-appear until somewhere about 4600, by whioh timo he hoped the Mount Wellington Observatory would be again in working order. (Laughter). Tbe leoturer concluded by giving the legend of tbe man who implored God to let him see the universe. God granted his prayer, and an angel took him through virions stars and comets to tbe "sun, atfg showed him the oy clonic disturbances taken place there, -'thence he" went to Uranus, Yenus, and then on to Mars, a world dying of thirst, and although the inhabitants had oonnectod the wholo plaoe with oanals so that the star should be irrigated, it would be no' good, as Mars wsi a doomed world, thenco he was 'taken to Jupiter with its eight moons and Saturn, but both places wouh? be too hot for him to stay, and as the angel was taking him farther on the man prayed to be allowed to go back to the world as he had seen enough, the angel explaining that he had not as yet left his own solar systom, and there were millionj of iqph solar systems all round higi. ' The leoturer was frequently applauded during the evening, and' all expreised pleasure at the intellectual " treat given them, whioh wonld be long remembered. After the lecture, aboat 60 people stayed behind to see some demonstrations in radium. The leoturer explained thoro were various kinds of rays which fame from radium. The alpha rays, whloh travelled 16.000 miles a second, the vets, 124,000, and the ether, whioh travelled 186, QQG miles a second. TEe rays of ether, whioh traveled through solids, iron, tin, Ac., oould not be - seen with out the ihelp of sulphide of zino. The lights being put out the different rays were shown, the Alpha rays throw ing out atoms, the Yete rays in a tube, which were used for eating away cancer ous flesh in hospitals, As,, and the Ether rays, by the help of zino of sulphide through hats, handkerchiefs, coat sleeves, Ac.' When the was lighted tgaio, Mr WrQKK showed, the Fitoh blende j fiom whioh radium waa derived, and j stated tht it in itironghetite was worth I £600 a ton, and there was no reason why ' It coufd net be found In Tasmania, 