 THE ROMANCE OF ATNIOS- PKERE LECTURE BY MR. WRAOGB. The popularity of 4he lectures delivered by Sir. Clement Wr.iu'S", F.Ii.G.S., was furrier evidenced last evening when ihe Town Hall was filled to its utmost seating capacity with people who went to lietr his loetin-j on ""The Iton-ance of the Atmosphere." Mr. Wrag'e dealt with lus subject. In a wonderfully entertaining stvle, and as the more technical parts of' his lecture were Interlarded witn wittv anecdotes, and explanations, tlu evening nassed oft most pleasantly. Mr. Wra'gge prefaced hia lecture by lirst explaining the wonders of meteorology and astronomy, and ill so doing lie Illustrated bis rcmirkJ by pictures project.-il from a lantern, aiid beering a precis of the subject under discussion?. Meteorology, said Mr. 'W'raEie, was of Immense value In nseerto iniiig wliar kind iof weatner would obtain, and what seasons might lie expected for nontlis and months abend. Tiie study of astronomy was nlso necessary, I'or 1 great many cases ether disturbances were caused-by the vast liydro- •n flames given efr by tht sun, and ihese disturbances and solar changes often went hand in hand. The lecturer stated that by carefully observing ibi* sun changes he bail been nbla accurately forecast weather changes. with regard to tiie astronomical features of the moon, a great mauy people had from time to time asked whether these flashes affected the weather. lie had never gone into this matter very deeply, but be bad the evidence of Mr. Ellis, of llie Greenwich Observatory, who after S years' study bad become convinced that they did not, except in low latitudes licar the equator. Dealing with the wider question of weather forecasting. Mr. Vrapge said that ballcon, kite, anfl mountain observedons were of frequent licln In solving tlie problems of the air. Even ns a sailer used bis sounding lead in the depths of the oceant so did the meteorologist have to ' sound the heavens,, as. It wer«, by his instruments. These balloons were Sited with beautifully built self-recording Instruments. Meteorology, however, demanded consistency of record, and the vagaries of floating bodies such balloons and kites must sometimes upset, calculations,' the best way to find out what was going on in the atmosphere was by means of instruments placed /on mountain tops. The Instruments working simultaneously with Instruments pluced at. sea level, could portnit an average of the atmospheric conditions to be obtained. While speaiir.g on this point, Mr. . "tVragge dilated on "the good-qualities of Mount Hen Nevis, Scotland, for tb!s class of work, and also referred to the observation stations established by him EOlr.e years ago on Mount Wellington and Mocnt Eoscinsko (New- South AVales). It-was-a popular mlscouctp- tloh to call a meteorologist "a weather prophet, and also to imagine bim to a man who relied entirely on the weather glass. In ibis instance be gave a decidedly interesting sketch of some of his own experiences deoling principally -with his work as Government Meteoi-olcgist In Queensland. He also detailed his work In connection with the Meteorological department of Queensland, and sfr.tcd that as be bad carried out ills \wk tljere, so was it carried out all ever the world. The remainder of the lecturc was profusely illustrated by means of lantern slides, explanatory of tho pnlbs of cycki-ic and anti-cyclonic systems. At tlie concl ii-ion of the lecture, Mr. Wragge exhibited specimens cf radium, and explained (lie clgin, uses and possibilities of this wonderful Mibstance. He nlso demonstrated the wonderful activity of the Alpha. Beta and Gamma r&ys. 