 "A VOYAGE THROUGH THE UNIVERSE" . .. MR. CLEMENT WRAGGE, LECTURER, "Evolution, the primordial law of the uni-' verse, requires it," exclaimed Mr. Wraggo be- foro a packed audience at the Y.M.C.A.-hall last night, when he commenced his series of scientific entertainments, "and the time is com- ing when men will be forced to drop thoughtless pleasures and to search diligently for know ledge of the great cosmos ut which they are part and parcel." The much-travelled scientist reappears llttlo altered in figure or manner from the time when he preslde'd over the destinies ot the Infant weather department in Queensland, slightly more obsessed with his studies, if anything; equally daring in his theories and retaining in pristine freshness the quaint literary methods which used to make those memorable "General -Observations ou the "Weather" the admiration of tho mariner and tho despair of the student. Intensely interesting his lecture upon the in finities of the universe was, and the sandwiched sermons were not less devout in spirit, because the astronomer phrased them in the language 'of his cult. "O God of tbo universe, bring thy so.rvant, this radio-active, spark from Thee, more Into harmony," etc. The voyage through the universe covered really- only a 'few hundreds million miles, in a couple of hours, but even in that short run Mr. Wraggo left his passengers breathlessly agape. He steered first of all for some of tho northern -constellations, looked In. at tho Pleiades, and examined the constitution of some of the great nebulosities; then hurried along to CygnU (the "Flying -Swan"), exhibiting some late photo graphs taken, by the Heidelberg Observatory. Contemplating the immense vista of suns -and worlds revealed by these plates Mr. Wragge' exclaimed ecstatically "Measure not In words, the immeasurable. Ho spoke the word, and it was done." Orion was the next astral port of . call, and the audience were shown some fine telescopic photographs by the" Yerkes Observatory or tbe magnltleont nebulae in this group. The Milky Way; with Its Inconceivable aggregation of sons and sys tems, nearly. took the lecturer's breath. away In his endeavors to convey a fleeting: idea of what, failing a better term. Is called infinity. When the : voyagers ..-reached our Sun, Mr. Wraggo spoke . in more specific language, and was evidently on somewhat familiar terms with that luminary, which, rather Inconsistently with the credit ho attached to it as the lifo-gtving power of this rforld, ho disrespectfully' de- scrlbcd as a. "second-class variable star." Sun spots have, throughout: Mr. Wragge's profes sional career, been recognised as perhaps his main scientific hobby. Ho holds that earth quakes, eruptions, droughts, cyclones, and prac tically' every old trouble that jiumanlty suffers from the elements, is traceable to sun' spots, and ho quotes aB unimpeachable evidence' of the correctness, of hlB thesis that prior, to all the notable - disasters wltlilp his lator lifetime, - he has personally observed big blemishes on 'tho face of tho sun, with corresponding confla grations of hydrogen, hundreds of thousands of miles in height. These tnoorles, however, ho hastened to explain, were not generally sharml by othor- scientists. Spectrum analyses ot tho sun's rays afforded the lecturer opportunltv for a diverting digression, during which, in fllus- tration of tho truth that color, like sound. Is merely an effect-ot-vibraUon, Mr. Wragge sang as a solo — with more attention to science. It must bo admitted, than 'to art — an octave be ginning "Red Is bass," and- ending In a queer falsetto, "Ultra violet Is treble." Some excellent pictures of sun eclipses fol lowed, the mysterious coronal observed by scientific expeditions from 1850 onwardB. Tho socond halt of the lecture was devoted to the moon, In connection with which Mr.. Wraggo exhibited an exceptionally good series of re cent telescopic pictures from the Lick, Parts, and Torkes Observatories, and explained very interestingly the progress of detailed observa tion of the moon's snrfacc. 1 - The lecture concluded with a peroration, re ligious, rhapsodical, and scientific, entitled "The legend- of tho man who Implored God to lot him see tho Universe." Mr. Wragge will Icctgrip (p-clght. oa "The Majesty-.of- (SmttTO,?,' " T 