 A Line of Soothsayers. Very probablv the modern meteorologists would not feel* flattered if told that they were the lineal descendants—professionally, of course—of the astrologers and soothsayers and augurs of olden times. Hut they are, all the same. The old Roman augurs and the Egyptian astrologers and the horoscope-casters of latei days were all the pioneers of modern meteorologists. With them must be bracketted those dear old people who used to make weather predictions upon the strength of a pain in a gouty toe or "a touch of the rlieumatiz." The flitst class used the properties of the meteorologist to impose on credulous folk. The others used commonplace means to reach the same conclusions whieh the meteorologists arrive at after much painful study of quasi-scientific data. It would probably be too caustic to suggest that there is not such a wonderful-gain in accuracy, though the "rheumatiz" has been displaced by the aneroid and the aching corn by the anticyclone. They all belong to the same family. The astrologers studied the stars and the alleged effect of them on the lives of human beings. They cast individual horoscopes. The meteorologist studies the heavens also, and gives a daily horoscope to whole communities. The astrologer was a retail merchant, and the meteorologist is in a wholesale way of business. That is the chief difference. Perhaps the meteorologist is more often right in his predictions. Perhaps he is, but few people would like to affirm such a thing. The meteorologist is often verv wrong, unless, like the astrologer and the oracle of all times, he phases his prophecies in such -ambiguities as will cover anything that may happen. A Modern Example. Take our Commonwealth Meteorologist, for example. lie presides over the weather destinies of a whole, continent—of almost half a hemisphere. It does not worry him much. He gets off two prophecies every day of his life. A midday one and a night one. It would be hard to "sav what his percentage of correct predictions is"; but this is certain, that it would be a high one. If the figuras were published, it would be found that Mr. Henry Ambrose Hunt was right eight times out of ten. But, then, that does not mean very much. The ordinary citizen, who does not know an anemometer from an isobar, is able on 300 days out of the year to sav with the greatest accuracy what the weather will be like. It is on the other sixtyfive days, when he cannot tell, that he wants a meteorologist to prophesy for him, and the curious feature of the business is that it is on these sixty-five davs that the professional prophet finds his skill rii sort him- The same natural paradoxes that disturb the judgment of the ignorant man in the street also upset the calculations of the trained observer in the Meteorological Bureau. He prophesies fine weather, and it rains all day. He puts all liis monev on rain, and the day is a glorious one. He heralds a south breeze, and a howling northerly blisters the paint off the houses. Poor meteorologist, he is execrated, and pitied, and despised all because he cannot achieve the impossible. He is looked upon in the same light as a health expert or an agricultural expert. "What's the good , of having a meteorologist if he can't tell us what sort of weather we are going to have ?" ctfc? the man in the street. "But I told it to you on 300 days in the veaT cries the meteor-etc. "Yes, but we knew it ourselves then shouts hack the M.T.T.S. And the professional guesser goes hack to his chart with a heart full of anger against the unreasonableness of the public. Blessed Are Hie Meek. Mr. Henrv Ambrose Hvnt is a pleasant, meek, welt-fed gentleman, who seems quite out of place in control of such an untamable gang as the Australian weather' elements. It is impossible to imagine an Antarctic disturbance sheering off from the coast of the Commonwealth out of fear of Mr. Hunt. On the other hand, he is just the sort of man that a malicious anti-cyclone would love to aggravate and annoy. He should be beetle-browed, and fierceeyed, and stern-jawed, full of strange words and fierce epithets. How the storms and blizzards shook in their shoes when Clement Wragge was in the height of his glory. What names he labelled them with. How he made them the laughing-stock of the aerial world. They fled in terror from him. Mr. Hunt is too mild, too meek. He is no disciplinarian, and the winds refuse to obey him. He has never called a disturbance a naslv name yet. The most he allows himself is to tab them as "lows." Of course they are low, and low fellows require stern treatment and rare force of metaphor and language. What does a ripping, tearing, icy blizzard from the South Pole care for the neat, wavy lines and the careful, precise language which Mr. Hunt uses to describe it ? It laughs in his face, and camps on his doorstep for weeks out of sheer impertinence. They snap their fmeers at him, whirl liis wind-gauges round at fearful rates, plav tricks with his barometers and thermometers', and laugh up their sleeves all the time. Poor Mr. Hunt. He cannot control them, and so the public begin to regard him as a meteorological failure. An Empirical Art. The truth is that Mr. Henry Ambrose Hunt is an earnest student of meteorology. But he knows very little about it. That is* no reflection upon Mr. Hunt. He knows most things there are to know, hut these things are so few and so imperfect. The finest meteorologist in the world is the gentleman who is at present at the South Pole with Capt, Scott. He knows more than Mr. Hunt, but he knows very little. He has gone to the South Pole to try and learn a few more things, and lie. has gone to one of the storehouses of meteorological knowledge—the Jiaunt of the Antarctic disturbance. He will see the family at home, and get to know them by their pet names. In these days of advanced scientific knowledge, when nearly everything can lie reduced to a formula of sonic sort, people are apt to forget that meteorology is the infant sister of the sciences. It is true that it dates back to the beginning of things. It is true that the ancients sought to predict the weather just as we do, but it is also true that we know very little more about the business than the ancients. Most of the things we know arc that the ancients were all wrong in their premises and methods. We have not vet discovered the correct ones. The Australian aborigine prophesied floods, and droughts, and rains, and storms by observing the behaviour of insects and animals, which acted on instinct. We have driven out the insects and animals, or perverted their tastes, and left ourselves with no guide but Mr. Hunt and his assistants, and they do not know. Meteorology is a science—if it can be called a science at all—of mavhes and perhapses. It is all probability and doubt, with the law of averages twisted out of all shape. A Meteorologist's Work. Anyone can be a meteorologist and make weather predictions. The Australian method is chiefly a comparison of barometric pressures added to a lot of hopeful guesswork. But the modern meteorologist is doing far more useful work 1han prophesying about the weather. It seems to Matilda that the only thing of importance to-day is that she should know accurately what the weather is going to be like, so that she can wear a suitable dress. There is no doubt that the Meteorological Bureau is not much use for that. Where it is of use, though, is in the collection and compilation of records. Perhaps in fifty years or one hundred years, when all the records which have been so patiently collected, rain, pressure, temperature, wind velocity and the rest, are dealt with in the light of the knowledge of that dav it may be as easy to determine the weather of any par- ticular day in the future as it is to discover the exact' time at which the sun or moon'will rise. But that day is a long way off. It is the millennium of meteorology. To-day the meteorologist is - trained to observe and record. That is his real work. His weather predictions are a disappointing digression from the day's work. The only help they are to the progress of the "science" lies in the manner in which they have been falsified—the conditions which upset the conclusions come to. At Work in Sydney. It is hard to say why Mr. H. A. Hunt became a meteorologist. He is an Englishman, born in London forty-five years ago. He was educated in England, and came to Australia when he was eighteen years of age. He entered the Sydney Observatory, intending to become an astronomer, and gaze at the stars in theit courses. But Fate made a weather expert of him. The weather side of the Observatory work in the days when the States did it-was always despised "and rejected hv the Government astronomers. Tliev did not like being regarded as tipsters, though Mr. Clement Wragge got much fun and no little glory out of it. Mr. Hunt was given the meteorological work of Sydney, and it was interesting work. Sydney weather usually works up or down the coast or comes from inland. There was always plenty of warning of the approach of trouble, and Mr. Hunt earned quite a reputation as a weather expert by hanging signals from the Sydney Post Office clock to indicate the weather which would arrive in the next few hours. He became^ the great meteorological authority of New South Wales, and the charts and weather notes he inaugurated there were the envy of other States. In 3 00C he was made Commonwealth Meteorologist, and came to Melbourne, the grave of weather experts' reputations. He has been here five years learning all the time how nuicli there is to learn about Australian weather. A Fantastic Science. In appearance Mr. Hunt suggests the musician or the poet rather than the weather prophet. He has a mane of black hair and a mammoth black moustache. He could make a fortune as one of those musicians whose hair is their chief accomplishment. He is also something of a mechanical genius, and has invented quite a number of queer instruments which are designed to operate on the weather in some way or other. He is proud of his work, and deeply interested in it. But he lacks the accurate cocksureness of the scientist who knows that his .science is a thing of certainty. "Whatever is, is" is the infallible rule of the real scientist. "What seems to be. may be" is the meteorological rule, and Mr. Hunt lives up to it. His opinions are all hesitant, uncertain. They have to be. They may all require to be altered in an hour or two. There is no known rule of meteorology which is constant. All are liable to variation, to contradiction. It is a science of paradoxes and absurdities. Tt is the, only quack science which is solemnly accepted in the world to-day. Mr. Hunt is continually setting out to prove theories of the greatest importance. After months of work, he finds that he has failed, and has to go hack to the beginning again without any certainty whether he -was right or wrong. He is the head of the most fantastic department in the Commonwealth There is useful work for it to do. but of Hint the public so* and understand nothing. All that presents itself to them is .the daily guesswork, the least important phase of the work. The newly fus,"d Liberal organisations have e^lqhlishod nn official Liberal organ. The same fiing was done before the last elections, and •lone so badly lhaf. the cause suffered by the whole hog in which its political director misren resented its opponents. The new journal seems to be based on better lines, hut there are pome Splendid Deakinisms in it, notably "The Past is behind us. the Future is before us." The editor cvitlcni.lv knows what's what. 