 SETTLED CONDITIONS COMING. THOUGH "LEVY" MEANS TO PLAY UP. mr. wragge's special forecast. In his exclusive forecast to "Tho Sun" to day Mr. Cluinent Wruggo, tho distinguished meteorologist, predicts moro sottled condl- . lions, although tlio disturbance "Levy" means. to play up." Mr. Wroggo writes:— Tho monsoonal conditions notified In our previous advices culminated In yesterday's storm, nnd tho following conditions will now eventuate:— Heavy blows over tho Tuoman Sou, and even to tho south-cast pom the Chutham Islands, under tho rear half of the disturbance "WUUs." Strong southcrllvs and rain squalls over tho south- cost corner of tho continent, and in ptuccs ulong tho coast south from Ncwcastlo. but a wavo of finer weather and more settled conditions Is rapidly approuching from tho' west under a bijj anti-cyclone, tho centre of which Is now near Fort Augusta, In South Australia. South-west from Capo Lcouwln Is disturbance "Levy," and Indi cations so far show that ho means to play tip over tho Southern Ocean within a week Pm date. Generally, however (save for thunderstorms In Queensland and nasty squalls off Tasmania, tho Lccuwin, and Gabo). the weather over Australia as a fow dvys mostly ,lne during tho next Some generous friends for whom wo havo a profound respect Intlmato that an academic "Jealousy" of our resumed work exists In certain quarters. Surely this can. not be so. Jeitlouuy to true mon of science is an unknown factor, or should be. But if so— and what a lot depends upon an "If— well, wo arc British to the coro, and havo made, nnd mean to maintain, our own i>osl- S.Cli!H!C,ill,j; whUo wc «>nUnuo to n Public forecasts for this paper. Wo "hall stick to the bone that is ours by richt. opposition or no opposition. Wo havo given "Jraiouay" that wo know of" 2SS iy»MVOr lr,h'd to lrt'at our meteorolo gical confreres with ovcry oourtesy. Thus wo shall go on, while tho editor pleases.' running a race that is fair nnd square ac-' S.'Sl V" i,rUl8" tenets and rutea of fnlrplny. Our brnlns belong to us, tuid 'S11 lhCtil , "Ncm impuno laccsslt. Wo shall plougli our way iiko for 255 » i,??li0nB1of w? c o n t i n u otowri to £5 lire !, : u ol,lcr crftft show tho rtd or we shall met end on— "Green to green and red to red. Perfect safety, go ahead," ullu llll ff y»tji, ?ir'" —CLEMENT WRAOftv tsepicnibcr 16, 10 a.m. % PPu,nr lady who used to bo Miss Tnnny Dango, who married In Novcm- bor last Mr. Sam Mackay, the wealthy West Australian squatter nnd owner of several well-known mcehorses. was called upon last Tuesday b>;tho stork, who left a son ind heir upon the premises. Congratulation, are reoch- Ing Mr. and Mrs. Mnckay from hosts af friends throughout Australia. 