 MUSIC OF THE ISOBARS. MR. WRAGGE ON CLIMATOLOGY. ATMOSPHERIC CHANGES AND NEURALGIA. Under ordinary circumstances a lecture on meteorology is likely to be regarded by the majority of people, if not as an absolute drought, at least as a pretty dry spell. Mr. Clement L. Wragge tackled the subject at the Y.M.C.A. Hall last night, and he handled It so skilfully that he kept a large audlence Interested right through the evening. It was an intensely scientific discourse, but Mr. Wragge managed to lighten the heavy bur den of strange-sounding, many-syilabled words by judiciously interlarding his re marks with breezy anecdote and humorous comment. It was a highly instructive lecture, and those who listened intently enough will no doubt, after a little practice, be able to decide with unerring certainty just when to take an umbrella out and when to leave it at home. The art of weather forecasting, both short and long range, was the theme to which the lecturer devoted most attention. By means of lantern diagrams he made it quite easy for his audience to understand the difference between the peculiar antics of a cyclonic disturbance and of an antl-cyclonlc storm. By collecting an immence number of barometric reading from far and near, Mr. Wragge explained it was quite easy for him to tell when a squall was coming, or when there was likely to be a bit of a breeze. That may be the scientific way of doing it. The old way was to look out for a man going home with a lobster. That was a sure sign that he, at least, expected a squall. "Scientifically speaking," said the lecturer, "all human nature responds to atmospheric changes. The twangs of neuralgia arc due to the contours of the Isobars." That statement will bring comfort to many a suffering mortal, and is more poetic and less expensive than the dentist's frequent defini tion, that neuralgia Is due to decayed molars. Mr. Wragge told his audience all about the Isobars, and It is only fair to state that their resemblance to molars ceases at the written word. "Meteorology," said Mr, Wragge, "Is of more practical Importance to the people than astronomy. It Is all very well to know that a new star has been born in a certain con stellation, but to know what kind of weather you are going to have to-morrow or next week is better." Several instances were given of the prac- tical use to which a proper knowledge of climatology might be put. The man who had a piece of ground that cried aloud in Its barrenness could, by the study and ap plication of climatologlcal methods, make his land teem with abundance. A picture of two scared-looking, bushy-whlskered men with spades, who looked like pirates burying treasure, was flashed on the screen to illus trate the lecturer's meaning, "I made a howling wilderness smile like Eden," he said. An entertaining part of the lecture was Mr. Wragge's description of his own efforts to establish high and low level meteoro- logical stations. His first experiment was tried at Ben Nevls, in Scotland. Scorning to take the beaten track, Mr. Wragge scrambled up the rugged sides of the mountain— It Is over 4000ft. high— till he gained the summit, and there in the keen blast, with hail some times pelting In his face, he took his baro metric readings, and blew on his fingers to keep them warm. And he did this before breakfast every morning. Some good Scotchmen, he said, at length heard of his work of research, and gave him enough money to enable him to build a "humpy" on the top of Ben Nevls. Mr. Wragge was very happy then, because prior to that he "was often wet through from stem to stern." That was the time, he said, when "Long John"' (whisky neat) went down well. And away up in that bleak spot, amidst the snow and the driving sleet, he one morning discovered, seated in the shelter of his "observatory," a Highland shepherd wooing his lassie with all the ardor of a lowland lover in a hawthorn-scented lane. It is to be feared that, judglng by the burst of applause and laughter which followed this little touch of nature, the audience understood it much better than they did the sclentlfic part of the lecture. Mr. Wragge described his efforts to main tain a meteorological station on top of Mount Kosciusko, and referred with fervent "God bless 'ems" to Mr. Barr Smith and Sir George Reid, who had given him monetary assistance to pursue his work. 