 "Examiner" Corr eponmdente.-On refer cnda day (Wednesday) our country cor respondents will not be required to wire the results of the vote. They can obtain details and forward them by post. Theosophical-Inst night at the lodge. rooms Mr. IV. IL Dawson, of IHobart, gave to a woe-attended meeting a lecture en titled "The Sceond Coming." The lectu rer reviewed briefly the previous mani festutions of the divine that were kanown to history. Band in the Parki.-l n the City Park last evening music-lovers were given a musical treat in the form of a concert by the Railway Band. The weather was rather chilly, baut nevertheless there was a good attendance. The band rendered u programme of high-class Items, which was most enjoyable. Police Court-Unimportant businessen.. gaged theo attention of Mr E. L. Hall, P.M., at the Police Court on Saturday morn. ing. Henry Ambler was fined 5s for the use of obscene language; and in the case of George Smith, charged with ex coeding the legal limit in driving over, a crossing, a caution wase administered. English Mails.-4-{lTe Orient Company's R.M.S..Osterley, with British files and let temrs to date March 25, arrived alt Adelaide at 8.30 a.m. on Sa6tairday. Thb mails for the eastern states were -rforwarded by' express tramin, and the Tasmanian portion may be expected to arrive here to-morrow by the Loongana. An"Obstiento Prisoner.-The police were confronted with a dificulty last evening in'regard to a man who was apprehended while on the premises of the T.R.C. Hotel. Enquiries as to his name and I is business in the hotel were of no avail. The stranger remained as dumb as an oyster. There was nothing for it, there fore, nut to place him in safe keeping until such time us he divulged the infor mation require. At the police station the manrt was charged with being on the premises of the T.R.C. Hotel for an un lawful purpose, and was then put away ill one of the cells for safe keeping. Visit of the Sheffield Choic.-All those interested in the great Sheffield Choir are invited to meet at the Town Hall at 7.30 p.?. to-day in order to urge upon Mr. lingo Gorlhtz the importance of in cluding 1aunccston in the scheme. Mr. Gorlite, who represents Dr. Charles lar riss, the director of the world's tour of this great organisation, will deliver a brief leture on the importance of this visit as regards the influence the choir's visit will have on music, trade, and im migration. As MrI. Gorlitz will have to cable Dr. IInrriss in Chicago, it is de sirable that a large number of ladies and gentlemen, nmgical and otherwise, should be -present at this meeting. Masonic.-The annual insLtllation.of af fices. in connection with Lodge Meander took place at Deloraine on Friday even. ing last. The ceremony was performed f by 3LW. Bra. R. J. Sadler, P.G.M., aeisat ed by. oflcers of the Grand Lodge. After the ceremony the usual social gathering ,took place, at which the customary Mas sonic toasts were honoured. 'lThe follow. ing oflkers were instlled:--W.M., Bro. P. J. Fleming; .P.M., Wor. Bro. L. CG. L Elliott; S.W., Bro. W. C. Atldins; JAV., Biro. 'V. Riley; Director of Ceremonies, Wor. Bro. -Jas. Seott, P.hL; Treasurer, c Wor. uiroe, I. if. Wragg, P.M.; Secretary, s Wor. l3ro. W. C. Cameron, ?.M.; S.D., Blro. c C. IIL Beresford; J.D., Bro. E. . Murrmy;. t I.G., Bro. E. T. Johnstone; Tyler, irae. A Galloway. Harvestb Festivals-IThe interior of St. Jolm's Church yesterday was be autifnlly n decoroted, the occasion being the aluual 'thanksgiving services in connection with f- the Intrveot festivaL The Rev. G. N. Watson preached in the morning, and con * duscted the service, insisted by the Rev., G. C. Raswlins. In. the evening the rector (Rev. J. S. Bryers) occupied the pulpit. Some very effective choral numbers were .rendered, the organ being supplemented by the addition of a-orchestra. The col loctions i a sid of the general church fund :C amounted to £35 18s. At St. Paula o Church the services in the morning, after s soon, and evening were conducted by the rector (Rev. J. W. Bethune). The con. gregatione throughout the day wore large, uand the collectdonein oevery , ag'g s .tiz B-alfour -railway.-Our Stanley cores--, -rondfent wired yesterday:-The Go-4' vernm r and Acting -Eremier luar ' acoolrced a invitation to be perýoent ats the opening cernmony of the Balfour? Rlaviway 'on May d. HIis E~ifllency, who tjll turn the girubsod, will motor from linrrie, arriving here a 1o.30, u ana l will r1eemin for the night, retuning to ýto Burnic mnet morning. Arrangements tree are -being maa.de for a big public demon- ?er sitrotion and proe?ssion of school chil dren. Several Farliaaunoetary represen tativ-es have alrceady accopted invitations,. .an and e nl infeenltial -party is expect-Led re- to presenting the Mount Balfour Copper?- pr Mines Company, Melbourne. Racecourse Accidents.--A -couple,-of -?ae cident., neetssita?ting surgical attention,? I occurred at M3owbray on Saturday dnl,-o ing the progress of the T.T.C. Easter .neecting. Duggan, who a few days ple "viously suffered from slight concussuion, 1 through a fall at Deloreine, came into. contact with some barbed wire owing to0 O Lis amount, Teddy Father, becoming un. manageable in the Maiden IHurdle Race, and received a had scratching about thi -face. A boy named Bruce, uttached to: D. Virtue's stable, met with painful in juries in the Autuumn IHadicep. War .song was restive at the barrier, anr kicked Bruce on the leg; but, ap:trt from se, feeling a numbness, the lad felt right, and participated in the race. it was not, Showever, until rhe comenceld to ride his :mount in the finish that he met trouble on account of putting his weight on the, injured limb, and a full resulted. It was found on examination that lshd bone of the by leg had been broken, and the theory was aO advanced by the surgeon that apparently be the bhone, although broken, had not parted vc until the boy bad put his weight upon it of ,There were a couple of other-falls,,but no Ci injury was ststnincd. Iomsneopatlhic Hospital. - The usual nmonthly meeting of the board: of mSnage-nC meat of the Homeopaihic flospital was held on Friday evening. Present-Mr.s Henry 12itchie (in -the lhair), Mrs. John s Guna, Dr. B. Douglas Slmib, M?asr. P P t t Oakley. Fysh, J. 1I. Taylor, O '. MWigaen, and F. Styant Browne. Apologies were. received from Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Bell, Mrs. 8tyant Browne, and Mr. W. Mosey, The matron's report showed that 12 pa tients had been admitted, 20 discharged, and 7 remained- is the hospital. Donations and fees 'to the e?mount of £.71 1s Gd hadt been received, and.aecounats amounting to o £64 Bs 5d were passed for payment. Tnhe following donations are thankfully ac lcnowledged:--Mr. ?. It. -orn, £1; Mr. J. T. Wing (Preaton), 10s; case-of apples, D Miss Barrett (IKunoola) and Mr. Bonner (SIottsdale) ;case of quinees,iter. Ricaln d C Smith.; fish and r?bits, Mr. Milbourn.e (Kirnerloy); pickles, Mrs. Murray; vege- tables, .r. Pearton, iMrs. Lee; old linen, i irs. Day; caskes, "Old lPatient,' "S.GP '; 'tomatoes, Mrs. Wigan; flowers, hliss l?amb; vegetables, "A Friend?'; jna', "Old , IPatient"; preserves, "'rienad'; eggs, "Old i Patient"; flowers, "Friend"; "Examiner' "Telegraph," "Mercury," "Oourier," "WVar Cry;' "W\Vtchmnan," "Monitor;' the pro- I S-prietors; "Rlustrated London News,;' and -magazinca, Mr. H. Ritehie. The Week's Weather.---The synopsis oa t Sthe weather for the week ending Saturday indicates that anti-cyclonic weather pre. 1 -'ailed during the early part of the week, with clear skies and heavy dew at many stations, nbu .on Monoday a slight depres sion appeared with warmer temperatures I in the south, and very light to moderate rain fell generally, Zeehan receiving the maximu?m-52 points. This "low" passed away rapidly w-itlh west to son.th-west t winds, and another "high" advanced,. The barometer did not rise so leigh this time, and fell again on Friday, as another de e prestion appeared with northerly winds. This caused moderate rain in the west, and heavier in the north, but only a very few Spoints in the south, east, and midlands, though cloudy skies and cooler tempera tures prevailed. The maxhnum fall was 68 points at iDevonport. The temperature SwIas cool and pleasant, the maximum atr a Ilobarat varyihg from 07 degrees on the Y 17th to 67 degreeo on the 18th, with a minimum of 45 degrees on the 11th and 20th; and at Launceston, from 60 degrees don Ithe 11th to 62 degrees on the 21st, wvitlb a miinmum of 36 degrees on the 19th. The rainfall for the week -was as follows: Nontdhern--Stanley, 13; Irish Town, 22; I Burnie, 71; Devonport, 68; Launcestcon, 74; Beaconsfield, 45; Low Head, 29; Scottsdale, 73; Sheffield, 7. West Coast- ' Waratab, 84; Zeohan, 156; Cape Sorell, a 149. Derwent--Hnamnilton, 1, East Coast S-liBoobyalla, 1; dldystone, 22; Ringa. a ooma, 77;- Gould's Country, 18; St. Helen's, 13; Mathimnna, 26; St . Mary's, 20; ,' Swansea, - . AMidlands - Oatlands, 17. t. South-East-iElobart, 5; Springs, 25;. loke. ,e by, 4; Ilyihe, 8; South Brudty, 23; Port yr Cygnat, 12.points. y Loyal Orange lestitt?iocn.--The 20th an. in uIral meeting of thle Loyal Orange Institu te tion of Tasmania was held in the lodge room, Town Hfall, Devonport. R.W.G. Mas. te Cte rro. G. It. Simmons, presided, the offi cers pIesent being Bros. W. Hallam, D.G. d Mbaster J.B. Burge, LP.G. Master J. Piper, C. G. Chaplain; R. Scott, G. Secretary; A. 4 Cartledge, G. Treasurer; F. Davis, G.E. iL. Committee; and other Grand Lodge or. r flcers and a large number of delegates . of the subordinate lodges from all parts ,, of the state. At 0.15 the lodge was . called to order and opened withl prayer an by the G. Chaplain, irr accordance with the he rules of the instutution. -The Grand Mai. St-er's address was , powerful utterance, gand was listened to with the deepest 't tentidoi and frequent applause. It con cludedd withl' an earnest appeal for 50 unity, co-oporation, and enthusiasm. iZ The Grand Secretary was received with at cordiality on rising to present his interim on report, w~hic proved very, satisfactory., n- The Grand 'Teasurer submnitted Ihis report Ir. and balance-sheet, which showed Gist the r- institution was in a moat satisfautory p o of sithon. The Grand Lodge adjourned at . 12.30 for lunclheo at the Peoplle's Palace, us resuning basinens at 2 p.e., -lhen "i great r'5 amount of importat matter wa-s hundleeL m- The proceedings, which were of a most to oncouraging character throughout, were le- closed with the usual formalities. Sle tohe evening a banquet ewas given by d the brothlers of the Loyac Devon Lodge, who de.-erve great credi~t for the manmer 4- in wlhich it uwaM carried out. Many loyal er toensts and songs were rendered by the . brotlhers, sisters, and friends, and a very Spleasant meeting was terminated withbl-t?e ,t National. Anthem. ng ThatW:. edding or .Birthdny: Gilft--nc.ol tL- e most importanrrt fe-atures of our stere " is the supcrb' display of silverware and ro. jewellery. W9 have on hand the largest G. and most varied assortment imaglnable; V., and compared piece by piece, set by set, eos, or beauty of design and quality, a.lto or, gother In unequlcled in Tasmania Call ry, an ingleet a perfect assortment at mode ,o rate rices.--Fi . and W. Stewart, 119 y Chaeles-strect, Latmeeston. 'Phone, 52?.* A Fishing nadf.er garden hose, hose f?or water or steai, engine packings, etc. India Rt.uliber Co., CGorge-street, Land St ceston.* y Trinity T-ong Meatn's Club.--Theis Evon uel ing theo anmual meeting of Trellty Y.TL ith Club wil. be held in'the club-room, Trinity N. Iall, Carmeron-stree, at 8 o'clocl. Fel on- lowing the meeting a Welome banquet v. will be given -to tho club prosident (Rev. o .I , . Barraey), on ens return fromn hils trip st. Soeieoty of St. Vincent do Pa.ut--f¶te ?re '?rc aident aeknowledges swlth ?tanlks the-xe td capt of 10s 6td froam Mr. li. GriflfiL cr col- ·the Very Reva. Dr. O'M1IFhony. nd ate lia Or.atti.-fIntcnding ex?hibeitoem.t u1 ltOhe forthoming -Ats nad Cxtal.t Exrlbi ter- tion are renmindleld dit oetrietraree duoto-t the oday. ge, ?uather successful flights tbt heens i,?n- -sno by d. .aa..... .......agro.. -3------- 