 GENERAL NEWS. ' The failure of the Willuxiga Railway poll is causing many who advocated guarantee railways to put on their considering because "some say this and some say It 3s not unlikeJy that -during the next J session of Parliament the question may be -' debated again, and - the personnel of the previous division list may be chafiged. While there are no fresh developments in connection with the Willunga denouement, it appears to be generally understood that there is no disposition on the part of either party to hold- a Second poll. If such an appeal is required,' however, the Govern ment will facilitate taking the vote to se cure a satisfactory expression of opinion. A statement is being circulated that an effort will be made to amend the Act, which requires a two-thirds majority, in one of two directions—the reduction of that , majority, or some provision which shall en sure a clearer vote on the proposal. The Attorney-General (Hon. W. J. Denny) pointed out on Monday that the question of the continuance or abolition of the gua rantee system was complicated by the fact that the Angaston and other lines had been constructed under it, and that the liability of the ratepayers in the various districts had been fixed. _ Therefore, if the Wil lunga line was built without the principle attached to it, Parliament would nave to deride, in fairness to existing districts, whe. ther the guarantee should be continued. The follewisg-4s 'fee JetateSmrifc ^ the Jb^dtJbrayi agedlfijgeare^. who spswitb •kham Mr. H. Peckham ('tte tosrl') Vhen he drowned ^pentiy "in (he _ Viotori§ River, "Sunday hay- boss iana tab chme to the nver touct was la, flood, jive camped «li day, and next morning-we upntkl sfartM^rog ja^Sfee ' "when' toy: htorsft tilfeW mefihtfcam out tojtbe b»nK, and onlobking around. jaw my boss.trying to. drive, two noises pack which were making, down. 'Stream. When mybc&s gotta middle of stream tus horse drowned, ^and he- was floating'bn the water. Hecailed'oat to me "Sjive the packs,. no matter about me, 1 may catch A tree ftjihl$r *.$dln4'% Utig; it if I do got drowned.. Safe ,'the .pack's,'; X jumped into.-the river, got two horses, other *wo weat hack to sarfie side we started- from. X unpacked those which I got out,' then strain the river and unpacked the other two;, then made- search for my boss until - evening, but t'oiild not find him, I hobbled the two horses, then swam the river and hobbled the others. After doing this swam the river , again, then' went tip to station and told Mr. Tewnshend about my boss. Next morning he and several boys came to river, and we looked for my boss, but could ndf-find him." I bib light mails on them "with ndhkhorses." " And yet sotte worthless whites say there is Uo good in the blacks, - la order to obtain accurate firsthand in ! formation concerning the important ques ; tion of the cost.pf living in Australia, the [ Commonwealth Statistician (Mr. 6. EL ! Knibbs), about the middle of May, 1919, | sent out books of account to persons i throughout the Commonwealth, who i volunteered to keep a weekly statement of their income and expenditure during the 12 months from June, 1910, to June, 1911. About 1,500 of' the books, which contained provision for 52 weekly statements, wore distributed. The time is now approaching when the books should be complete, aba Mr. Knibbs hopes to receive a large num ber of carefully compiled statements soon after the close of next month. The value of ,any deductions to be drawn from a compilation of the results will of course depend on the care with which „ house holders have written up their weekly bud gets. It is boped, therefore, that' all thbse who have offered to keep the returns will send their books to the Statistician In as complete and intelligible a form as possible immediately after the last weekly state ment, has been inserted, about the be ginning of July next. The artistic victory which the flower gar dens have won over the severely utilitarian appearance of railway et&tions is something all can applaud in .these days when busi ness challenges sentiment at every point. Some of the trim, colour-plashed plots to be seen at various centres show how. hear j tily the movement has been taken up by I officers and men. "They have demonstrated .that a station is not merely a place of call along the thoroughfare for trains—shelter | shed, office, seats, and perhaps a signal box. J The flower garden, besides its decorative appeal, strikes a homely, soothing note. Many travellers have been refreshed by the fleeting glimpse of floral beauties murtured by the devoted care of railway men? and'it is gratifying to know fchht further impetus ! to these most creditable efforts is to be given by the Commissioner (Mr. A. B. ' Moncrieff, C.M.G.).' - He has decided to | award prizes annually for the best-kept gar dens and stations yards, and for this pur pose the railways have been divided into I five districts, as follows, vis.:—District 1.— All suburban stations, ie., Adelaide to Mitcham, Adelaide to Glenelg,. Adelaide to Henley Beach,- Semaphore. Largs, and Ou ter Harbour, Adelaide to Dry Creek. Dis trict ' 2.—Hills Line" Stations—Eden to Strathalbyn and Nairne. District 3.-—Mid land—Salisbury to Morgan and Hallett, ■Stockyard Creek to Moonta, Port Pirie, Boo leroo, Jamestown, Ports , Lincoln, and Broughton. District 4".—-Northern—XJlooloo to Belalie, Cockburn, Port Augusta, Oodna dnttSS District 5.—Southern—Callington to Pinparoo, Kingston and Beachport, Sandergrove to Victor Harbour and Milan®. The prizes for each district will be £5 first, £3 second, and £2 third, and in awarding the prizes the judges will also take into consideration the local 'conditions and the manner in which the station pre mises are lcent clean and tidy. The enthu siasm with which the garden, scheme has been carried out has been promoted largely by the assistance of Dr. Holtze (Director of the Botanic Gardens) and the Conser vator of Forests (Mr. W. Gill). Station masters who desire plants should communi cate at. onee with the General Traffic Man ager, so that these may be ordered and sup plied to the Stations in June. The number and description must he stated definitely in the application. Schools in the hills district were officially visited on Tuesday for the purpose of see ing what was being done and wnat required doing. The Minister of Education (Hon. P. W. Coneybeer), who is now practically in excellent health again, , says he finds his department keen and busy enough to jkeep him at a high pressure of industry. W-hile every" branch of tbe work is growing, new, and bigger phases of policy are opening, up." Education is moving with quick step, and all progressive countries are realizing that progress and enterprise must be in alliance if tne best system is desired. Tbe depart ment is endeavouring to meet that new spiritin as liberal-a manner as possible, but a more generous Act is needed. The Mount Barker High School, which has already proved a popular institution, was' visited on Tuesday" by the Minister, who was ac companied by tbe Director of Education (Mr. A. Williams) and the Director of Ag riculture (Professor Lowrie). Improved facilities are needed at the school, and the Minister was able to note tbem on the spot. Between 50 and 60 girls.and girls are attending, 6ome of them from as far us Murray Bridge. . Mr. Coneybeer was pleased with what he saw, and the progress which is be ing made will be encouraged- in every war. Other schools of the district were visit and Professor Lowrie .was able to inspect some of the experimental plots. His visit will guide him in advice to the teachers. The Director of Agriculture was pleasantly surprised at the advanced stage of. various plots. At Aldgate the visitors saw the remnant of a magnificent show of roses which the head master (Mr. J. Greenlees). who is an enthusiast in the-cultivation of the queen of flowers, had mads in the gar den. The Grunthal School was found in a rather dilapidated condition, and no time will be lost in housing the scholars more efficiently. _ — The steamer Irishman, which arrived"in tbe Semaphore roadstead on Wednesday mornjng, brought from Liverpool a lioness for the Adelaide Zoo. The lioness, which is said to be about two years old. was-born in the Zoological Gardens, Dublin, where several fine specimens of the king of the forest have been produced. Mr.•Muufctn went off to the steamer on Wednesday, and inspected tbe lioness, which is in sound health. €he will be removed-tpthe Zoo to-day, OAO At the! half-yearly meeting of the Execu ""tor, Trustee, and Agency--Company- on Monday the Chairman of Directors (Mr. . W. J. Magarey) remarked that the total of estates niSld-by various similar "com panies throughout "Australia at the end of , 1910 was £44,000,000, which represented a considerable growth on the previous year, .. ..and-.plainly indicated that the public Were -.satisfied with administration by companies. Two doubts which had had an effect on the public mind in the past were whether a. company could'properly administer an'es tate, and Whether such administration. ' .Would not "be more, expensive than private • trusteeship. If their friends Would give them an opportunity to reply to, those doubts there Would be no difficulty in sat isfying them on both questions.; A com pany such as theirs gave its whole time to the work, and the administration went on without difficulty. They did much. that a . private trustee would be justified in paying others to do. The Governor {Sir Day Bosanquet) was the principal speaker at the annual meeting ef the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals on Monday. His Excellency paid tribute to the enthusiastic and noble efforts of those who have endeavoured to improve the lot of dumb animals in South "Australia. He suggested that the keeping of animal pets in schools might tend to in culcate the spirit of kindness in the minds of children. "I know of no men more kind •r humane towards animals than the market Sarde'ners and carters in the district of the fount Lofty Ranees, near my home. These men-are excellent horsemasters, and exercise foresight in studying their -horses, through watching the weather. If . the roads are heavy through wet weather an extra horse is sometimes put. on to draw a load. Good horsemasters never, through a false sense of duty to get work done quickly, cause their horses to carry a load that would impose too severe a strain upon, them. I am sure that cruelty toward horses.is generally caused by want of con sideration and foresight on. the part of drivers." (Hear, hear.) Sir Day referred to the existing danger to animals through the slippery nature of asphalt paring in the city in wet weather. He trusted that the corporation would do something in the matter. (Hear, hear.) The lethal chamber owned by the corporation was a great ac quisition, and at meant humane treatment and a painless end to starving dogs and cats. The treatment given to those animal waifs by the officer in charge was gratefully acknowledged. (Applause.) In connection with the scheme of com pulsory military -training the point where the shoe is going to pinch will be in the officering of the force. For the 224 train ing areas in the Commonwealth it is esti mated that more than 4,000 officers will be required within the next few weeks, and in this State about 300 commissioned offi cers will be needed to meet the require ments of the Senior Cadet establishment. The pay amounts to £7 per annum for a hat i a. ion commander, £5 for a company commander, and £3 for a lieutenant, and judged from the statements of area officers seme difficulty is being experienced in se curing a full complement of officers. It was expected there would have been a more generous response to the call on the part of those officers who wez-e previously con nected with the cadet movement, as with the greatly increased establishment rapid promotion for all experienced officers would have been inevitable. In- the past the cadets have been officered to a great extent by those engaged in teaching at the schools, and what is, deterring many of them from joining the new organization is the fact that they will have to devote four full days, 12 half-days, and. 24 nights to drill during each year. The night parades they do not mind, but they do not feel in •lined to sacrifice their Saturday afternoons and holidays, as they consider they require some intervals of relaxation from the stren uous work of teaching. Area officers in the State recognise ■ the difficulty which ia facing them m this connection, and are using_ every effort to overcome it, but they question whether a full establishment of officers will be secured until next year, when the first draft of Senior Cadets will he passed on to the adult army. No com missionis can be granted under the age of 18 years, hut as approximately 3,000 boys will be advanced in South Australia next year to the fighting strength, 110 difficulty ebould then be experienced in selecting ail the subalterns required from the non-com missioned ranks. Professor John Cox, M.A., LL.D.. who for 19 years was associated -as Professor of Physics and Director of. Physical Labora tory,, with the McGill University, Mont eal, Cai * ... real, Canada, and has been living in retire ment in London for two years, is visiting Western Austi-alia to deliver a sei-ies of lec tures on university work. After his en gagements in the western State have been completed, Professor Cox intends to visit Adelaide, Melbourne, Sydney, and Tas mania, and will return to England by way of America. The wearing of plumage in women's hats finds no favour in the eyes of Mr. E. B. Grundy, K.C. Speaking at the annual meeting of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals on Monday he sounded a not.e of war against the millinery item in question, and that, notwithstand ing the fact that there were members ""of the fair sex present who, judging from ap pearances, were not in accoi-d with the sentiment. "What can be a cure for this evil of greed which so often- causes cruelty to birds?" nst-sd Pip siipalrpr "Tti„ Cnm. to birds?" asked the speaker. "The Com . monwealth and the State Governments are doing their best in the matter, but I have read with regret that Adelaide is not free from the evil. Protected Queensland birds are sent down to Adelaide and shipped from here to Europe. The evil cannot be put down simply by legislation. It can be met in one way alone, and that -is by the women of Australia determining that they will not wear plumage taken from birds. If the demand for plumage ceases, the sup ply will cease. So long as women ask to liave these plumes in their hats, so long will there he found men who through greed will be willing to commit atrocities to sup ply the demand. I appeal to the women to be content with artificial plumage in preference to the real article. I understand that if a trade in artificial feathers were helped it would supply labour for thou sands of men, women, and children. The artificial feathers,. I am told, are not in ferior to the real article, except in price." (Applause.) Mr. Grundy referred with deep regret to the fact that seme well known Australian birds had been almost exterminated through wanton slaughter. There had been wholesale destruction of tlie unique lyre bird, and the demand for egret plumes had also been responsible for atrocious cruelty. It was regi-ettable, too, that the albatross, "the sail ore' friend," 1 and a bird that might be said to be the property of all nations, was being de etroyed in thousands in the North Facifio. ■ The railway earnings for the week end ' -May 27 amounted to £35,426, agaix ! £30,210 fojr tfrg corgysponding period of 1; jrear* . : " ' i - At a m^tinjf lield in thMeAdedaideTb^i S Hall on* Friday evening for the puijwse of ) (Hon. T. Bruce, M.L.C.) said Yorkshire. men had much to be proud of. They, lad . one of the finest, countries in.the,.mother-, land. They, had sent to other parts of the ' : wprldsome of the best of immigrants ;;and?j business men. They .shrine particularly in7 literature, art, - seienee.' the church, the l " id the "" ~ ' " ■ " ' " 1 navy, and the army. Out of four Adelaide , Bishops three of them were Ybrkshireroen. ^So far as navigation was concerned, what pWnntry could boast of such a man as Capt. Cook? If it had nOt been for Cape. Cook they would not be forming - a Yorkshire , Society that night. All England was proud - • of him. The antarctic explorer, Sir Er-'j ; hest Sliackleton, was'a Yorkshireman,- and . ; although he did not quite reach the south" pole he got so near to it That they could i hardly tell the difference. (Laughter.) -i Yorkshiremen were fond of horses. . He J j had been in Australia for some time, and. I he liked to see a really good bit of "horse flesh On the turf. It had been said, "If you give a Yorkshireman a bridle he-will ] find a horse." (Laughter.) There was pro bably no. country in the world whose people, took such a wholehearted interest, in reli gious matters as Yorkshiremen. They : might be of. different denominations, but-j they all believed in the goodojd Book. In' moving that the society be formed. Mr. - G. W. Illingworth said they recognised .Yorkshire as second.to.no country. (Ap plause.) They, admired and loved Austra lia because they lived-in it. The motion i was carried. The competitions of' the Southern Lite rary and Musical Union, and of the Band Association, which had been running for 32 evenings, together with a number of day sessions, at the Unley City Hall, were con cluded before a large attendance on Friday evening, when the musical adjudicator (Herr Carl Sauer) delivered the last batch of his awards. The popular -musician has delighted the audiences with his humour and good judgment as evening after even ing he has carefully gone over the points of the various numbers and given advice, commendation, and admonition to the con testants. He declared his intention last evening to get out point cards for all the 400 competitors in the musical sections. One could well" believe, from the thorough ness he has always put into his work, his statement that he often remained up until 4 a.m. going over the points of an even ing^ competition, so as to give, a well balanced judgment. A farewell concert will be given to Herr Sauer this evening, when the adjudicator will give several pianoforte numbers, and a special programme of music and elocutionary recitals will be pre sented. Last Sunday there was a rehear-, sal of massed cooirs in the Unley City Hall, but a similar programme projected for to-morrow will, not be held. | on rnday last Sr. McGregor - (Acting i Minister for Defence), when chatting about the Coronation, said that he was the 27th direct lineal descendant of King Fergus I. ; of Ireland and Scotland (says The Mel- i i bourne Herald). The Minister also 6aid that the Coronation stone inside the chair to be used at the crowning of King George was originally brought from the Kingdom of Israel, by an escaped Princess of the ■ i House of David, and taken by her together - | with the Ark of the Covenant, Aaron's ; Rod, and other things, to Ireland at the 1 time of the Babylonian captivity. The sena- , tor lias received a letter on the subject r j from Mr. George Higgins, of Orchard ' i House, Haverbrack' avenue, Malvern. Mr. Higgins asks for the titles of any authorita tive histories, giving information regard ing the "Stone of Destiny." Mr. Higgins states that the subject was first brought under his notice years ago by the late Mr. llobinson, manager of savings banks, and recently by Mr. E. Stranger, of 56 Rose., street, Fitzroy. EndeaVours were now be- 1 ing made to collect legends and histories bearing on the matter. Mr. Higgins asked, "Whose was the prophecy that wherever Scotch- blood goes, the stone shall be tlm ruler?" He also asked, "Where is the evi dence that Jeremiah brought a Princess of Judah to Ireland." Sr. McGregor has been'; too busy to reply, but lie states that he ! will return to the subject at an early date. He expects to be able to convey some in teresting details. There may be seen in the windows of Messrs. Sands & McDougall, King William street, a beautiful example of the art of the ■ silversmith—-a piece of work produced en- 1 tirely in Adelaide. It is . the shield pre- ] sented by the South Australian Bowling j Association to the. Victorian team, which ' won the Commonwealth four-rink tourney ! at the Christmas bowling carnival. For originality of design the trophy is unique, and connoisseurs have expressed the opinion that no better production of the kind has been locally executed. The shield is shaped like an arch, and around the curve run the words:—"Commonwealth bowling championship." Standing in relief is a typi cal bowling clubhouse, with a flag at the masthead. Groups of bowlers and lady friends are shown in the verandah. A beautiful lawn (in dull silver) stretches away, scroll-shaped, to the foot of the shield. Kneeling in characteristic attitude, j j and upon the conventional mat, are a ' couple of bowlers—delivering their bowls i to a clump of "timber" surrounding the I | distant jack. Creepers twine over the ■ j clubhouse, and hedges flank it. Handsome sprays' of wattle drape the scene, and j there are also a large monogram of the as 1 sqciation, the name of the winning team, 1 groups of bowls, and climbers of gum [ leaves and blooms. | After dealing wltn tnc gold return ai Tai 1 eoola. the pastoral areas available for settlement-, and interesting statistics con cerning the wheat and flour export, the bul letin prepared by the Intelligence 'Officer {Mr. V. H, Ryan) for transmission to Eng land last week gives the following informa . tiou concerning butter shipments:—"South I Australian produce always finds a reaiy ] market in the United Kingdom, and since the establishment of the Government Pro-. , duce Department and the appointment of a Trades Commissioner an appreciable in crease in the output of perishable produce has taken place. Producers now know I that should the local market fail they can profitably export through the department, consequently they haye not hesitated to extend their operations. The dairying in dustry especially has expanded, and tile exportation of butter this season shows a marked improvement compared with pre vious years. In 1908-9 a total of 456 tons was shipped from Port Adelaide, in 1909-10 822 tons, while the aggregate shipments to date for the 1910-11 season total 1,747 tons. The quantity of butter made in. the State now exeedesJJJ million pounds annually. Most of the separating is done by farmers on their own farms, and the cream is then forwarded to the .various butter factories, which give employment to a large number of people. The opening up of new lands and the extended practice of irrigation in the Murray Valley and at other places un der Government supervision have given a. great impetus to the- industry, and these: totals will probably be exceeded in the near , future."* ; \ have a nil": IS - a ti II •»oflj^ Jurther.expregsiobfl^ mpted. Government^'.ik^rtmehts in -Ade laide : are ho w^eprehd "• over many' iplaces. Btart :Somewiiete 6quare..;Sqme/are:^,^ big ; dera street while it is a case bf"*here, therel, and every-: here* iall over the shop;" The Government ispushing on speedilywith schemes :iorVre uevrng the pressure; but- fresh difficulties crop up.. The latefcxiepartment .to require more, room is the Lands titles Office, and additionalaccommodationis-tobe-provided. The Attorney-Gen crap (Hon. W. J. Denny) and the Superintendent of Public Buddings (Mr. C. E. Owen 'Smyth)' J;8.0.) ,• have" in spected. the rooms; and-they pre convinced. of-the justice aof.the request. ^The enlarged • offices -will contain a strongroom for the security and preservation /-of certificated of title and other Important documents. : The way to. the Federal Land Tax office is up-a winding stair, it occupies a* modest couple of-rooms in Pirie street; and the stalf of 15 odd, under the Deputy Commis sioner (Mr. L. A.. Wells) Is worried by iigure-studded returns. To. date, about 1,700 assessment" notices have been • issued, but insufficient data have dejaj'ed others. The_ neglect to supply the required infor mation has occasioned some . difficulty,; although on the whole there has not been' cause lor serious complaint In this direc tion, So far approximately £12,400 has been paid by landowners, but the assess ments sent out total a little more than. £100,000. A few hundreds of appeals have been received,'chiefly in view of the test case in Melbourne,"whether the Act is con stitutional or not. Many have settled their accounts under protest. Returns for seve ral large estates ■ and for other smaller pro perties have gone to headquarters, because the holders possess land in "more than one State. South Australia, no doubt, will be credited with her proportion of the amount. The officials state , that there is an abundance of work. following upon the joint ownership and trustees returns, which entail exacting and arduous investi-' gation. One may guess that the staff -at the Melbourne headquarters is having a particularly lively . time. In a few days the alienation notices (D, and E. farms) will be dispatched to the various ' post offices for distribution. In accordance wjth regulation 23 these require owners to give notice of all lands bought and sold since noon of June 30, 1910, the date on-which the last assessment was made. A descrip tion of the land must be furnished, and also the _ following particulars:—Date of contract "of sale; date when purchaser ob tained. or will obtain possession; unim proved value Of the land; sale price; amount paid bv purchaser: amounts of suc ceeding payments; dates of succeeding pay ments; amounts owing by purchaser to sel ler, and secured by mortgage. or charge i on the land;- amount lent to the purchaser by the sgller and not secured by mort- i gage, or charge on the land; and amount ; owing by the purchaser to any other per- j son and directlv or indirectly guaranteed, bv'the .seller. It is interesting to note that the .total number of taxable returns re ceived to date is 1,760 and 2,113 of a non taxable character. i Our Wirrega correspondent wrote on May 29:—We have had a week of rain bows, gorgeous and glorious rainbows in the west, painted by the ■ great sun god rising slowly from his resting place j after a long winter night's repose. Rainbows in the east, covered with not less brilliancy by the sun god, whose brush is shafts of. light a hundred million miles in length, as lie descends behind the evening's purple tint and veil of clouds. Rainbows of single arch, but oh, how beautiful, resting upon the treetops and reaching high to wards the zenith, broken here and there by fast-fleeting clouds having no time for the portrayal of Noah's sign, but quickly giving place to kinder vapours which lend themselves without delay to the great artist to complete the rich design. Rain bows of double bow without a break from base to apex, whose chromatic tones so softly blended are thrown into strong re lief.by lowering, dark and angry clouds be yond. Rainbows all alike in form, yet caph one different in degree of loveliness, biil_ all beautiful.' Such has been the ex- - Eerience of the farmers of the Border •onus during the past week, with seeding operations in full swing all the while. Has any one ever before seen a smoke mirage? Some one must have—perhaps some did the one narrated below—for if a j phenomenon can appear at one place it must be .possible for it to appear at any other. However, a man was on Tuesday morning 1 standing at his door at .6.30, when there appeared an amazing mirage. The door faces Hindmarsh, and the smoke from Hie bottle works chimney, situated across the Port road, Croydon, was blowing in a steady straight line to the south, showing vellow against the darker morning clouds. Suddenly a cow appeared, surrounded by a halo of the yellow mass. There she stood, , calmly chewing her cud in tlie most ap- ■ pifovod bovine fashion, looking, "as Mark Twain, would say, like an angel with her ,' mouth half-full of pie. investigation ' proved the cow was in the paddock of , Mr. Kernick, draper, of the Port road, ! who resides at West Hindmarsh. But by j what feat of strength had the smoke clean lifted that cow. from the ground and held her in suspension 50 ft. above the earth ? | Not that the cow minded, for as the cur- ; rents raised or lowered the smoke stream i so the cow went high or low. Still she j munched on; the movements of her jaws ] were visible with extreme distinctness. At . 6.45 her outlines blurred, and "then she. dropped or "vanished into smoke." But Mr. Kernick can say she has. neither been killed nor spirited away. Yet the early morning observer saw her go. In Fhiianu-El, a Jewish paper published in San Francisco, Mr, Maurice Brodzky, a well known Australian journalist, discusses Mr. Zangivill's Australian scheme. What Mr. Zangwill wants is to secure land in Wes tern Australia capable of accommodating a Jewish population of one million. It. is not his intention to transport a mililou Jews from Russia at once, but he wants land reserved for a million to be sent out gradually. He also wants a Government guarantee that no. impediment to his scheme would be placed on the Common wealth's statute book. Mr. Brodzky re marks that 'there is not any fear of any amending of the present Australian immi gration laws to -keep Jewish agriculturists out of the country, and suggests that the Jewish Territorial Organization should try, by way of experiment, to settle a.hundred Russo-Jewish families on the land in Wes tern Australia, "It is quite certain," be' adds; "that thfe experiment would 'prove an $!$? rS*eb" tjXvfls once >a: ve&ident of thisdirtrtct.It'is ^tlie:-iirat recbrd d£i tbe Mding .nf its t? ;The..: AttonieyJIeneral _; has received the,': -fohpTOoi?memorandum from ,-His.vjfflohoi"-:| Mr, Commissioner Russell:— ;.^%Uj®lJ;'f«ilB'- 'jfio« ■Limited,, versus -Wbybrow &' Co.—I I-wish to .make': a., fewrfiuggestioua Sotincorpora ting-:in -the proposed Biil.jwith ;-.a view to simplifying the Workmen's Coin ' nehs'ation Acts. The English Act was i -builF up on - the basis of English factory legislation, and otfr. South Australian Acts in part followit.- The word 'factory': is now made - to include a number of business concerns that neverWere and never can be ..feetories asordinarily understood. The rest of. the. provisions are 'twisted aM turned about in an: effort to be adapted to fit the' factory idea. The whole, thing ; is .wrong, confusing, and difficult of interpre tation. I recommend 'reframing the pro visions, .'which could be done by using, most of your-own Bill. I should start by clearly enumerating—(a) The employments., to which the Act is intended to apply; .(b) the persons liable (including what have been erroneously called the subcontracting provisions);' (c) the workmen entitled to compensation udder the Act, including de pendants in the case of death; (d) the.in juries for which compensation may be ob tained: (e) state the limit of compensa tion; (f) provide the procedure for obtain ing compensation. (The present provisions would .only require revision.) ' (g) Miscel laneous provisions. On these lines I see . no reason why, instead of having a code that" now nobody understands, a simple measure could'not be passed that 'he who runs may read.'" I The annual elections in connection with ! the district councils in South Australia are drawing near. Nominations for Councillors and auditors are due pn Monday, June 19. ■ and where a poll is rendered necessary it will take place on Saturday, July 1. Speaking of his trip to Vavau to observe the eclipse of the sun on April 29, the j Government Astronomer (Mr. G. F. Dod j well) stated on Sunday that the work of r the Australian expedition had been-success , ful, Good photographs of the inner corona : showing the details of structure and pro minences had been secured. Tue outer corona was obscured by clouds; but had been observed by Capt. Holford, of the steamer Tofua, Mr. Clement Wragge, and others. ' Mr. Worthington, who conducted a private expedition, and who was located a tew hundred yards north of the Austra lian camp, had obtained the best pictures. This showed the wisdom of having separate, parties. The results of the expedition would not be fully known until all the photographs had been carefully studied and a report compiled. The records ob tained would be valuable in advancing the knowledge of the. corona, of which com paratively little was known owing to the briefness of time during whichnt had been possible to niake observations. It was visible only during total eclipses, and "the totality was of short duration. Since the corona had been .scientifically studied -the observations would not aggregate more than a couple of hours. Astronomers felt that it was their duty not to allow any eclipse to pass without taking all possible observations of the phenomenon. The. coroqg was known to be connected jyith sunspots and terrestrial 'magnetism, and in the study of solar physics one object was to find out more about the relation-" ship between solar and terrestrial changes, including meteorology and the influence of the sun upon, organic life on the earth. It is understood that a fresh action is pending in connection with the quashing by. the Supreme Court of the Mount Com pass poll on the Willunga Railway. Mr. Ryan, M.P., entertained the working com mittee favourable to the construction of the line at Parliament House this week, and future work was discussed. A new cam paign is now being mapped out. The bronze equestrian statue of the late Marquis of Linlithgow to be placed on the granite pedestal in the triangular garden in front of the Federal Government House arrived by the steamer Zeiten to-day (says Monday's Melbourne Herald).. It will be ■unveiled by the present Marquis, the eldest son of the first Governor-General, who, with Lady Linlithgow, is expected to arrive in Melbourne, about June 11. The sculp tor (Mr. Birnie Rhind, RiA.) represents Lord Linlithgow in the uniform he wore as Governor-General and Commander-in Chief of the Australian forces. He is seated on a charger, which he holds in. check with his left hand, his right resting gracefully on his thigh. The costume is said to resemble that of a general's undress uniform, with a gold military sash over his left shoulder, while over his right shoulder isHhe sash of the Order of St. Michael and St. George. The left breast is ornamented with the stars of his. various orders. The horse and rider, which stand 12 ft. high, will be mounted on a pedestal 13 ft. in height. The statue was cast in bronze in Naples by Parlanti, who has turned out a, number of famous statues, including that, of Gen. Gordon, in Spring street. The pedestal .which has been erected for the statue bear? the following inscription:— ."The Marquis of Linlithgow, P.C.; K.T.. G.C.M.G.. G.C.V.O., first Governor-General of Australia, 1901-2, Governor of Victoria 1S89-1895." The enclosure in which the . pedestal stands is to he transformed into an ornamental garden, with grass plots', and gravel paths. The. question lias arisen in connection, with the boundary dispute between South Australia and Victoria, whether South Aus tialia, having lost-the action, has now a riglil to appeal to. the Privy Council (says The Melbourne Herald). Section 74 of the Commonwealth Constitution' provides that no appeal shall he permitted to the King iii-Couucil from a decision of the High Court upon any question howsoever ans-1 ing as to the limits inter se of the Consti-1 tational powers of the Commonwealth and those of any State or States, unless the High Court shall certify that the question is one which ought to be determined by His Majesty-in-Counc-il. The High Court may so certify if satisfied that for any spe cial reason the certificate shall be granted, ; and thereupon an appeal shall lie without' further leave. Except as provided in the section, the Constitution eliall not impair any right which the King may be pleased to exercise bv virtue of His Royal prero gative to grant special leave to appeal to the Privy Council. It is a very moot point as to whether a dispute between two States in regard to territory comes under the section.: If it does, the High Court may grant special leave to appeal; but if it does not, the South Australian Government may apply direct to the Pfjvy Council fo? leave to appeal, • • It is probable That fine weather 1013 ifgf rail during the next few dais. . pressure system now lies .off-T'8{P&4^>jsBMg " ur the west ; an anti-cyclone ?■ 18,..aiapiRij|| developing apd moving eastward, ■ suit of which damp, foggy , moimrti|SS^® predicted, with misty showers oyerjjfp ranges and in the south-east. As ■ vances thecloudswlll disappear. The flirawi i will be cold and damp, with fogs vjae& 1 frosts, especially in "the north, >■, ■ The • Secretary of the -Emigration (Mr. G XL JBoykett) Btatcd J}m* wedr.' that 23 immigrants _ arrived M. ' the Orontes. - ' They ■■ were aU. mechamcw^Jjg :ilabdii'ret8, 'and are ji fihe' let^rfoenRflBiftg 'iip „t&lt;o -the 'Standard -of ..iliwe-" brought" Id" the State nnder|tne'^a| • of the league. Their .type indicated ful selection. . Already the majorit " the emigrants have, foundsuitable vment, and are perfedijr satisfied'witnjTO5»| . new conditions; of living. Anpthfer^jg^ will arrive in a week or two, afid nagapFg ;-liave been arranged "for otnars: tp lano-aT; intervals Tate into July- ■ the league is. experiencing gi«&lt;t.di.fficaW&lt;^ obtaining sufficient acc6minodation on ]tn&lt;|; - steamers trading with'the Commonwealth^! The demand for passages to. uu ^ of States is large. //-*•-' I Mr. Charles H. Goode," who" celebrate* , the eighty-fourth anniversary ^thissbmtn day. on May 26, told a representative^.m% Observer last week a remarkable atoi^ OM^ • lost brooch."Half a- century ago; he vgnW| . one to a. lady "relative. , It was jngdj^l^ gold and blue enamel. She kept nt 30 years; ■ and then"by mischance dost it. -'\YearaM^i! the lady told Mr. Gonde that when^trg^ ling by train to Broken Hill ahe^had. sp^v ' another lady passenger wearing the brooch; . which she would-like .to have vr®5°YeA;5 but had not cared to mention. thM-ntma* once been her own property. She..ha«;| no idea of the wearer's name or place oi, i residence. Several more years. elapseo. . I during which nothing had been known-nl;, - the whereabouts of the brooch. -At'length one of Matthew Goode's tm-el ers brought, J± across to Mr. Charles Goode s office. Jm explained that he had found it on the scat ■j, of a carriage in the Broken Hill express. 1 On examining the brooch he noticed in. a^ locket space underneath it a youthful por - trait of Mr. Charles Goode, which he re- : cognised as similaT to .one he had scen .iu the office of the firm where he was em-.; ployed. Thus he was able, after many; years, to restore to its former owner.The.. ; valued Jrinket which bad had such, strange. ' wanderings. " " -: The Railways Commissioner lias^lu»th«> ;; rized the-expenditure of £5,000. foiv.mt : purchase and erection of additional macto nery in connection with the Islingtoii wdnOo chops. The line will include lathes .«*§£ drilling, turning and grinding machines^ reiv , resenting additional' plant to cope with ih&lt; work. A sum of £5,500 has been providq^ for the rearrangement of the Gavvlor jailry way station yard, and a portion prit/Wlkj be devoted to Ike removal and re-ereetiOn •! , the loco, running shed. Cottages^ for .traf. fic employes will be erected at-CutanajV; Ucolta, • Winnininnie, and-Wan^Own.i*^ a cost of. £2,780. With the.establishmwk", of the metropolitan' abattoirs at Cross it has been found necessary Jo,cfe | struct two cottages at this new. stahon at)d: ! two more at Dry Creek, which tpgetter, i will cost about £2,500 "Accounts liave also; I been authorized to.provide railwav teler i phonic* communication between . ; i albvn and Milang, and to substitute Jor., 1 Winter's block system' now used for the_ ! safe working of the railways the .electric; staff system The block' system consists KgSS with bells, while the" ^ifi". which is to replace' it is on the same ]«"«-. ciple as that, adopted on the single eleewm ear lines. . j ;a: Two narrow-gauge enmnes left .the ling ton works last week, one for . use ^ on the narrow-gauge lines nortb of Terowiei and the other to run south of ley. Each was mounted on what js P°P«' : larlv known ~as a crocodile for purposes of ^ ti^nsit over the broad-gauge section. The Rev. W. G, M. MimphyrspeMiin^aLj the annual meeting of the Adelaide. ^ift-2 cesan Missionary Association attheC-hurc*. Office on Monday evening, said, that whi!«,;: in England recently he. had bad tbwe^p periences which threw.incidental »8btu«» j.; the value of missions. A felloiv-paseenget .. between South Africa and Ixindon- hattheen^ a-gentleman whose business was the £»« . of skips of large game. Teat man had tp d , him he preferred to deal with the-^ldg blacks, because the missionaries got of bis best hunters and turned.them ipto agriculturists. . They prospered so . much-; that tliey did not care to take theivislca-oj .. tiie chase, and he had to moye furtlier inte . the backwoods as the missionaries . ad" vanced. On a London tranicar a : visitor to the metropolis had .found himself j without small "change for- his tare. ... "j-J; (the speaker) had «iaid his-fare, and M counselled the Oriental not to exhibit hia:| -old coins on a public vehicle, ihe JaP| ;j nese replied—"English thieves no g&lt;md{ > Japan thieves would .take it quick. . - rr eastern visitor wanted direction to M>tn&lt; back thoro'uglifare off Regent ftieet, pointing to tfi'e minister's collar ne skldiM «I go with him," and declined tp acceptyj the attention of any other per^ou oh ^hfj car. Evidently (said Mr. Murjffiy) ^Sag had been so impressed with the; high cha&^: acter «jf the missionaries in his own. Ifiiidg that he felt he could trust a member of; the cloth anywhere. (Laughter.) rh6Ja.-fc incident he would refer to whs an ,M.dresB:g ;bv a late Governoi^pf South Austria (fcifsj Cjeorge Le Hunt* who liad membrances by hiiii to the people of wfflyn g Australia. (Applause.)- Sir Georgfe ihad;. told him bow in. the wilds-of Hew. yuinea.^ , he had seen a tribe of savage, whose eyes^ flashed at- the white men fikeJhe eyear.ql.jg eagles ready for. their, prey, but at his.pexv, - i visit to the same quarter, aftei the men;,, i "had come under the influence of The mis-; I eionaties they were as tame as baind0pr ::' I fowls, (Laughter.) That was .not Sir i George Tie Hunte's simile,-but, at. any rate,-: !.it roughly, conveyed hja meaning. (Laugh;| ter.) Our "'Nttriootpa correspondent write is announced that on and after June aiid Co.'s mail coach will cease to ruQ,-j|m^f i from that date the mails will be carried rtoSgt I train. This-is certainly breaking, jip ep j associations, as the coach has run tlirpMbgi here for 42 yeai-s conb'nuously, and fpr.-3fl|.J years of that period Mr. Perry, of I ton, was on the drivers seat. Tlie I'ass. - 1 ing of the coach clearly shows the advance. . ment the d'mtrict is making. . , , An alarming incident occurred in grounds of Hampton Ckiurt Palace during I S south-westerly gale which swept mm England last month. ; An elm trefev .WJL S, ana 6 ft. ia circumference, w*; rooted,-and fell on a party tt tourists, two a| whom .were plnned to -tto ground- and subsequently xempyed^ ie .hpB «ital -with broken limbB.' 'A -third .inembe* , f the party w^i itainred kffi Mripsslft ,&lt; :—j " ' ' *""'C ' / "rr.'jM'it-jnTr 11.^ Wi'_' ■. ; Th» President; of the British Immigra Xiiom League (Mr. W., Herbert Pliillipp.B) made the -following statement on Saturday f* reference to the question asked by Aid. Hutchinson of the Acting Mayor of St. Peters at the meeting or-the council of that municipality on Friday, whether the (British Immigration League was allowed to jbring into the country consumptive people. PTlilk-enquiry/' said Mr. Philhpps, 'us tan ' [tamount to making an actual charge, and jit would Have been much better to have, lai&ed ihe league. When I was in London *' V mhde careful enquiries again and again tto the methods of work of Tie Central ■employed body in the metropolis, (rough whom emigrants are sent to the {British Immigration League.' One condi ^tionthat is rigorously insisted on by the . '^unemployed body is that every person sent LOufc by it shall be thoroughly healthy and K>f sound constitution, and no person is ac /c'epted until after the most careful investi foaticn, and then only on a doctor's certifi cate. On "reception here they pass through fthe hands of the officials of the league, ilwhb have never yet seen one doubtful or Uinhealthy p^tson. I find that in ope case jh manwho arrived in a perfectly healthy Mate, and was sent into the country, fell /111 subsequently with a chest affection, V,wiueh, he said, arose through his having sfelept in a damp room. He was treated in Vthe city, and as .a precaution was sent to jffCalyta, where he rapidly recovered, and ^kvas discharged a thoroughly healthy man, "lino 'consumption having developed. The . /affection proved to have been nothing more Jtbah a severe cold. I have no reason to jijoubt the absolute accuracy of the infor . motion given to me respecting this one 'man. As far as my information of the jipelhods extends there is infinitely less probability of any unhealthy person being Introduced through the British Immigra tion League than by any general system of immigration." There is little fear of. South Australia becoming a dump hg -ground for unhealthy immigrants, : 3 though some doubt appears to fiave been cast in that direction. The orecautions adopted both by the Govern ment and by the British League ensure {liberal protection, and the chances of a shyeically undesirable person reaching this state .through those channels are narrowed jdown to a remote possibility. The Goveru '.Vicat Immigration Officer (Mr. E. J. Field) - Contends that under the official icgulations .■'fit is practically certain that people having ujouily or -mental defects or apparently ua ■ St for work cannot arrive as immigrants. £n every case a doctor's certificate is neces ary, wnd then the authorities in England jjhare to be satisfied of its genuineness. In fibructions have been given to the London fvfficdals to exercise the greatest cure in the selection of immigrants. The first batch fbnder the Government scheme will arrive /shortly, 'I'-ii 1 Owing to the active demand for silver .join the various banks in Adelaide have Just secured from the Commonwealth Trea Suiw £26,800 worth, and the distribution > was made on Friday. The florins bear the j bead of King George, and are the first of {the kind in Australia. The supplies of the I various denominations were:—2/, £9,600; 1/, £8,400; sixpence, £4,000; and three pence, £4,800. i 