 "THE FLIGHT OF A SOUL" LECTURE BY MR. CLEMENT L. WRAGGE. Mr. Clement L. ."Wrnggo repeated, by re quest, his stirring lecture, "Tho Flight of ft Soul," at the Y.M.C.A. Hall on Saturday cvonlng, to another largo and deeply Interest- cd audience. Tho lecture was an Intellec- tual treat, full of valuable Information and uplifting thought It was Illustrated b&lt;y nu merous unlquo and magnificent lantern slides which, with tho enthusiastic descriptions and explanations of tho lecturer conveyed lmprcsslvo ideas of the wonder and tho ma jesty of tho croaUon. Mr. Wrugge explained at the outset that although reasonable Imagi nation was used In presenting tho subject beroro his audience, tills mode of convoying information was only designed to present more clearly and forcibly tho wondrous truths of the Infinite Universe, of tho loving Creator, tho fact that nothing was ever lost, that there Is no such thing us death, and man's glorious destiny Is a very reality. Mr. Wraggo announced the title as "Tho Yearning of Man for Truth." Truth, let It bo knowu. was the only worthy object of a man's study. Tho scorch for truth was the noblest endeavor. Once In Benares an Indian cldld named Ahmed was born. Ah med's mother promised tho "Great Spirit" that she would consecrate her son to Him, and tho boy grew wiso for his years. Ho would visit tho Hindu Observatory In tho sacred city, nnd question the Sadhu In charge about tho Instruments and stars, and tho Sadhu was amazed at his understanding and answers. Then ho would visit tho mosques and temples and see men praying. Ho would renin tho streets und bazaars and see them living, und he would visit the burning ghats and seo the body transmigrated from clay to ashes, and from ashes to tho fourth dimension of ether, to live on undying, for Ahmed know, or r&thor began to know, that the soul was Indestructible. As the child grew up ho heard whites talk of "heathens and their blindness." But Ahmed's fixed Idea was that he was no more blind than tho Christians, even If his skin was block, and even if ho worshipped God in a way that was not all men's. Ahmed did not think that the Christians wcro blind. Oh, not Nor the Musselinans, nor tho Hindoos, nor tho Confucians, nor tho BuddhJ&ts. All men saw. But their beliefs wero liko tho prismatic colors, which wero tinted differ ently, but which nil blended through the prism Into uniform primal white. Ahmed's creed thus was that all men saw along dif ferent roads as It were, but all looked to wards tho same thing. And ho now clearly understood that no matter what religion man goes In his efforts to find God, If ho is sincere God comes out to meet him. At tho ago of 16 he realised that God was every where, la each palm tree. In each blade of grass— In everything tliat was. Ills mother In those days went from Benares, and going, sent her son further away to a university In England. Ahmed studlod there, and his matos jeered at him, for his skin was not unlike tho color of tho dinner gongs that hung in their halls. Tho boy, however, lived down the sneers, and the others at last loved him brcauso ho was wise and good. He left, and went through London and saw tho mighty buildings and the grandeur of tho city, and tho beauty of tho streets and tho misery that squatted in ' the dark lanes and poverty wallowing In the gutters. His heart grew nick, and ho wondered if it was all a practical demon stration of true Christianity while Bishops had their thousands and people In tho East End were starving. Did Christ teach this? Not understanding why there should bo wealth for some and poverty for others, why some should live in enso and others In pain, he went home to India. On tho voyage he saw tho stare and loved them, learnt the principles of astronomy and let his soul look through his eyes to the twinkling beauty of tho heavens. He come back to India and determined to devote the rest of his life to tho service of his countrymen. Hfe noted tlio guns that hod stood breathing hate for a hundred years, and wondered If they Indicated the love of a Christ, and If such were the true methods of converting the alleged "heathen." He hated tho grim fortifications thnt had frowned for a generation. Ho visited the palaces of tho Maharajah# In their vast wealth, and anon n poor beggar accosted him asking for pice wherewith to buy bread— the famine and tho plague wcro raging, and wealthy merchants exporting the grain by which tho people lived by millions of bushels. Hcort-slck, he asked, "Do such conditions !n- dloato statesmanship? Ho lay down to sleep one day by the sen beach and called aloud to God to show him happier worlds. While ho slept tho form of his guardian angel. Azarel, c&mo ord told him that U had prompted his Inquiring#, and was about to give him poacc. Ahmed asked tho angel what was good and what was evil, and tho angel toM him that good, was harmr" God's wia atA more," cried Ahmed. "I must know more!" "ComV said tho angel, and Ahmed was raised, and in tho air flew whllo tho angel expounded life, death, and eternity to him. There was no death, only eternal llfo; death wus only a chango into a state of music and happiness. Earth fell far as they soared, and tho angel showed his child the system of tho worlds, and took him Into tho fathomless depths of tho Eternal Beyond. There was first the great sun, tho flashing sourco of energy, the moon, tho pulo moon, tho planets, stars, and Milky Way. Mars and Venus revealed their secrets, their great construc tion and being to tbo two as they approached. Ahmed was transfixed with delight Ho prayed to bo taken nearer and tho ungcl took him Into tho very prescnco of tho planets, and his chargo gazed. The angel told him that astronomy was tho noblest studj4»Qtat astronomy, coupled with thefisophy, plaJncd what, tested by other studios, waiH Inexplicable, and that of all studies It wasB tho most dollghtful. When they bad soenfl ull that tho angel showod, they drifted® slowly down to earth, and on their way saw! the wonders of their own planet— saw tho I Alps piercing cloud fields, saw tho rivers and I continents and cities of tho world. They saw I from abovo the bluo splendors of Lake Lu-| ccnic, and, travelling, watched tranquilly I Vesuvius roaring In eruption. Now, Indeed. I as they touched earth, Ahmed know, and I honccforth would ho Uvo to tench his fellows I and make their burdens lighter# and tho In- I dlaii sun woko him from his narrow carpet on tbo bench. It Is impossible In a press I article to do full justice to his amazing lec- I turc. It must bo beard to be approriatlod I and understood. I Tho Illustrations Included beautiful land- 1 scapes, soascapes, sunsots, mountain and Woodland views, scenes at Oxford. London, Versailles, Venice, tho Swiss Alps and Swiss Lakes, several very flno floral slides. The j description of tho flight of Ahmed's soul through tho heavens afforded ft sultobto op portunity for throwing on tho screen many remarkable astronomical photographs token with tho great YcrgcB and Uck telescopes. Amongst tho astronomical viowa wcro solar eclipses, storms, und representations of tho hydrogen flames rising from tho sun's sur face to a height of £M,000 miles, solar cy clones 60,000 miles across. Tho lecturer pointed out that tho sun was 8CC.OOO miles In diameter, and yet it was only on insigni flcant unit amongst milliards of other suns, some of which, like Canopus, wore ten thou sand times larger than tho sun around which this earth rovolvod. Ho further Illustrated the fathomless Immensity of tho unlverso with views of tho milky way, tho Pleiades, and various constellations showing mms as numorous as tho grains of oond on tho sea shore In denbo brilliant mosses. Some won derful views of lunar scenery wcro shown, and also of tho planots Mercury, Venus, Mare, Jupiter, and Saturn, oonccrnlng each of Which Mr. Wragge gave numerous scien tific facts. At the conclusion of the loctnre Mr. Wraggo gave another Interesting exhibition of radium. 