 GENEBAI NEWS. THE BUDGET". I Tln.-> alternóos in the House of AsHeiribly \he "Treasurer (Hon. Ç.. Vamrhtin) will de- liver his &econd financial statement pince 'talrine office in the \'errau Government. | The Estimates of expenditure, the state- ment of Ways and Means, and -the appen- dices will bo laid upon the table prior lo the House going into Supply, which will be the first business on the paper. It i»¡ ?not likelv that there will lie any airing of I Grievances on the motion to go into coru | mittee. as- it is a sort of convention in Parliament that a Treasurer with a finan- cial statement to deliver shall not be sub ' jected to any unnecessary »delays. Mr. | Vaughan expects to occupy from an hour and a half to two hours_ in his compre- hensive survey of the position. _ Although | the _ present season is not without its anxieties owing to the lack of rain in cer ! tain parts of the State, the story to be told j by Mr. Vaughan will for_ the most part be of a cheerful and an exhilaratinc eharac I ter. The revenue from taxation has I been even better than was expected, and I the income cenerallv has been large. After j ziving it review of the operations of the past vear the Treasurer will supply fleures j concernine the various heads of revenue. [ such as railwavs, land, income, and stamp taxes, as well as nrobate and succession I duties. He will devote attention to I land settlement which the Government are doing everytbinc in their_ power _ to en courage. Considerable interest is mani- fested . concernine the new taxation pro- posal.« of the Government, and it is ex [ pected that the policy of last year in re ; spect to increased land taxes will be submitted aeain. accompanied by a pro- posal to exempt earnings below £300. a year from the income tax. The pre I sent exemption is £200 a year. RETURN OP THE ENGINEéR-rN GHIEF. Mr. Graham Stewart, the Enginççr-in. Chief. who has oeen on an official visit to England, the Continent, and America/ in I search of machinery for the construction I of drains in the South-East and other works, will return to Adelaide by. the mail j steamer which will reach the Outer Harbor I on Sunday next. Mr. Stewart left Ade- laide at the end of January, and made London his headquarters. He went to America on a short business trip, and abo I visited countries on the Continent in search [ of information as well as machinery whicn will reduce the cost of making the big channels necessary to' drain the South-TSas ; tern swamp lands effectually. Mr. Stewart I made enquiries on the subject of construct- ing locks on the River Murray, and had consultations with several experts, .wha are willing to come to Adelaide to report on j the Murray question. Soon after his re- turn he will have an interview with the | Commissioner of Public Works, and com- municate his opinion respecting the most | suitable man to be commissioned for the ! special work. The Government will pro- bably act on his advice promptly, so that within a few months an eminent engineer ought to arrive under a special engagement to examine the river and raport on the best sites for locks and other matters con- nected with the scheme for improving the navigation of the great waterway. A BDSY TIME WITH COMMISSIONS. The Select Committees of the two Houses of the Legislature" on tile Ice Works and Produce Depot, met on Monday-the House of Assembly committee in the morning and the Council committee in the evening. The Sedan Committee spent the whole of the morning examining the Railways Com- missioner, and .the Eyre Peninsula Railwuy Commission were engaged far three hours taking the evidence of the Railways Com- missioner, the Surveyor-General, and Cap- tain Weir, of the Governor Musgrave. Later in the day the members of the Coin mission inspected the mono railway, which was laid down on tho Jubilee Exhibition BTOund. fo- the recent Show. The Bonier Railways - Commission spent two hours on Tuesday considering their report, aud the Wharfs Commission devoted a similar time on Wednesday to the taking of evidence from Mr. Arthur Searcy and the con- sideration of the report. The Legislative Council Committee on the Ice Works met again on Wednesday evening, and this afternoon the Border Railways Commission I will leave for Melbourne to meet the Vie-| torian Commission, which is investigating ¡ the same subject, for the purpose of cn ' deavoring to finalise the work of the two bodies and fixing up the report. To-mor ! row morning the members of the Water i Supply Commission will leave for Pasko I ville to inspect wooden pip?8 put down ' there as an experiment. Next week the i Wharfs Commission will assemble on Wed- nesday morning to consider the report, and in the evening the Electoral Rou Irrcgu | larities Select Committee of the Legisla i tive Council will hold another meeting. On j the afternoon of the same day the "Eyre , Peninsula and Murray Lands Commission | will leave for Pinnaroo to make enquiries I concerning the stisgestcd line from near ' Peake to Butcher's Soak. The members of the Commission will proceed in tlu Melbourne express to Murray Bridgo, where tliev will remain for the night, con- tinuing the journey to Pinnaroo the next morning. On Friday thev will drive out to look at the country in the vicinity «if the Soak, and on Sattirday will return to Lameroo in order to inspect the country to the north along the proposed route of the new railway. FROM PLENTY TO SCARCITY. A fortnight ago some of the, market packers were busy exporting to Victoria .every cabbage and cauliflower they con M spare, as the demand over the border was so great that almost any price asked for .was obtainable. Fortunately the supply here was fairly good then, but a complete , reversal of conditions has occurred, and the quantity available is extremely limited now. At Wednesday's markets the ab- sence of cabbages and cauliflowers was particularly noticeable. The prices of cauliflowers have advanced 100 per cent., and those of cabbages have gone up 50 per cent, within the last few weeks, accom- panied by a downward movement in quality. Instead, therefore, of being able to export the vegetables to Melbourne the packers are anxiously looking for sufficient stock to meet the requirements of local i trade. The explanation of the shortage is ' that the young spring crops in the hills gardens are not ready for cutting except in small quantities, and the warra weather of this month has caused the balance of the crops on tlie plains to go to seed. There are large quantities of cauliflowers on the* plains, but they arc not ready for picking in bulk lots, owing to the dr\ spel] recently experienced having retarded the development" of the flowers. The showers which have fallen within the la-st .week tvfll help the crops a little, and the packers and dealers hope .shortly to have .better supplies. Fortunately peas are , coming forward in considerable quantities, and they should relieve the tituation. THE SPRCCG SHOW. ( A full report of the Adelaide Spring j Show, with a description of the exhibits I and a list of the prizes won appears in j '"The Chronicle" which is published to-day. There arc also four pages of portants j and photographs relating to the Show, j Some of the pictures ore particularly artis- tic and the whole issue forms a splendid I souvenir of an exceedingly successtul ex- hibition, and one admiiably adapted for dispatch to friendo at a distance. Por- j tniiUs are given of his Excellency the Go- vernor, the president (Hon. W. B. Rounse-1 veil), the vice-presidents (Messrs. R. li. Crawford and J. W. Sandford), and the | secretary (Mr. J. A. Riley). There is Tine general group of the officials of the j society, with tlie Governor, the members | of the Ministry, and other distinguished visitors, comprising over 100 .persons, all »f whom are readily recognisable. A page ii devoted to the cattle, the magnificent Hereford bull, May Dyke IV.. being in the centre, with eight other splendid animals ranged round him. The crowd at the ma- chinery stand, the throng watching the horse events on the oval, with the stud 'cattle and the draught and roadster stock are the subjects-of four other lino illustra- tions. The champion merinos, the chain- j pion stallion aud mare, the hackney cob stallion, the jumping liorseS; "thé hacke;, tte à ponies, and a group of hacks 'with Isa] riders make up another page. Snapshot of competitors in the harness horse an&lt; pony classes are also included. The col lection of pictures is both comrprehensivt and artistic. SUNDAY WORK ON MAIL STEAMERS Por a long time members of the Pon Adelaide Working Men's Association havi objected to Sunday labor on mail or othei «tt-amers. except in cases where- pcrhapi risk-to life was involved. To a large ex tent they have in this respect enjoyed thi 'sympathy ol' the Legislature, and Sunday work has been'avoided bv the various ship ping companies. Montlis have elapeet since a mail steamer from London arrivei here on a Sunday. Consequently th( ¡ question of Sunday work has not beet raised. It whs. however, revived at Port Adelaide on Wednesday in conncctior with the Orient Company's R.M.S. Ormusc This vc«sel was a day late in getting t&lt; Colombe from Port Said, and she failet to pick up lost time in the run to Pre mantle, wliich was reached at 1 a'.m. 01 Wednesday. Before leaving the Westen Australian port at 9 a.m. for Ade luirle her commander advised tin agents here that he expected te reach the Outer Elarbor at noon on Sun day. Tlie vessel lias (JO tons of genera merehandiFe to unship here, and th&lt; working men were asked whether, if a spe rial permit were obtained, they would worl on Sunday. Thev considered that to di i so would establish a bad precedent, and re fused. As a result the work of dischàrg ins: tile cargo may begin at midnight or. Sunday, or the steamer may. to save time take the Adelaide merchandise on witl her to the eastern States. RAIN IN PLACES. Tiie farmers are'beginning to look witl: some anxiety for heavy spring rains. Al thcugh it would lie an exagération' to sas that the condition of the wheat crops any where in the State is critical, a soakinc downpour would be welcome. The Gov ernment Meteorologist, in his report lasl night, stated:-"'fhiring the 24 hours enden at S.30 a.m. on Wednesday fairly genera! rain was recorded south from Melrose. The falls were usefirl^ and some of the higkeal amounts were:-Uraidla, .W points; Angas ton, 40 point*; Watervale 28 points; Ka punda nnd Clare, 27 points; and Burra, It points. Scnttei-ed showers only were, how -ever recorded in the South-East. Tin weather chart shows that the succession oi low pres-sure wuves from the West con tinuej another being- located south of the Bight which is being followed in turn by the usual anti-cyclone. The wave of low pressure, however, does not seem at pre sent to have much energy, so that indica' tiona are for fine weather for the most part, with perhaps a few light coasta. showers." PARLIAMENTARY BREVITY. ifv. T. S. Byan. M.J?., ond Mr. E. H. Coombe both huvo some ' long «peech« to their credit in the Parliamentary records of the State. On Wednesday however, cadh gentleman was as brief nf it was possible to be in submitting :i proposition of the first importance to the House of Assembly. Both meirtbere ubed the same phrase and nothing more. Wheo the line on the notice-paper referring te . the adoption of the first report of the 'Royal Commission on the Adelaide Uni versitv and llighor Education was reached Mr. Ryan rose and said, "Mr. Speaker, 1 move the motion standing in my name." "1 second that,'' said the Premier, and if the leader of the Opposition had not inter- vened the resolution, which meant an ad- ditional grant of ¿£1.000 a year to the Uni- versity, would have passed without another word. When the fourth order of the day, "Proportional Representation »Bill, second reading," was called on Mr. Coombe used exactly the same words as Mr. Ryan. He was not so fortunate, however, for where- as the first motion was carried his was adjourned. The session would be soon over if tlie example set hy Messrs. Ryan and Coombe on this occasion was generally followed. SECOND CLASS SLEEPING CARRIAGES. The Railways Conrmissioner intends to provide second class sleeping accommoda- tion on long-distance journeys within the State as soon as possible. Between Ade- laide awl Melbourne this must be a matter for interstate negotiation, and as far* as Broken Hill is concerned it must wait for the completion of the now carriages. The question and arrangements for a dining car "between Adelaide and Scviceton has | been carefully considprcd, but the expense of hauling such a carriage over ihe Hills line- is prohibitive. " " ROBBING THE RAILWAYS. Tlie Premier (Hon. J. Verran) chocked the members of the house of Assembly on Wednesday by announcing that in the space of about, a month, during August and September. 10 decanters and 222 tumblers had been stolen from the car- nages on the South Australian railways. Mr. Rudall asked if the articles were not branded. The Premier replied that they were taken away, brands and all. He con- sidered the face to be a great reflection on the honesty of the travelling public. There is no doubt that if such depredations con- tinue the Railways Commissioner will be cliary about providing articles of a movable character for the convenience of passengers by the trains. THE AWFUL MOON. Tho Goddess of the Night, to whose pale beauty poets have sung praises, was given an awful character by Mr. Clement L., Wragge in the course of his lecture at the Sydney Y.M.C.A. Hall on Saturday night, says the "Daily Telegraph .1' 'ihe moon, .he said, is fast crumbling co decay." In- cessantly great pieces are breaking off the cliffs and mountain tops and tumbling to the arid plains. But not a sound is beard. A dead silence covers the scene, for there is no atmosphere surrounding the decaying orb. For the same reason there is no vegetation, and. while the portion bathed in sunligltt is for the time hotter than a furnace, the other half-night timer-« I colder than the nose of a Polar bear-250 ¿eg. below zero, as a matter of calculation. In point-of fact he could not conceive of a greater punishment to anybody than to cousign him to the moon, if such were pos- sible. And nothing was surer than that the earth would eventually be in the same .predicament, and become exactly like the moon. But she would still be fulfilling her part in the universe. Ether waves would be passing from her decaying and crumb- ling surface to light another planet created for the purpose. I MAIL STEAMERS. I The R.M.S. Ophir, of the Orient line c royal mail stcameriä. is expected to reac. the Outer Harbor from Melbourne at a.m. to-morrow, and will leave for Londo; the same dav at 1 p.m.. . The last specia will leave North-terrace at 12.1 p.m. fo the Outer Harbor. /die Orrnuz is ej pected to arrive at the Outer Harbor frou London at noon on Sunday, and will sai for Melbourne at 4 a.m. on Monday. Tin last special train will leave- Xorth-terrae for the Outer Harbor at 9 p.m. on Sun dil» TI1E ELECTORAL ROLLS COM- MITTEE. The Select Committee of the Legislativ«; Council, which has 'been investigating tin alleged irregularities in connection with th&lt; Central district of the Legislative Council has been unable to" hold meetings lately oi acconut of members being otherwise _ en. gaged, but arrangements have been made to resume the enquiry on Wednesday next No action has been taken with respect to tlie two witnesses who refused to answer, questions until they had made a state- ment, and considerable interest will attach to the meeting next week. IN OPPOSITION TO GAMBLING. At the Baptist Church Conference on Wednesday afternoon the following mo- tion was carried at the instance of the Rev. Frisby Smith:-"In the interests of the young people of the State, this Con- ference rc-ailirms its decided opposition to all forms of gambling, and views with great concern the large increase of money now passing through the totalizator." Mr. Smith, who is assistant secretary to the Anti-Gambling League, said the amount of money which had passed through the to- talizator in South Australia during the past year represented 2.3/ per head of the popu- lation. Even in the pleasure-loving and gambling country of France the money in- vested in similar channels was only 7/6 per head. In New Zealand the amount per head was £2. Ile said he could submit the motion -with a great deal of earnest- ness because of the knowledge he had ob- tained during the last few months. Within five years the amount of money passing through the totalizator in South Austra b'a had doubled. COSTS OF BOARDS OF ENQUIRY. Referring to the disproportionate cost of Federal boards of enquiry as compared with the importance of the matter» they liavc to investigate, the Federal Public Service Commisi-ioner remarks in his re- cent report:-""In one case the dep«ir:mcnt framed 16 charges against an officer, and a boan! of &lt;m-,uiry was appointed to investi gate these charges. The enquiry extended I over eight days, during which the time" of I officers and witnesses was taktn up to thei explosion of ordinary departmental busi-! ness, while the accused officer was put to serious expense in engaging counsel to de j fend himself. The officer was found partly I guilty op one of the charges, tlie remaiudor' being disproved, and it was demonstrated that the fault lay rather with the system adopted by the department m carrying out its work than with the accused officer. This officer was under suspension for a period of five weeks, he was compelled to pay legal expenses, a penalty of £5 was inflicted, and an increment withheld from him, responsible officers were withdrawn from their work, and practically a whole branch temporarily dislocated, and for ' what? To prove a charge which was capable of proof in half a day. Had the law permitted it, I should certainly have recommended the Government to reimburse the suspended officer the amount of his legal expenses, which would not have been incurred only for the unnecessary multipli- cation of charges against bim. The case was one which could have been readily dis- posed of without a board of enquiry." ISLANDS IN THE COORONG. Tlie South Australian Ornithological Association recently leased some ol' the islands in the Coorong for the purpose of protecting native birds, and allowing them to breed. On Tuesday the secretan' (Mr. J. W. Mellor) left to inspect these islands and furnish a report. It is intended to erect notices forbidding trespassing. Na- tives also will be prohibited from mo lestine the birds. Mr. Mellor will pro- ceed to Goolwa, and there join the inspec- tor of_ fisheries, who is proceeding to the Coorong in the departmental motor launch. ' TRAINING SHIP AT THE SEMA- PHORE. After about a month's stay at Port Ade ; laide, the fine Danish training-ship Viking , was towed to the Semaphore anchorage on I Wednesday morning. The vessel, which ' has attracted considerable interest during . her visit, is fully loaded with wheat, ' shipped by Dalgety & Co. Her destination is the United Kingdom, but she will not sail for a few days. WINE TASTING. The annual wine tasting in connection with the> recent wine- show was conducted i at the Jubilee Exhibition Building on Wed- nesday. Among those present were:-Mr. Paul Kitz, of Messrs. Kitz & Son, Mel- bourne, and Mr. J). Reid, of the Orient Com- pany, Sydney, a. recognised authority on wine in Australia. The awards of* the judge (Mr. W. W. Senior, of Victoria) ami the merits of the different wines were .freely discussefl by those engaged in the trade. i VISITING SCHOOLBOYS. By the Melbourne express on Wedncsday there arrived six masters and 25 students of the Melbourne Continuation School. The j visitors included the principal (Mr. J. I Hocking, B.A.I and Miss Hocking, Mr. ! and Mrs. J. Ackeroyd, Mr. and Mrs. C. i G. Waters, Mr. E. Witherington, Mr. A. James, and Mr. J. B. Cooke. Mr. E. Triplet will arrive by the express ' to- day. The visitors were met at the station bv the principal of the Adelaide High School (Mr. W. J. Adey). The scholars are member« of the Melbourne school foot- ball tetvm, and will piny the A.H.S. team on the Jubilee Oval to-morrow afternoon. The masters will meet the Adelaide teachers in a tennis match on Saturday morn- ing. A good programme for the entertain- ment of the visitors has been arranged by Mr. J. G'uis (sportamaster). MOORAK ESTATE. Applications have been received at the Surveyor-General's Office from'271 persons for blocks in Moorak estate. There are 149 blocks, including 37 under one acre in area. A few of tlie small blocks were not applied for. HIGn COURT OF AUSTRALIA. A sitting of the Full. High Court of Australia will .begin in Adelaide on No- vember 6. RAILWAY REVENUE. The railway earnings for the week ended September 16 amounted t'o £44,948, as against £44,201 for tlie same period last' year. THE NEW GOVERNMENT GEOLOGIST. The Treasurer (Hon. C. Vaughan), when asked on Wednesday whether many appli- cations lind been 'rcceivetl ,for the jHtei'.ion'' of Government G-ologist on the retirement of Mr. Brown next month, said a fair num- ber had come to hand from, men in Aus- tralia with- exceptionally good qualifica- tions. THE MURRAY SWAMPS. The new excavating machine for work at the "Murray swamps, which was imported from the United States, is now being as- sembled near Murray Bridge under the supervision of an American expert. The Treasurer will visit the swamps to-morrow in company irith^the Acting Director of Irrigation (Mr. Kellett), and he will take the opportunity of having a look at the ma- chine, which .has a great reputation. It is proposed to give an exhibition perfor- mance before members of Parliament shortly. . "THE CHRONICLE." -This week's issue of "The Chronicle" is an unusually interesting one, because it contains a full account of the Show, and several pages of show pictures, in addition to a mass of other reading matter and illustrations relating to a variety of sub- jects. ?> Special articles on agricultural matten?, horse-racing, and sports and pas- times generally are contributed by expert*., and there is abundance of local news apart from ¿lie contributions.sent in by country correspondents, while on other liages will lie found the news of >the world in cou densed form. In the illustrated supple- ment, which this week consists ol eight pages, there are several excellent group, photographs, in which nearly every indivi- dual can be identified. The delegates to the Baptist Union and Churcli of Christ Conferences are represented in two pic- tures. The delegates to the United Labor Piirty Conference are sbown in a group with large photographs of the president and secretary at the t-ides. Tile staff oí the Railways Department at Port Pirie, the officers and others who were present on the occasion of the installation of Bro. Phillips as W.M. of the Masonic Lodge at Petersburg, and the members of the Local Government Association are seen in large photographs* One of the most successful pieces of work of the kind ever seen in the press shows the delegates to the. first con- ference in connection with the Liberal Union held in the Adelaide Town Hall last week. It occupies a full page, and all the faces.can be'recognised. There is a picture of the Dutch training ship Viking, and two pictures associated with the soldiers' memo- rial service held last Sunday. Four gene- rations of tlie Bradford family, of Monteith, near Murray Bridge, are. seen in a "small picture. Tbe Eastern Extension Telegraph Com- pany report», that the latest telegram from Adelaide which arrived in London up to 10 a.m. on September 20 was timed 5 p.m. on the same day. The time occupied in tran- sit was 1 hour 58 min. Tlie Trade Commissioner in London tele I graphed on September 19 to the Govern- : ment:-"Wheat market very dull. Liver- pool market-steadily held, but not active." A meeting of the Justices' Association wül be held on Thursday n-tKt Mr. James Gordon, S.M., will deliwr a le-cture. At 6 o'clock to-nieht the exhibition of Mr. Blamire Young's watercolors closes. Pictures from this collection have already ! been bourzht i>v the National Gallen" of i South Australia, and private buyers. In I the afternoons the callery ha» been crowded with visitors. 