 WEATHER FORECASTING. . ' A MR. WRAGGE'S THIRD LECTURE: ' Mr. Clement \Vragge was certainly in a con genial element last night. When ho" lectured' before 'a largo 'audience In the Y;M.C.A.-hall on tho Science of weather forecasting. - Many people, In Queensland particularly, and 'in Australia generally, . have attributed 'miracu- lous powers to Mr. Wragge. He cortainly did forecast with astonishing .accuracy, the occur-, re'nee' of a 'succession of cycloulo ' storms In Queensland (which he named by the letters of the Greek alphahot, the moro notablo being "Mu," "Nu," and "Sigma," which, dospite his warnings, wrought considerable havoc on the' north-eastern Australian coast. Tho lecturer was, perhaps, a llttlo too discursive In his ex position, probably- swayed by the belief that hiB subject was a dry one and neodod the re lief of extraneous Illustration. The puroly selontlfic portion of the dlscourss, however, completely held hip audience, and Mr. Wraggo would bo well . advised in this locturo ot hlB series to give a straight-ahead, systematlsed account of his methods of charting the weather over tho continent, and placing the trimmings upon tho train. With certain more or less apropos excursions, ho explained that tho sys tem of weather forecasting consisted in col lecting and adjusting barometric data sent from observatories established at certain ap propriate stations throughout Australia at a definite hour, and constructing from these , nn lsobario' chart Indicating the locality of high and low pressure systems.: With- this chart before him tho meteorologist was nbio to pro- diet with reasonable acauracy, from an obser vation ,of barometrio pressure nnd atmospheric gradients determined by tho contiguity and rate of declining air pressuro, tho probable velo city and direction of tho wind, and tho likeli hood of storm and rain. Tho relativo posi tions of high and low pressuro (or, as they aro called, anti-cyclone and cyclone) systemB fur nished an almost infallible key to the secrots of future weather.- Mir. Wraggo will lecture at Parramatta on Tuesday evening, and at Granville on Wod- nosday, returning, to Sydnay for Friday . and Saturday. To-night, at the Y.M.O.A.-ball ho will give what Is described as the most imprea- slvo bf his series ot popular scientific:, lec tures, "The Flight of a SouL through Space.". The lecture will- be Illustrated by some . uniquo, photographs 'that havo never' yet "been shown-' Tho/plon,is at Elvy.'fc. . ... 