 STOCK STATION CHAKFION OFFICE Friday, 4 p.m. Dhoughty conditions prevail, and without being pessimistic appearances indicate a dry time ahead. Mr. Clement Wragge, who some years ago was Queensland's weather prophet, and was untimely retrenched, adheres to his prognostication o! some years ago with a modi fication, and in another column we copy from Sydney " 8un" his wanting to pastoralists and -all others interested to conserve water, in view of a dry time ahead. He does not forecast anything like the 1902-5 drought, neither is he .an alarmist, but he gives a "little friendly ad vice," which, in any case, it would not be wise to overlook. Since the cyclonic storm on Sun day, mentioned elsewhere, the weather lias greatly modified in temperature, until now we ?can say quite pleasant conditions prevail, with cloudless skies. Of course this is ideal breather for shearing, and work is going on well at Saltern and other places mentioned in our reports. At HcLiaughtin's shearing will commence on Monday with P. Currie'e 7000 from Clover Hills; several other lots will follow. In scour ing Noondah Park has been completed, and the Tarcombe clip will be finished Monday. Bowen 'Downs and Braidwood clips are being scoured. The Barcaldine Co-Operative movable plant passed through on Tuesday for Bandon Grove, Arrilalah, where shearing will commence on Tuesday, weather permitting. The No. 2 team Is at Marchmont, and work is' progressing satisfactorily there. Tee following wool was despatched from 'hen during the week:-Kensington 186 bales, Bowen Downs 91, Moondah 63, Mt. Arthur 51, Lilydale 41, Weewondilla 12 ; total, 446 bales. The following were the stock passings this week:-Two mobs of eheep, 4000 c&ch, from .Clover Bills to McLaughlin's scour and return, P. Curry owner in cbaige; 4600 mixed sheep. 'Dunraven to Beta, J. McGuioness owner. T. Thompson in charge. Shearing is progressing splendidly at Saltern "Creek, also at Leicbhardt Farms. The following firms have been registered : 'Hoase & Welu, Qeteward, near Longreach, grasiers. Commenced business Sept. 30th. 1 Proprietors-John F. Hoase, Toowoomba, and Louis E. M. IVehl, Hereward. Registered at Brisbane, Sept, 50th. Scanlan & Sons, grazing1 farm 593, Winton district. Proprietors-Tim othy Scanlan, Sydney J. -Scanlan, and John .Scanlan jr. Reg. at C. P.S.. Winton, Sept 19th. Firm closed-A. SI. and J. J. Doyle (Alexander M. Doyle and John J. Doyle), Munro, via Win .dorah, graziers. Closed July IStb. Our Bowen Downs correspondent reports under date. 15th inst.:-We have had good ? shows for rain but no results here. On the 8th the body of cloud was to dense' that we momentarily expected a few inches to fall. We had a few heavy drops, and that w*S- alii From then to the llth it was fairly cool. Yes terday and to-day were quit# hot, but nary a cloud. It may mean storms sooner or later. The Middle Park lands, after five years de lay, are to be thrown open on 10th' November next, first as agricultural farms. The purchas ing price is 25n. an acre, and the rent, which will be counted as part of the purchasing -money, 7£d. The total improvements amount to &lt;£1025. The Beaconsfield bore, which has for some years been in charge of Mr. John Nee, is likely to be abandoned, the bole badly caving in and -the country being most unfavorable for striking a second supply at any further reasonable depth. The Messrs. Fairbairn have stuck to this hole well, and have spent several thou sands upon it. Only a first supply has been struck, some 100,000 gallons per day, but Die water is palatable and of great use, as it waters thousands of Bheep in what was oon . sidered otherwise dry country. r At 2483 feet ' it was decided to obtain some special tbols, and these have now been received by Mr. Nee, who leaves to-day for Ilfracombe. It the hole stands up, boring will be continued for some further distance, but the driller has but little 'hope of success, and he reckons he will shut .down during the week, and the plant be re moved to Daunton (Messrs. Beatty &Foalsbatn), -eight milw due east Mr. Rule . the new owner of Speculation, has Aurchfclw aA " fiolipse" boring plant. wlth «rh!bhtotest&lt;oHub4rteslan wateri qptot lation is one of the oldest " desert" holdings, and the last remaining hotel, known as " Springer's." on the old road between Ararnac and Clermont, was on the run. A. Jericho correspondent mentions that 142 Srime bullocks were trucked for Bedbank, team. J. Cook & Co. owners, and two truck loads of the same herd went to Rocbhampton. These cattle were from Wldgeman, and Mr. W. Mclvor was in charge. 1600 bullocks are to be removed from the McLaughlin Proprie tary's Mexico station to the Company's Raby Creek station, Duaringa. Mr. Elliott, of the Merriwa Shearing Co., is in charge of the Gar field shearing, now underway. 