 BREVITIES. Out of the £29,327 prize money, awarded at the A.J.C. Spring Meet ing, locally trained horses won £2*1,550. Victorian horses only se cured £1800, while £780 went t:- New Caledonia. At the inquest on Henry Williams, 80, who was found dead in a tent at Orange, a verdict of death from heart failure was returned. Fivo thousaud odd acres of laud were disposed of during the past week to new settlers in the Dunedoo district. ; . At Quirindi a boy named Bradley, while visiting some relatives, was cracking a whip, when he injured his eye, and will probably lose his sight. Mrs Bell, the gatekeeper ab Bedford railway crossing Gunnedah, had her leg broken in two places, and sustained injuries to the body and scalp, through an engine dashing into the gates which she was opening. Edith Bingham has been committed for trial in connection with the death of her brother, James Bingham, keeper of Lancaster Castle, England, from poisouing. Colin, aged 7, son of Mr Augustus Gaddes, of Burrapine, died from lockjaw, caused by an orango thorn running into his - leg while- he ? was - descending from a tree. Lieutenant Conneau ('Beaumont') while testing a monoplane ab Rheims, capsized, and, falling from a height of 30ft, broke his leg, and was otherwise injured, but not, it is bhought, fatally. During the past four years the white population in Papua has rison from 609 to 1032, and the territorial revenue has increased from £21,813 to £43,455. Fifteen hundred members of the Commonwealth Forces attended the funeral in St. Kilda Cemetery of the late Sir John Hoad. The Mount Lyoll (Tasmania) miners on strike have decided to refuse the offer of the directors, and a long struggle is now expected. It is expected that Brigadier General Bridges, Commandant of the Royal Military College, will be ap pointed to succeed the late Sir John Hoad as chief of the general staff, Commonwealth Military Forces. A child named Pollock died sud denly ab Quirindi from convulsions, which, it is supposed, were caused by eating lollies from an old tin. About 400 tons of sugarcane were burnt at a fire which broke out on the Windermere Station, Queensland. During a thunderstorm at Broken Hill on Tuesday a lad John Tonkin, aged 16, was struck by lightning while cycling down Lane-Street and killed. A sculling match took place on the Thames on Tuesday between Wm. Albany, of England, and Jack Arnst, brother of the champion. The match was won easily by Albany by four lengths. Arnsfc rowed a very plucky race, but Albany's superior water | manship made the contest an easy thing for him. Since the 31st July 2000 immi grants, with capital amounting to £20,000, have arrived in Western Australia. In addition 6400 had been nominated, including those al ready at sea. Paris is going one better than turn ing its swords into pruning hooks. It has just melted 300 tons of . discarded cannons into pennies. Mr Wragge has issued a seasonal forecast, and he speaks of a* dry sum mer and a small rainfall. Though he deprecates alarm, he declares that 'water must bo conserved ' London newspapers publish eulo gistic references to tho character and ability of the late Mr Batchelor, Minister for External Affairs in the Commonwealth Government. The new British battleship King George Y. has been launched at Ports mouth. Princess Christian christened her with Australian wine. ? An infernal machine in a cafe at Toulon, France, exploded, injuring five persons. Others were injured in the ensuing panic. The total trade of the Common wealth last year . amounted to £134,505,501, an increase on the amount in the previous year, when the figures were £116,490,732. Messrs W. A. Redmond and R. Hazelton, M's.P., and Donovan, Irish Home Rule delegates-, on arrival at Melbourne from Sydney were wel comed by a large gathering. T. Reeco has challenged George Gray to a billiard match in London, 9000 up, level, with bonzolene. balls, for £100 a-side. The Queensland sugar crop is not likely to come up to expectations. This is owing to the cyclone in (I10 Mossman and Port Douglas districts some months ago. The list of candidates who lost their deposits in connection with the West Australian election numbers 16. Mr V. Carr, of Rydal, was loading a revolver, when it exploded, the bullet penetrating the left hand. He was conveyed -to the Mfcbgow Hos_ pital, where the bullet was extracted. Edward Lance was struck dead I y lightning on Eyriewald solection, near Corfield, Queensland. It is feared that the Mount Lvell (Tasmania) strike, if it is protracted, may involve other employees. Mr E. J. Pownall, Crown lands agent at Armidale, has been trans ferred to Hay as chief clerk and land agent. Mrs Robert Sheridan, of High Knoll, Collector, fell, and died, while walking in the garden at her brother's residence, Goulburn. The body of a man identified as that of William Higgins was found in Burke's Creek, near Wagga. Higgins disappeared in June la?t. At the in quest a verdict, of found drowned was returned. A plebiscite taken on the question of the lighting of the town of Mur willumbah resulted as follows: — For gas 90, for electricity 36 ; on the roll thero aro 476 voters. 