 BRIEF MENTION. Anaemia ami indigestion gener ally go together. Xemia Tonic cures both. Mr. Gtis. Ncaic'g Eva B. was beaten by 2| lengths in the Novice Handicap at Lisinore races. The Federal Government has decided not to send any troops from Australia to the Coronation. The new business of the A.M.P. Society for 1910 exceeded the previous year's total by £390,000, and constituted a record for the society. Mr. M. Takahashi, a Japanese commissioner to Australia, says that the idea that Japan lias de : signs on Australia did not emanate in hie country. On the Manning last week a vicious hog escaped from its stye, and attacked a cow so savagely that the latter animal died from its wounds. The Chief Railway Commissioner is favorably disposed towards the construction of a line from Wngga to Tumbarumba as a means _ of opening up some rich farming lands. The Minister for Works has in formed Mr. Briner that he has ap proved of steps being taken to carry out the work of erecting the bridge over the Bellinger Biver at Bellingen. Robert C. Edmondson has been committed for trial at Millicent,; S. Australia, in connection .with the sensational sheep - stealing charges. This is the "Tantanoola Tiger" man. Dr.-Harmer, late Bishop of Ade laide, declared to the Kent Colo nising Association that Australia was trnly a working man's para dise, where men with grit could rise to any position. For the month of December the Glenifier butter, factory received 67,5831bs. of cream, and 34,304lbs. of batter were manufactured. The highest cheques . paid were £46 15s and £42 5s 4d. THIS TIME OF THE YEAB. This is the time of the year when yon catch cold the easiest. Tate home a bottle of Chamberlain's Cough Semedr and he prepared to atop any cough or cold at once. Every bottle is guaranteed to give results. Sold everywhere. Mr. S. S. Hindmarsh reports having held ah exceptional 1 y:good aafe of MT. R. WaddelPs dairy, hfock^ fdant, etc.; We learn that: Mr-W&ddelPs farm of 199 acres was sold privately to Mr. Douet, of Dorrigo, the price being £22 per acre. ' £;niuent Sydney pbysiraaiA says ''kissing should. h'e discout-" aged." W« hcnUs^totblokybid the result wouldbe if a law^werl enacted forbidding kissing.* Guess it wonld be prgfty frequently broken. , Of the retiring Coraki aldermen trnly three: ( Aids. Beriand, Nolan, and McKinnon) are qualified to be nominated, the others having ne glected to pay their sanitary fees seven dear (Jayg before the day of nomination. . Bather ah uqdigpi; fied position for an alderman to find himself in!—"Argus." Judging by reports, the late storm was very severe down south. The Hawkesbury was heavily flooded, much damage being done. Along the South Coast, rjght down to Bega, there were heavy falls of rain with cyclonic wind storms. At Berry the flood was the highest knows, the rainfall registering up to 19 inches. This is snrely a bad beginning for Wragge's drought. At a well-attended meeting re cently held not a great distance from Moree (says the Moree "News"), the chairman happened to be the proprietor of one ol the hotelB. During the evening the no-license question was discussed, and at the conclusion of the busi ness he said : "Gentlemen, I am going to shout drinks for the crowd. Hands up those who voted I no-license." To the astonishment oi the bopifape eyerv band in the meeting went up. "Well, gentle man," said the chairman, "I'll ! keep to my word—come.'* They ! went, and were led to the water trough. "There you are, gentle ! men," said the irate publican, J "help yourselves." A railway accident occurred' at i Katoomba on Friday night, where i by a horse was killed, and the sulky to which it was attached totally smashed. The owner, R. G. Gailey, a dealer, suffered & narrow escape. Gailey had his horse and sulky backed up in the railway yards, facing the lines. A train from Sydney approached, and the horse swerved right into it.: Ihe animal was dragged along for some distance, and was jambed between the train and the platform, being almost cut in two. The sulky was smashed to match wood. Galley made desperate efforts to save the; animal.but could not. HfLIOPS ATTACKS CCRED. Sufferers from bilious attacks should read this remarkable letter from Sir. Donald Coutts. of i.'ondah, Vic. "1 hare been a C'Hitirttoas sufferer from headache and 1 bili ina Tombing attacks for 25 years. Pur ing that lime 1 bare been treated by doc tor, besides u=ing all surfs of medicines that liroved scdm. Heing almost afraid j that I could nenrr be cured, I tried Cham berlain's Tablets, and can assure you that j thev completely cured me, and I feel like a new" man. I can conscientiously recom mend to ail who suffer from utoinach and iirer troubles. Sold eretjutfcere. 