 SHEISMS. The Denmcii's Dettnl— sawbones' Soiree— Various ceraplaints cecbsEre Critics- JuvcaHe Flog Flop— The Poato— Ladies at j ISc'Ol'sc— wckEc.3. a cfiocfceroat— Heitfs Hecie-Coming— Ma&iuie Slop's sena-drr —senatorial sites— Port's PeraffiMlatfoKs — Bravo Bacemaa — Louises i Literature. j | (BY JOHN SMITH'S SISTER.) ' ' Our new Governor-General, Lady Den 1 £nan, and suite of three — Mr. Vernon, 'Captain Stewart Richardson, and Captain Watting — attended by Air. Attorney-Gen* / fecal. 'Billy' Hugiie®, as rep::«entative of I the Federal Government, arrived from j; {Melbourne on Saturday by the express, Y . end have taken up their abode at tbe ACacquarie-street mansion. Miss Queenie , vuitk accompaniea j^acy jjrmman, uie little Desmans (Tommy and Judy), Major jQuitter, Captain Sir Walter and Jjady JBarttelot, arrived in Sydney on Thursday. In honor of the arrival of the Demnans, I „ the State Government hung -some bunting send ffloral decorations on the railway Fta tion/and provided the usuai .military guard 6f Iionor. The Lieutenant-Governor, Sir ^William Cullen, met the new vice-regals tbe station, and tendered the paw of [welcome. Premier McGowen and menu toers* ol the Ministry were also there with simitar peaceful Intentions. - Altogether, the welcome was a soothing function, and 1 the ladies of the party were loaded with ! flowers, as usual. The general public did j not stake any alarming interest In the - **we&6me,' but then the general public ] fas |somet2dng else to do on Saturday j jborsinss. The first levee will be held i ? i: ? ? _i on Monday morning at 12 o'clock, at j Government House. I The UOTmans are going to spend some money on Society frivols. On Friday, Sep tember 29, there is to be &? ball, another on October 2, amd a garden party for the odds and ends and unconsidered trifles on October. 2, and, .so that the Yarraites will not be jealous, they are told that three stmilar sprees will be given to them during Cup time — balls on November 6 and 8, and a garden party on November 10. However; Sir William and Lady Cullen are starting the Spring frivols with a garden party at 'Cra® brook' on Tuee- - day, when the new. vice-regals are ex- j peeled to make toeir social -debut. j During the 'week, sawbones, microbe* - Investigators,* and pain-eradicators have I been arriving ifcn Sydney from all points of the compass, and on Saturday opened their congress In the Town-hall, Tm told that It is eighteen years since a medical , congress wa£ held in this city, so I plead guilty to knowing nothing about the talk- ; (eg capabilities of the last one. Of course, . the medicoes will discuss all the ills flesh is .heir to, all the new cures, all the new aches acid 'fttees,' but all the discussions i will not be purely scientific. There wlU j be & proposal to aboHsh all hospital fees, J each patient— except In the case of ac- [ cident— signing a declaration that he or ' she is not In & position to pay for treat- . ment. By some such means the medicoes hope - to shame well-to-do people into ? paying full fees at private hospitals, in- ; stead of taking* advantage of public hos pital treatment and paying a little weekly. This . Is all very fine and large from the point of view of the doctors, especially us many of them have killed the goose who laid the golden eggs by sending in a bill as long as a pelican's, and, in ad dition, there are nurstp' wages. Few people can afford to be ill in these days of specialists and trained nurses. How ever, the doctors only propose; the , Government disposes. j All the time will not be taken up discussing diseases and finances. The Government will entertain the Congress at a harbor picnic, there will be a recep iJon at the Town-hall on Tuesday night with both food and music on the menu, a garden party at 'Yarolla,' in addition to Uie one at 'Cranbrook,' luncheons and tea-parties galore. After the congress and , nprees, there will be a week at Jenolan to ( recuperate before tbe Spring races. Just now there Is an epidemic of neural «jic pains in the head and ear-ache flying rouaid. Perhaps such Is the aftermath of the ''flu,' or perhaps 'Inclement' Wragge is responsible. That celebrity blew into Sydney recently with a number of cyclones fliat he had named 'Wade,' , 'Willis,' and 'McGowen,' and mystified us considerably. After wading through para graphs of delightfully intellectual stodge, I realised that Clement was serious, and not making jokes on the political puddle. As so many people were suffering neural gic agonies, it was satisfactory to learn that 'the conjunction of the 'Wade,' 'Willis,' and 'McGowen' winds was bad for persons suffering from nerves. Alas! Clement did not inform us how to get rid of the neuralgia and ear-ache and tooth ache — Jie simply stated the cause. At the | risk of being told that I am growing j ancient and losing my hearing, I plead . q-uilty to the middle complaint, and would } ike to know if it is necessary for my j osomplete recovery to annihilate Wade, i Willis, and McGowen — or only Wade, or j only Willis? Among the sufferers from ear-ache was j Madame NellJe Melba. That lady was so I indisposed that she coulJ not sing on [ Friday night, so the dainty Uttle Russian, j Mdlle. Axarlne made her real debut as j Mimi in MLa Boheme.' She has a sweet j lyric soprano voice, looked the character, I and acted well. Still, she is not Melba. Rather a trial for any girl songstress to make her bow In such a role after Melba; people are apt to make odious comparl* sons, and our Nellie is oai the top of the wave of popularity at present. Mrs. John McCormack is also on the sick Hat. She is in Lewis ham hospital, where a slight operation was performed on her nose last Tuesday, and she is pro gressing satisfactorily. Mr. Langford Kirby 3s to be reckoned among the indisposed. That humorous gentleman finished his contract with the 1 J. C. Williamson firm last week, and in- ! tends spending the next few months : among the pure merinos in search of ; health, before leaving for Fogtown and j George Edwardes. | Speaking of Meteorologist Wragge re- I minds me that that gentleman's wife is a ? Hindoo lady- She resides at Auckland , with their small son. Perhaps? that ex- j plains why he mixes up 'the flight of a ? soul' and other quaJnt relfgiocs beliefs with his talks on astronomy and winds ; and cyclones. j The Spring weather, or the Spring beer, ] or something, must have got Into the ; head of the 'Bully' musical critic. Fol- ; lowing the example of the 'Bun,' he al ludes to Aiei-oa, ine greatest lyric soprano and the acknowledged world's prima donna, as 'Australia's greatest songs tress.' One can forgive such ignorance in the ''Sun.' hut such bad bloomers in the cocksure 'Bully' cause one to laff. Also the remark that Melba in too plump and, healthy for the role of Mimi, as were also Amy Castles and Bel Sorel, is very wide of the mark. Neither Amy Castles nor Belle Sorel played in 'T^a Boheme.' The only Mimi we've had prior to Melba was Signorlna Bassich, of the Italian . Opera Company, who was small, thin, and dark Amy and Bel may have died as Butterfly, but as that character commits 'hari-kari,' there is no necessity for the players of the role to be thin and emaci ated. What some alleged critics don't know about grand opera and singers would fill several books. I struck this literary pearl in the 'Bun,' and haul it out of its shell for the edification of actresses. Some alleg ed girls are objecting to the mythical Valerie Desmond's opinions of Sydney women, and, in the puerile screed it is thus written: — Owing to the heat we are compelled to use just a little. pow- der to keep our complexions from burn ing, and also for coolness. But paint is out of the question. On one or two occasions halve we seen girls painted, but only those of the lower classes and actresses.' Doubtless stage ladies ol' all degree, beginning with Melba and Miss Irving, and finishing with the legs of the ballet, will be charmed to find that they rank after the 'lower classes' In some people's opinion. . j Parliament took a -half-holiday bn ! Wednesday to witness the school chil- ; dren's display at the Sydney Cricket j Ground. A wandering tourist once said j that every day that was not & holiday in Australia was a race day, and now j that I've found our legislators giving ] themselves the day off in order to watch ! the youngsters wave flags, I'm satisfied j that one excuse is as good as any other. \ goca &«u mue uaavb: rancy fa. r- ? ! 1 lament adjourning so that our law . makers may attend a youngsters' treat! {. ? ? . ♦ It oertsinly was a pretty sight, some 7000 children, dressed in all the colors ' of the rainbow, grouping themselves in \ the shape of a Crown and the letters G. and R. on the green . grass carpet. ' Thanks to their parents, .the youngsters j wore dressed for their ? -parts — their i clothes transforming them into sap- - phires, emeralds, rubies, diamonds,' or the particular portion of George'a golden lid that they were chosen to represent At a signal, each child -waved one flag — the Union Jack — In the air with ' their right hands, and the band played 'God Save.' The children gave three cheers right off their little chests. Then another signal, and the 7000 waved another ljag — the Australian ensign — with their left hands. Then another signal, and they wave-S both arms together, the -band playing 'Rule Britannia' for all it was worth. There were about 15,000 chil dren present altogether, and about 20,000 spectators, including Lady Cullen, Mr. McGowen, and other State members of Parliament. In addition %o the dis plays, the children had other amusements —running races, dancing jigs, reels 'and flings, tor prizes, and also maypole dances. ? * , ? Altogether, the youngsters had a good time, and there Is no doubt that they, are well drilled and nimble dancers, if they aren't scholars. Mr. McGowen was : delighted, - and declared that the sight ; was a magnificent one,, and; better .than anything he had seen diirlhg his . visit to Fogland. He had seen a great school 1 display at Islington, when he presented - Frlnoess Henry of Battenberg - with a' 1 flag, and made a few remarks to the! ' cHlldren, but as the weather was wet and drizzling, and the children looked poor, and were not dressed in costume, the function was not as happy as the Sydney one. I hardly know what to say about the ' political pantomime at Parliament House i —one likes to entertain a little respect I for ancient institutions. You've heard the expression, 'See Naples and die'' — well, hear Mr. Speaker Willis drawl out 'Aw — aw — aw — der' every ten seconds, and then explode on the doormat. I''ve never heard anything like it before. It's a cross between the moan of an unhappy poddy call and the wail of a banshee. As the sound of it fractures the atmos phere, the galleryites rock with laugh ' ter, and the squeaks of hilarity make the portraits of old Parkes and Robert | son fown. On Wednesday night somebody drew attention to something that appeared in the 'Herald' respecting the Speaker's treatment of Mr. Wade, and one legisla tor. suggested that they should 'fire the ?xierald's1 reporters out of the gallery.' i The press boys, scenting an adventure, ' brightened up considerably. I guess some of them would Jiave enjoyed be- 1 Ing 'dred out.' But the Speaker took! no notice, except to murmur that some | people might find themselves in trouble i for contempt. So I hope I can't be le- 1 gaily hanged, or smacked, or fired out I for criticising the milk-and-watery 'Aw — aw — aw — der.' | ! * ? ? ; Parliament having taken the after- 1 j noon off to attend the dog fight — I mean I the school children's sports — there was I 'a great crowd of femininity waiting to, j get into the gallery. At half-past 6 per- I mission was given, and the crowd of I i petticoats — perhaps it would be more correct to say skirts, for, judging by ; their figures, many of them indulged in no petticcats — rushed through tho cor ridor and up the steps like a crowd of Sydney people charging the free buffet at a public function. Wragge's- torna does were not in it for noise, push, and general scatter. Those who got in flrst took the front seats, of course, and the majority took off their hats, making themselves very much at home, and chewed lollies while waiting for the ora tory to begin. I noticed that the prevailing tint of the front row hair was eighteen carat, so evidently cedar brown hes gone out of fashion. The second row did not take their chapeaux off, though several of them were as large as a racecourse, and quite blocked thv view of the third row, who stood on the seats of the vel vot-upholstered chairs, so that they would not miss the fun. Late comers pushed in any old place, elbowing through the crowd rudelj*. I quite un derstood why one old dame in a brown hat had two hatpin-? sticking C inches through each side of her hat. One would have liked to be a porcupine under such squashy circumstances. Everybody talked, gigglea, and shuffled about, nnd when the debate wnxed fierce I saw one damsel in tho second row jump on to the seat of her chair, then put one foot on to tho back rail of the chair in front, and balance herself, so that she could see who was speaking be- 1 neath. I found myself wondering if the j Liberals would lose their woeful ex- / pjessions should she overbalance and turn a somersault on l!m floor of the : chamber, and r-n- really surprised that ' some of the pushing damsels did not sit on the front row of the gallery and dangle their legs over. j And why will women walk about with | a lot of fireirons dangling from their . o tfrnAc : ; h silver chatelaine, but their metal jin- i gle, so redolent of Peter Bowling's leg- 1 irons, is not a pleasing accompaniment .to. a speech — even a cheap politician's speech. ? ? ? I notice that Mr. Speaker Willis has ! issued some new orders, Strangers are ? to be addressed civilly, but not fnroll- j iarly, and no liquor Is ifo be served them ; in the waiting room while the House is | sitting. And no loiterers are to be en- j couraged. With all due respect, I spb- i mit — to quote the crushed Mr. Wood, from.Bcga, 'that be might draw up a few for the better regulation of the : ladies' gallery. For instance,' ,- . Ladies will not stand on the chairs. I lAdie.4 must not stand on the backs ? { of the chairs in front. | Ladies must not point with skinny or ! podgy digits at honorable members sit- ] ting on the Opposition .benches. The Opposition is not handsome, but it can not help its collective face, and its gruel has a very nasty burnt taste at vrcsont. Ladies must not chatter during the debate. Neither should they chew rock, j-attle their geegaws, and rustle news papers. Late comers should not push in and stand up in front of those who have come earlier, and secured seats. * * * None of these rules can be considered very arbitarary. The country has a right - ? to expect that the females who attend 1 ' the ladles' gallery at Parliament House should be as well-behaved as the people ' who attend a 3d picture show. I don't i i know who is responsible for all the free | and-easv vulgarity I witnessed at Par- i ! liament House, but I guess it is time a : I 'chucker out' was appointed to -keep ' ; ofttor in the gallery that is sacred to my l sex. | * * ? Douglas Mawson is in luck. Mr. Mc I Gowen has promised to give him £7000 [ towards his Polar picnic, and Mr. Fisher ; has promised to give him another £6000. ! Premier McGowen explains that Maw \ son's is the first Australian Polar expe ! dition as an excuse for his liberality I j with the taxpayers' money. '' ? * ? [ ? Professor Marshall Hall came over , from Melbourne to hear the Melba Grand Opera Company. The Professor, who rjins a conservatorium of musdc on his own. fcas written an opera, which will be staged In Melbourne in a few months. The onera and atmosphere are Australian, and Its name 'Stella.' Roslna Buckmaan is to sing the principal soprano role. Esta D'Argo, who was Hetty Holroyd ten years ago, before she went to foreign lands to make a name for herself, is due here on Tuesday, and will camp at tae Australia Hotel. Her friends have ar ranged a formal welcome for her at the ?railway station, and on the 22nd of this month a reception will be given by. the various musical societies. Miss D'Argo's first concert occurs at the Town-hall next Saturday night. Mr. Ben Davies, the - famous tenor, Is a Joint star In the con- ! oert combination, and Mr. Edward Goll 1 te the pianist. Though the musical are busy welcoming concert stars, they do not forget to speed ; the parting ones. Madame SlapofCskl Is | preparing for a trip to London at the end of the year, and a farewell concert, is being arranged for her benefit. Her ad mirers met at the 'Stralia to discuss pre liminaries. As Madame 'Slap' has ever bfeen to the front when her services were solicited in sweet charity's name, it Is to. be hoped her benefit Trill be a bumper one. Fancy Thomas Kingston dead! Mr. WII liamson has announced the sad event, so there can be no doubt about It. Thomas, whom we all loved and appreciated, whether he played Parsifal the 'Simple and Pure or the bad bold hero in 'The Girl of the Golden West,' was a hand some man, and only 4$ years old. His correct name was Shipwright, but his paternal progenitor did not build ships, but was a wealthy London hairdresser. Mr. Kingston was supposed to be wealthy. His wife, who accompanied him the first time, when he came to Australia twelve years ago with the Nance O'Neill company, was Adeline de Lara, the famous pianist. There were two sons of the marriage. The engagement is announced of Max Maxwell's widow. Number two elect is George Porteus— also in the profession, 1 believe. Max, .who died from appendicitis, left an estate worth a thousand or so. The will was proved a few months ago. Even an accident has its compensations. Sir 'Garge' Reld's doctor has realised to allow him to attend the Anti-Alcoholic Conference at' the Hague. Imagine our great diner-out' being expected to de« nounce the champagne when it was amber! My sex Is becoming so strenuous that 1 feel I am a freak or a fossil. For in stance, there are three ladles — Mesdames Dwyer, McNamara, and Beddle — who are aspiring to the Senate. To be sure, there is nothing strenuous about the Senate— a woman could snooze there qulte-ais well as a man — but the getting there . entails a bit of work and ,,worry. However, the strenuous three 2»ve sent in .their names as candidates for the Senate in the Labor cause, and will- talte their chance with the 27 mere men who have similar ambi tion. A ballot will be token later on. Then there Is Mrs. ? Park, who walkefl over from Melbourne. She took five weeks to do the Job, and Is in time - for the Spring meeting. The lady did not explain whether she tvas afraid to trust her precious energetic body to the care of the Victorian railways— they have so many accidents down .there that there may be method in her madness. She just men tions that she loves walking, and did the .stroll on a diet of cereals, egga and cream, with 'olive oil and. w^ter as stimulants Mrs. Park is the mother ol ten children, also a, grandmother, so she , , is no spring chicken, and tJhere .is every excuse for her . feeling so pleased with i i hezself for making a record of 30 miles I per day. After such a feat, the old lady Ol -4 wno cut a oacis wow tutty take a back seat. ' ? ? ? And there is another lady — Mrs. Bate man, of Rose Bay. Recently she pre- ; sented her spouse wifib triplets. ? On the last occasion the achievement was only : -twins, so the lady- has evidently taken | ' the scoldings of Mr. .Octavlus - Beale rc the low birthrate to heart. Arid I reckon j I it is up to the Government to hand the lady some, token' of its appreciation. If i they can give the 'Mawson picnic £7000, : they should at least give Mrs. Bateman— I never was good at multiplication. I In Merrie 'England, good old mother is ] havang a busy time. The schoolboys arc ( on strike — want, less cane and fewer les- ' sons and a few pther triiles— and' mother j and her slipper appear to have .taken a j prominent part in the quelltng of the dls- j turbance. And, as an antidote to the j hustling life of the sex that 'is supposed t to be the weaker, there is the case of the French vin^-dresser, who has just woke J up after sleeping for eix months. Talk j about the sleeping beauty! The _ champion snoozer has been -fed dally with five pints j of milk, so liis complexion should be just j ripping. .... - I * , ? ?- Should think that .the -memoirs ot I Louise,, ex-Crown Princess, of Saxony, i lady, who was supposed to have eloped with her son's tutor, M. Glron,' In 1902. .was the mother of six children. There is some doubt about the elopement— sh« may simply have bolted to escape being locked up in an asylum by her rfather-ln-law. Anyhow, she married fiddler -Enrico Tos elli, in 1907, and has since applied for a divorce from Jiim.- A few months- ago her first huefoand, the Crown Prince, arranged^ for her to Hve' with ' her''- mother, the' Dowager Grand Duchess of Tusrany. Tho memoirs are 'printed in English, so there should be ample' material .for some nep*. comic operas. Comic opera, like panto mime, must have a princess. - 