 A WEATHER PROPHET. I LANDED in the city with threeand sixpence in assorted coins, a small brown paper parcel in my hand, and a large-sized despair in my. heart. I knew no one, no oke knew me, and I could see from a brief glanco round that most of tho people were far too - busy to stop ana niaw; my aftce. The most desolate place in the ; world is that where the largest number of people are. in the biggest . hurry. Never was: I more desolate than when I ' strolled round the' - streets and squares I of the city of Raleigh in the pelting rain. Raleigh is a beautiful city. Its founders s spared neither effort nor money in their ! i attempt to make the place take its true v rank among the capitals of Australasian 5 states. . . 'Its parks are superb, its raonu - ments miracles o£ artistic skill, its i buildings wear, an, air of originality ;and j i dignity. The spires of its' churches soar 5 heavenward, the clang of its tram-car bells has in it the divine music of pro ? gress. Its citizens are proud men. All this I have learned since. Whenj I first became acquainted with it I was chiefly impressed, wiith the boisterous, nature of its 'wind, the peculiar wetness of its rain, an& the sterling quality, of its mud. ' , ? v *'? /.? . ?? ' ' Star! ' ' ' Star !/? ;: Evening paper! '... _ ' Out of my capital of threeand°:x pence I purchased a copy of the sheet, ' and, wrapping my, mackintosh aboutme, : sat down on awet;and shiny bench in tho park to read it..' I saw that Britain had declared war on Greenland, and that Ireland had been submerged three feet deep under a/ tidal wave; buj^these tilings had no- /real interest for/^i'e. ? I r|ad of an expedition fitted oi^by the Chartered Fishing Company ofg^fUcutta tgjj extract train-oil from the sea^sgljpcnts ofl the Indian' Ocean; II saw that 'k^u,T% liiul been discovered for cancer by rub biiig pineapples dipped in tallo ws on ache afflicted parts but I was in n^s^fc.i§i; need of train-oil, and was. not just ther£ suffering from cancer, so I turned over tiio wet and clinging paper in search of news of a- more' thrilling nature. * . . 'Hot pies, twopence- each!' I read.' That was certainly information of a more . valuable kind; but- I calculated, that as the paper, had already cost me. a penny, the vdlU'e of a' pie by the time I had eaten :it *. would be really three pence. I turned the proposition down as one suggestive ' of 'frenzied finance, and read on in the hope of finding some thing ?; that might afford more genuine excitement. Here it was at-last:-^— - ??? WANTED. — An experienced me teorologist, to report and prognosticate | the weather for a morning paper. f: I sprang up at the news, and felt a new life and . vigor ruri/ through my ; frame. ;-Her.e...'was the very .work: for .me. Prognosticate the' weather? By the feel ing oi my macKini.usii . x snuuiu think I could. I sought the office of I that daily paper. * ?# ? I secured the appointment. . The edi tor, convinced that I was more than the rival of Clement Wragge, although un known to fame, engaged me on the spot, promised . me a salary of twenty-five -. shillings a week, and advanced me half a-sovereign to purchase a set of in struments. ? That evening ' I examined the direc tion of the wind and the appearance of the clouds from - the top of High-street, and addressed 'a man who looked . like a sailor on the ?? important topic, of next day's weather. ' Going to have more rain,' I - re marked in the carelcss, easy - tone natural to the owner of twelveahd fivepence. ' (1. had ; previously purchased a shilling's worth of hot food to, the I enormous satisfaction of my inner na il ture.) ?: ' . . ' | 'Yes,' said the man who looked like I a sailor but wasntt, 'more rain, more I grass.' - And i heL laughed : the inane I laugh of , the '??born'-- humorist. * ' I ' Does- it always rain, here?' I- asked. I ' Oh, no,' he said;; 'there 'are fine I days now and again, but the dry week | we had three months ago burnt every - I thing up badly. We need more rain I yet. Iff- hardly gone three inches into ? the ground.' f I should have thought the rain of that ; afternoon must have gone about sixty J feet into the ground; but the man evi dently knew. - ? - ' ) I went to a boarding-house, borrowed a sheet of paper, and wrote my first meteorological report: TO-DAY'S . WEATHER.— Heavy wind from between north and south, with much rain from the east, and rough seas on the west coast. The rain will be wetter than any previ ously experienced, and will sink about twenty-four inches into the ground. There will bo a severe shipwreck at four o'clock. . I knew that the last item was de cidedly risky; ; bu,t fate befriended ine. The weather was exactly as I said it would be. The shipwreck came off to the minute. 1 I regret to; say that some lives we're lost,- but I could - not be held responsible for that. The delighted edi tor advanced me another ten shillings to perfect my . meteorological appliances. My name ' was noised . abroad on the trumpet of fame, and the circulation of the paper doubled. .? - ; In the next issue I risked trie prophecy of a fine day. The morning looked dull and heavy; but my luck held. By ten o'clock the sun was -shining in cloudless splendor. .The next day and the next I was right, and, although for the whole succeeding fortnight I was . invariably wrong, nothing could shake the faith of the people in rny prognostications. ' Then I tried a bold stroke for endur ing fame. The weather had grown bitterly cold. I had foretold rain, but none had rcome. Ar^heavy mantle of grey cloud hung' ovIr. the city.-^«riskeS;-a great prjop.heicy* ' !§p - DAY% iLwbX|her; — ^-H'eay-- first time in tiie'-romembrance 6fe-.the ^ij&lfiest citizen, therewill be a consider * Kble fall ''of' '?.,;snoTy;;;;in rRaleigli. 'The snow will be followed by much mud. i'-Sl'^^pnder that I survived the glory of that day. The snow began to fall at 12 o'clock,' and by 3 in?:tlie afternoon there, was more mud in .the streets of Raleigh than .the gentlemen ' of ? the Liberal party could -throw -in six months, r Kv My salary was now ^raised, and I was invited to give a lecture on my art. at the Town Hall. I was the most admired man in Raleigh, and, 7 take it all in all, I' think I had the easiest job. But a time of retribution came. For weeks I could not get the weather right. I am convinced now that I made my great^mistake in trying to study the sub ject... I should have kept on trusting to luck. . In despair, after many repeated failures, I took to writing reports of which the following is a fair sample: — TO-DAY'S WEATHER.— Wind be tween north and south. Heavy rain, alternating with summer showers, and bright sunshine. Dusty streets. Light breezes, interspersed with cyclones. Much mud. Some sea on the coast: A report like that was bound to be right in some particular. Th3 sea, at any rate, was always right. In September I met Alice. ' She was, an heiress of considerable possessions, and an intense admirer of genius. Above all things else, she was interested in knowing how the weather reports were done. When the warm springtime came round, X instructed her on moon lit nights from the terrace in front of] her house. I had now an office next to 'the edi tor's, opening upon the balcony of the. second floor. My instruments were set up' on the balcony, except the decanter and glasses, which stood on the inner table. The greatest^ personages in Ra Uigh itsed to drop in to see me and I was always treated with 'the. marked deference which merit in the long run must win. , - ' Notwithstanding all these outward signs of prosperity, I was aware as the happy Christmas season drew near, that my laurels were becoming somewhat ? tarnished. V Tlie 'editor hinted that the manager -had noted a slight falling-off in subscriptions and sales. X must do Something to save the paper and my own reputation. '. Alas! '-Luck seemed to have deserted me. I predicted a terri ble thunderstorm,, and it failed to put in an appearance. I ti'ied another ship wreck, and the' sea was as. smooth as glass.' What was I to do ? Another week of, such failures would make me the laughing-stock of the city. On the day before Christmas eve I visited Alice, and was rejoiced to find that there was still one person who had unbounded faiith in me. ? „ ' Miss Mavis,' I said, ' you will have noticed that I am downcast and sad.' 'I have noticed it, Mr. Billings, and. I am so sorry. Is there anything I can do to cheer you and chase, away, your gloom?' She rose from her seat, and went towards the piano; but I knew that com fort was not to be found in that instru ment and groaned aloud. Alice looked all sympathy. Her large, soft eyes dwelt 'in untterable tenderness on me. Again I groaned. 'Miss Mavis,' I said, 'this poor, poor world of ours is only a thin crust of green and azr.ro 'trembling between the upper and nether void.' She drew a chair close to mine, and gazed with the rapt attention of one who is about to be initiated into mys teries almost too deep and dread for mortal ear. 'The- terrible truth I have hidden from them, hidden from all, but I can not hide it from you. I have written alarming reports of the weather though I well knew . *hat there was no danger. It was my hope that the failure of my repeated prophecies* might give them heart. Alas! Poor humanity!' I was deeply moved, and she saw it and drew her chair nearer. ' Alas! . Poor humanity !' I repeated. ' Noah was saved; , but who is to be the Noah of this generation?' White to the lips, she gazed at me in silence. 'It' 'may not happen,'. I went on, ' there is always a cliance, a -possibility, a frail hope that' it' may not happen;' but all the appearances favor it. Uranus is'out of his course: Neptune, inclines on .his . orbit ;: there is an . irregular - move ment aniopg the Asteroids.' - I had^risen from, my seat and begun to pace the room ; but I came back and stood by Alice. - 'Miss Mavis,' I said solemnly, ' can you bear the truth?' .She faltered. a trembling 'yes.' My voice 'became hollow and-? sepulr chral with the weight of 'the . tidings I felt forced to convey. . . . ' Miss Mavis,' I said, ' the . .appear ances all point to the destruction of the world within a' fortnight! ' I sank .into my chair and covered, my face with my hands. — 'Ob, I cannot 'bear it!' I cried^, sud- denly. 'I must speak all that is in my ?heart. Alice, I love' you ..as my;, own soul. I have dreamt day -'arid night of calling you my own — my wife.- . My posi tion is' not a lucrative one, I have no warrant- for. thus declaring myself; but what are - wealth and . station in a lost and ruined world? -Let us meet the end together. Be mine, if only for one short week. Let us be married to-morrow that we may be strong to face the com ing darkness.' She' rose' from her seat, and, with: .a little' cry tottered into my arms.' . ' Our silence was more eloquent than words.' Hand ..clasped in hand, we ; re-; -solved to face whatever of terror or hor ror the great forces of the Universe had in store for poor lost humanity. * * .# And that night I sent in my report: : .' TO-DAY'S WEATHER. — ' Bright morning with fleecy clouds and a pleasant breeze. Sunshine all the after noon. Fine sunset. Good sea. And it was so. DAVID McKEE WRIGHT. 