 NOTES ON CURRENT EVENTS. The last issue of the 'Government Gazette' contains a series of by-laws and regulations which snould be of interest to travellers. Here is one which a good manj travellers would no doubt like to see en forced : — .'No person shall give or offer a gratuity to any employee of the Chief Com missioner under a penalty not exceeding two. pounds.' All the same, not one man in twenty hurrying to secure 'corner seat in smoking car, back to engine,' would have the hardihood to evade payment of the customary tip. ' w ff * More to the purpose, and assuredly much more necessary is the following: — 'It shall not be lawful for any passenger- to take possession of the seat in a railway carriage of any other passenger- who has been oc cupying such seat, and who has tempor arily left the carriage for refreshments or other purposes. Any person so offending, and refusing to ncive up the seat -to' the previous occupant, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding two pounds.' Under the terms (of this regulation a passenger mnv safely vacate his seat for a. few minutes without having to contest the claim of somebody who has 'jumped it,' and is possibly prepared to defend the claim by a resort to fisticuffs. Hencefor ward the passenger will be able ? to shunt responsibility ifoi) any demonstration of force, on to the car conductor. « » ?» * Two scientists in London have been con ducting investigations for the purpose of determining the value of different foods for the prolongation of human life. Both are believers in thoroxigh mastication. One holds that no ment should be eaten. The other pins his faith to 'frugality and sour milk.' I've known a lot of chaps who've had to be 'frujral,' and in summer timo most of us have to put up with sour milk in the evening, but so far there are no centenarians among my acquaintances. Anyhow, if q^q hus to forswear for ever p, nice /fillet steak properly grilled, life ?would hardly be worth living. it « * ? ?* Mr. , Wragge is setting a bad example ?with his dreadful weather predictions, and a number of amateur meteorologists are trying their hands at the same game. From ; time to time one favours me with a fore- ; -cast. Here is a sample. The prophet, ' writing in September, said: — 'For October , there will be great cyclonic disturbances, j Great hail and thunderstorms; terrific '? lightning. Widespreading rain and j floods!' Now, seeing that not a drop of [ rain fell until the last day' of October, and then a bare half inch, there is probably not much cause for anxiety in this- gen tleman's further prediction: — 'Great heat wave,this summer 1912 a drought, and the beginning of bad seasons/' i ° * * * « Farmers and graziers will be glad to learn that there is a remedy for the cater pillar pest. You have only to catch half a dozen of the insects, and give them a good feed of lettuce leaves. This diet brings on cholera of an infectious type. ~ You then turn the infected caterpillars loose in the mob, and widespread mor tality will be the more or less immediate result. The plan is simple, but there are Bome trifling difficulties in matters of de tail. A visitation of caterpillars generally means pretty rapid destruction of garden or vineyard. 'Whilst you are feeding up the sample caterpillars, and even for some time after, the main army will be getting in its deadly work. May it not be that a heavy roller would prove more effective? * # ~ * * The dematiu for ' 'preference to union N. Ssts' got a bit of a set-back at the Boothby election. It was: about time. Some very enthusiastic unionists are, it seems, now disposed; to question the right of a free labourer to ride on the State railways. The other day a man entered a suburban train near Melbourne, when a unionist caught sight of him and began at once to make 1;_ 'Unkind remarks, which subsequently led to V1 Iris appearance as defendant in a police '- ,, court. -According to the complainant, de ,?' fendant said:— 'Every ? scab should be ' '? Bhot.' Later^ as witness was leaving the. carriage at Yarraville, . defendant said to * his companion, 'Don't forget to stand the ? — — on his ? head.' The defen dant denied, all this, but an incredulous and unsympathetic Bench fined him 40/ for his little pleasantry. * * * * - An interesting piece of information was afforded at the last meeting of the Albury branch of the Farmers and Settlers' Asso ciation. It appears that it is not per missible for live stock to cross the- Murray by punt at Wagra, because Wagra is not . a recognised crossing place. Seeing that there is no other place within scqres of miles whereat facilities are provided for crossing, this seems rather hard on owners and drovers. There is, however, no diffi culty in obtaining a. permit to swim over the river, so that anyone with a mob of cattle can easily overcome- the difficulty by driving the stock into the waters—if they choose — alongside the punt. I think it - was Dan O'Connell who claimed to be able to drive a coach and' four through any Act of Parliament. There is consequently no cause for surprise over the discovery of a method for bullocking a mob of short horns through the regulations of the Stock Department. « « # * A happy illustration of the phrase, 'Wolves in sheep's clothing' — founded, ? by the way, on a Scriptural passage — was afforded the other day in Sydney. A 'two-lip' school was engaged in its stu dies, remote, as the scholars believed, from police observation, when a flock of sheep happened along, followed by the drover's. cart garnished with ^ billies, frying pans, and other ornamentation, and bear ing traces of old repairs effected with green hide and fencing wire. The scholars made way for the sheep, a compliment which was not returned, for when a small mob of sturdy constables emerged from the cart, the nusty comebacks barred the ?way of escape, and many of the school 'were captured. The deceitful action of the police in this matter cannot be too strongly condemned. If an innocent flock of sheep is not to be trusted, in whom, or in what, can an innocent student place confidence ? . « # * . » The return of the Liberal candidate for the Boothby election, by a majority of 2600 votes is a significant sign of the times. It is worthy of note that the battle was fought out. mainly on the question of preference to unionists, and on this point the Federal Government sustains a very severe set-back. The most significant feature of the contest, however, lies in the faot that Boothby is the best organised district in South Australia, both by the Liberal and Labour party. That is to say, ♦ for once the two parties met on equal terms. The Labour electors, of course, are always organised, but this time tho Libe rals were also in training, and hero is the result.' At last election Labour won by 4000 votes. This year, although the Prime Minister came to' the aid of his follower, Labour was beaten by 2628 votes. What has been accomplished at Boothbv may be done in other places if tho Liberals choose ^ to work. # * -H Ji- lt may have been noticed by some readers of this column that I am not on all points mute in agreement with tho single tn.xors. ? It is all the more satisfactory to discover that there are sonip questions on which I can heartily agrees with them. Here is one. At tho last meeting of the Executive Pounce of tho Sydney Single Tax League, the following resolution was carried iuia- i nimously : — 'That the Sydney Single Tax League enters its most emphatic protest j against the imposition by the M'Gowen i Government of an increased income tax | and the re-imposition of the stamp diities, j believing that these ta-xes will have one effect only^— to tax labour, and place a serious burden upon trade and industry.' The single taxers in this respect are un doubtedly on the right track. The Labour people have an idea that these charges will fall on capital alone, but no greater mis take could be made. In some form or other nine-tenths of the impost will be 'passed on' to the worker. * * ? * * . It is the minor troubles of life that worry. The ''other day a cha.p that owed me half-a-crown (borrowed money) got blown up in a gunpowder factory in Chi cago, having left Australia many years ago in order to rise in the world, and inside of 48 hours the whole affair had gone out of my mind. On Wednesday an incident really less serious in character, formed the subject of a.unoyance which bids fair to last for a fortnight. I bought a tin of boot polish, and prior to putting in an ap pearance at a tea-meeting, I proposed raising an extra superfine lustre on my balmorals. The opening of the tin was a necessary preliminary, and here came in the annoyance. I tried to open it with my fingers, but whilst the lid would not come off, several of the nails on my left hand, and the thumbnail of the right, proved less obdurate. A sardine tin opener in the same connection proved quite unreliable, and a final resort to- the toma hawk was responsible for the singular resemblance of my left thumb to a' ripe tomato. Now, there's a moral in all this. People before now have made heaps of money out of small inventions calculated to make life easier for the common man. Here is an opening for the clever mechanic. Assuredly there is a fortune awaiting the first man who patents and puts .on the market a tin of boot -polish that can be opened, without special mechanical . ap pliances, or the employment of language ? subsequently to be regretted. » # « * A new form of outrage is reported as being common in places of public enter tainment in Sydney. Some person — it were charitable to suppose him a maniac — has -been frequenting public assemblies, and ripping up the. dresses of ladies with some sharp instrument, probably a razor. It is said that within the last few weeks the costumes of no less than fifteen ladies have been irreparably ruined in this manner. Special efforts have been put forth to dis cover the offender, but without avail, no less than five dresses having been ruined in one evening, as the report puts it, 'right under the noses of the detectives.' * » * * . It is stated that the proprietors of the public halls concerned have made good the damage done to the wardrobes of their patronesses, and have also offered a re ward for the arrest of the perpetrator of these outrages. It is to be hoped that these efforts may be successful. Offences of this eccentric character would seem to be epidemic. Similar outrages have been reported1 in other parts of the world,- in- cluding JiOS Angeles, where -the police authorities issued orders for the shooting of the ruffians on sight. The introduction of Lynch law is not perhaps desirable in the Commonwealth ? but, on the other hand, neither is the acclimatisation of this new phase of 'Jack the Ripper*' business to be tolerated ; and* if this particular offender— caught red-handed — should hap pen to encounter severe treatment from the husband, father, or brother of any of his victims, he will not meet with much sympathy at the hands of Australians. LIPPONDAIRN. Political Address. — Mr. Owen- Gilbert, ex-M.L;A. for Newcastle, will deliver an address in Alburv to-night in the interests of the Liberal party. To Contractors. — Tenders, closing on December 2, are invited for £1300 worth of road work for the- Rutherglen Shire. The Tumbarumba Shire Council calls for tenders for road work, closing on Novem ber 28. Commercial Banking Company of Syd ney.— On Monday last the Albury branch of the Commercial Banking Company of Sydney commenced operations in their fine premise's, recently acquired from the Australian Bank of Commerce, at the corner of Dean and Kiewa-streets. The banking chambers ha.ve been renovated, and externally the building is being tho roughly overhauled, this additional outlay running into £1000. The building for merly occupied by the bank will be used by Messrs. T. H. Mate and Co., who in tend fitting up several new show windows for their business purposes. Hospital Improvements.— At the meet ing of the Albuvy Hospital committee this week, the president {djly. Campbell) refer red to the alterations and' improvements being can'ied out at the hospital, which would have the effect of adding consider ably to the efficiency of the institution. The committee intended in the near future to invite the public to visit tho hospital on a Sunday afternoon, in order to seo what the committee woro doing for the sick, and how the public money was spent. He thought the public would sec that the funds were being spent to tho best advan tage-. He felt sure the Albury Town Band would on the occasion give a programme of music, I Death of a Former Albury Resident. — We regret having 'to record the sudden death on 3rd inst. of Mr. H. C. R. Smith, formerly of Mount Pleasant, and subse quently of Wodonga. Mr. Smith, will be remembered by all old residents of the district, as the capable, genial, and ener getic representative for many years of the. firm of T. H. Mate and Co. For the space of an average lifetime lie travelled Riverina in the interests of that firm, and his arri val at any Riverina station ?was always a pleasant incident in the week's experience. Some three years ago he retired from ac tive business, and has since resided with a married daughter. He was 81 years of age, and up to the date of his death, in full possession of unimpaired mental facul ties. Another Military Camp in Albury.— A special school of instruction for the train ing of candidates for appointment as war rant and non-commissioned officers on the instructional staff will be established at Albury on February 1, 1912, and will hv continued for a period of five months from that date. The attendance will be limited to 40, allotted to candidates from New South Wales (10), Victoria (9), Queens land (7), South Australia (6), Western Aus tralia. (4), Tasmania (4). An examination for entrance will be .held in each State on January 5 and 6, 1912, and applications must be made to district commandants before December 10, 1911. In the event of there not being sufficient successful can didates from any State, the nominations thus vacant will be distributed propor tionately to the other States.. Boy's Wanted— Not to be Got.— On every hand complaint is to be heard of the difficulty of finding lads for the filling of the many vacancies that exist everywhere in offices and shops. A Sydney paper de voted an article to the subject the other day, stating that formerly the advertise ments for boys required them to be smart and respectable and to furnish reference;} ; when the supply got short, would-be em ployers were content with the requirement of smartness in applicants for 'employment, but now that it' was almost impossible to obtain boys, the advertisements were silent on respectability, smartness, and re ferences—the inference being that employ ers would be glad to get any sort of boy. Testimony as to the inability of local em ployers to find boys for vacant positions — or, perhaps the disinclination of the boys to go to work — was supplied at a recent meeting of the Albury Parents and Citi zens' Association by Mr. Langley, the head master of the Albury Superior School, who said that employers were constantly apply ing to him for suitable boys from the school, but he could not meet the demand. In- some cases 20/ or 30/ per week was of fered. Still there was no response. Albury Pastures Protection Office. — At a. meeting of the P.P. board this week about an hour was spent in the considera tion of complaints regarding the heavy nature of the field duties of the stock in spector^ as a result of which ratepayers who had occasion to come to Albury to consult him in regard' to the registration of brands and other important matters had difficulty in finding him in his office. The department indicated that if the special stock duties imposed upon the inspector by reason of his office being on the border were such as to render necessary the ap pointment of an additional special officer, this would be taken into consideration. In the past no regular office hours have been observed, but, in future, to meet the public demands, tho official hours will be from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Tuesdays, Wed nesdays and Thursdays in each week. The board must see to it that the ratepayers are not incommoded, and if the field work , of the inspector is so heavy that he is con stantly called away from his office, the re quired office assistance should be supplied, in the interests of the public. The secre tary, too, is paid a salary (£85) altogether out of keeping with the importance of his duties, being the lowest salary paid to any P.P. board secretary in the State. It might not be unwise to extend both the salary and the days of office business. Sad Drowning Fatality. — A picnic party which Mr. and' Mrs. Thpmas Mills, of Albury, gave at Mungabareena reserve to a number of young people on Sunday had an extremely sad ending, when their son Charles, a youth of 19 years, lost his life in the river, There were 18 picnickers, and they picked on a beautiful spot just below the residence of Mr. W. Owen, fisher man. Four bovs of the party — Charles Mills, 19 years ; his brother Claude, aged 17; Edward Rixon, aged 14; and Otto Bockmann, aged about 14 years — entered the water not far from the camp. After they had been in for about ten minutes, Rixon and Bockmann, who could swim, swam across to the Victorian side, and on looking round saw that their comrade, Charlie, was in difficulties, having got out of his depth. The boys and a youth named Lawrence Fromholtz, who happened to be passing by, were unable to rescue .him. Claude Mills could not swim. A man named Duncan Kerr, who was on the op posite side of the river, came with a boat, and efforts were made to recover the body. Tho police were informed, and Constable Cleaver proceeded to the scene. Several others also joined in the search, but all attempts to find the body that night failed. The river is very deep whoro the fatality happened Mr. and Mrs. Mills were dis tracted at tho occurrence, and the boys concerned wore also much cast down. Mr. Mills is a drover, and his son Charles was employed at the Albury brewery. At first, - when the unfortunate boy was screaming in the water, it was thought -by some of the party on the bank that he was sky larking, and it was only when he was car ried away by the strong current that the : horrible reality of the occurrence was. grasped. The body was discovered on, Wednesday morning, 300 yards below the scene of the accident. The Bona-fide Uses of Public Hospitals. — Mr. John Campbell (president of the Albury Hospital) at the. monthly meeting of the committee on Monday night, refer red to the legitimate as opposed to the improper use of public hospitals. This sub ject has exercised the minds of various hos pital committees for some time, and Mr. Campbell thinks the time has arrived when both the medical profession and hospital committees should be protected from im position. He wished to impress upon mem bers of the committee and subscribers that they should, when giving tickets of admis sion, make inquiries as to whether or not people were in a position to pay for out side medical assistance. It was not fair to the medical men of the town to expect them to go up to the hospital and treat free of charge a man who was in a position to pay thorn. He expected the committee .-. and any other subscriber who gave a ticket of admission to tho hospital to. note this. Mr. Blacklock endorsed the remarks of the chairman. For last month they received only £30 from 30 patients. That was not 5/ per week. The president said a public hospital was not a place for a man in a. position to pay, and a man who could pay £3/3/ per weeii. should be treated privately.. The committee had to take infectious cases because no private hospital would talce them. The committee was always against having private wards where patients paid for special attention. They wanted all * patients to be treated a.likefc Corowa Electorate. — Mr. R. T. Ball, M.L.A.,.has been informed by the Railway Department, that the Chief Commissioner has approved the provision of a weigh bridge at Tootool together with extension of siding and ^tacking sites: The samj Department has written,' re a complaint in regard to supply of1: trucks for the convey ance of grain ? f rom sjtations. within that shire to Sydney, that from the 18th Octo ber to the 1st.' November inclusive, most of the trucks are requisitioned for the haul age of grain. It had to be pointed put,. that the demand on the rolling stock at the. pre sent time is heavy and in consequence of last year's wheat traffic being held up,- diffi culty had been experienced in landing sup plies at the different loading points at the time required, but the Loekhart Shire sta tions had received their share of the trades available. Referring to a letter from tK Tirana Farmers and Settlers' Associatum, asking that all leases be made available for ' settlement upon expiry, the Lands Depart ment wrote that the matter of disposing of Croyn Lands becoming available on the°ex piry of leases under which they'have besn held is receiving attention, with a view, to having such lands made available as soon as possible. A letter from residents of Days dale and Coreen had been referred: to ihn District Surveyor at Wagga Wagga for re port, asking that land in the Parish ' of Lowes be made available for workman's homes. Wool-selling After Sunset. — At the Albury Police Court on Tuesday morning last, before Mr. H. F. Roberts, P ivf the auctioneers who sold afthe recent wool sales m Albury. Were prosecuted for - fif* %iOi the-w in connection with the sales, lhe. auctioneers concerned were ?— James Row who sold for Dalgety and Co. Ltd. ; Barclay Dowhng, who sold for lounghusband, Row, and Co.. Pty. Ltd - and Henry Farrington Jackson, who sold toi Messrs James Colqunoun and Sons. In S+Va+S? °J Jame.s Row, the information bei 1911, he being then an auctioneer, duly licensed under the Act No. 4, 1898 did at the Town Hall, Albury, unlawfully put up to sell certain goods, to wit,' wool, by way of public auction, between the hours of 12 and 1.30 o'clock in the forenoon ot the said 10th day of November 1911 ' In tho cases of Barclay Dowlin' and H F Jackson, the information set fortn that they sold1 wool 'after sunset.' iur W G Henderson (Messrs. Fleming and Henderl son) who appeared on behalf of Dalcrotv and Co. Ltd., for Mr. Row, in pleading guilty, summarised the history of the wool sales in Albury. The firms engaged in the disposal of the wool had tried their utmost to have the sales effected In cTaylight How ever, every minute of davlight was wanted ,by the buyers to examine and value the wool. If the wool sales were to be held at all. it was only at night time. The firms concerned wore put in the grave position of either breaking the law or abandoning their sales. The prosecution was under an Act passed 64 years ago — in 1847. It aimed at tho prevention of dishonest Prac tices in providing that sales should be in daylight. The application . of that law to wool sales was never contemplated. Each of tile defendants was fined £2, wth 6/ costs. We understand that Mr. HoJman, State Attorney-General, has promised legis lation to relieve the auctioneers of trouble in- the future. Making Men of Them.— At tho Albury Police Court on Tuesday morning, James Clark, one of the lads who was- found guilty of disorderly conduct nt tho parade ground during instructional training about . a month ago, appeared to be dealt with bv Mr. H. F. Roberts, P.M. Clark's case had beon deferred for a month in order to ?ascertain how he conducted himself in the meantime. When ho was called, the P.M. stated that he had received a letter from - Lieut. FitaGeraldj the area officor, in. Milch, it w,as intimated that 'on tho Whole ??: . the boy's conduct had 'been good during the month.' Addressing Clark, the P.M. Said he hoped he ?would understand now that it was his duty to obey his officers, show them respect, and help them in every ?way. He would not inflict a heavy pen alty, hut ordered him to pay 1/ fine and 6/ costs. Mr. Hood appealed to his Wor ship not to inflict the fine. If the fine were inflicted it would stand as a con viction against the lad. He suggested that Clark might be dealt with as the other kds liad been treated, and let off with the payment of costs. The P.M. concurred ?with the suggestion, and said that if the costs were paid Clark could go. A Great Liberal Victory.— The election on Saturday to fill the vacancy in the Boothby (South Australia) division of the House of Representatives caused by the death of Mr. E. L. Batchelor, resulted in a substantial win for Mr. D. J. Gordon, the nominee of the Liberal Union, in a vote that must be regarded as a represen tative one, especially for a bye-election. Both the Liberal and the Labour parties had conducted a vigorous campaign, last ing over several weeks, and Mr. J. Jelly, the candidate of the latter organisation, like Mr. Gord'on, had been on trial in a former occasion, so in that respect both aspirants were on an equal footing. It ?was no secret that many supporters of the Labour pa-rty. ifelt a mistake had been mad© in the selection of a candidate who was not a resident of the division. It was hardly likelv, however, that a resident Labour candidate would on Saturday have turned the defeat into a victory. All the . conditions were favourable for heavy poll ing as a result of active canvassing by both sides, and the fact that a 52 per cent. vote was recorded must be regarded as satisfactory. This corresponds with the vote at the general election of April of last year, when Mr. Batcholor had 'as his opponent Mr. Paris Nesbit, K.C., in the Liberal interest. The final fi mires were : — D. J. Gordon (Liberal), 10,650; J. Jelley (Labour), 8,008. Majority for Gordon, 2648. Trades Union Politics. — For some years the Political Labour League of Broken Hill has been greatly dissatisfied with the arrangements that exist for obtaining the opinions of the rank and file of the league at the annual conferences. The unionists there have been complaining also that the Parliamentary representatives of the party are not men who can be expected to voice the opinions of the trade unionists. ?;' The result is that the Barrier district as sembly of the Political Labour League has sent a circular to all the unions in New South Wales asking them to reply to the two following questions :— 1. Are you in favour of the establishment of a trades union political party? _2. Are you of the opinion that the Workers' political party ehould he conducted in a democratic man ner by the use of the card system of voting at conferences. So far few of the Sydney unions have considered the circular. The Musicians' Union, however, has instructed its delegates to vote against the card sys tem. The Electrical Trades Union has in structed its secretary to reply tha tthe ?union is pledged to the constitution of the Political Labour party and cannot go out side that body. A School Effort. — The strawberry fete, ?which was held in the Botanical Gardens on Friday night in aid of the Albury Parents and Citizens' Association, was so well organised that socially and financially it proved to be the most successful effort ?the association has ever held, being at the same time responsible for a record gather ing of adults and children at the gardens,. The proceedings were enlivened by the . Town Band, and strawberries, ice creams and cool drinks were served up by a band of energetic lady workers. At the gates £14/3/8 was collected, and the booths brought in over £15. As the expenses were under -£4, about £25 will be netted for the - Christmas prize fund of the Superior Public School. The balance will be applied to the general funds of the association, or placed as the nucleus of an excursion fund. Mr. Grass, secretary of the association, threw much energy into the effort, the organi sation of which originated with and was carried through chiefly by Mesdames Lithgow, Harber, Krueger, and Hodgson. Three Bags to the Acre. — A Henty farmer assured us this week that the most that can now be 'expected from the dis trict wheat crop is three bags to the acre. In some places the return will be less. The crop ripened early, and is consequently beyond the power of being benefited by rain now. Some of the crops about Henty still look nice and green, however. Where this year's crop has suffered has been in the loss of ears, the stalks being far less weighty than last year. By far the best crops are those that have been raised on fallowed land. Fire at Alexandra Park. — As the clock struck three yesterday the lire bell rang out. The alarm was raised in respect of a grass fire which broke out on Alexandra Park. Before the- fire was got imder some of the council's crop was destroyed. ?*V Obituary. — Mrs. J. Murphy, an old resi dent of J'Jelhangsi, died a few days since in Melbourne. Tho remains were brought up from town and yesterday were conveyed to their last resting place. Tho funeral was conducted by Mr. J. Adams. On leaving the. district for Boree Creek, after a stay of K.J years, as teachers of the public school at Adolonr; Grove, Mr. and Mrs. Humphreys wore entertained. Several presentations v.c-re ma-do. 