 A Prophet's Predictions. HEAT WAVES, CYCLONES, AND ?QUAKES. Australasia is in for a bad time. Past disasters will pale into insig nificance if the predictions of the lat est prophet — or even a minimum of them — come to pass. And there is always a chance- that one may strike it right, and establish a reputation for accurate foresight. Many weather prophets have arisen in Australia of late' years, but they have been content to stop at. pre dicting for a year ahead. To Bar medman, however, belongs the honor of producing a prophet who has eclipsed the predictions of all the names known to Australia, Egsson, Russell, Wragge, Hunt, and the man from Moree are not now in it. The new man is silent as to liis system. It may be as simple and as convincing as aching tsorns in the act of foretelling rain. But what ever it is, neithei time nor distance chscks its efficacy. Isobaric pres sure, high level stations, kites, baro metric observations, and the like, which are believed to figure largely in the elaboration of tho forecast of a day or so, have been overshadowed. Even Zadkiel, Old Moore, aud the other great predicters, have con tented themselves with hazarding the doings of a day, but the Barmedman prophet's predictions are enough to make the boldest of Australia's citi zens shiver in their shoes. Neither Mr. McGowen nor Mr. Wade, iwr the Egyptian plagues, could promise greater disasters than Mr. H. Walsh, of Barmedman, who writes under date, May 2, as follows : — ' During tho first part of 1913 there will be great heat waves, caus ing many deaths, cyolonic disturb ances, causing towns and shipping to be seriously affected, and devastating floods, causing great loss of life and property. 'Droughty conditions will rule more or less until 1918. Then there will .be a return to a succession of good seasons. Thero will bo nn earthquake in New Zealand this year ; and an earthquake in Australia be- , fore 1917 ; and* owing to the great depression that is about to affect this country, free or assisted immigration to Australia will coaso in 1913 — ^ (Signed) H. Walsh, the Barmodman Weather Prophot.' 