 OF RURAL INTEREST, (Special for this Paper). (B1 "Runstic") Last weeok I quoted the report issued bi- the Central Weather Blureau and it was a doleful story of drought. It out lined a prospect that nias far from pleasing. - but between the time of .ilting my contribution and its-appear ance 11 print a change came over the spirit of things. As the Minister for Agriculture happily put it, "gold waS found in all parts of Victoria." That is exactly what that downpour meant. 1t put gold into the pocket of the man on the tand as surely as if each of him had discovered it on his farm. Thus the Central Weather Bureau has a dif fereuit tale to tell this week and has the added satisfaction in telling it that it upheld the theory which Mr. Archi bald,. the eminent London Meteorolo gist, advanced that the time for the lean years is not yet--ot for another five years. - It may be shrewdly suspect ed that that communioation from Mr Archibald was specially obtained to "coonfound the politics" of the pessi mistic tMr. Wragge. The force-regulat ing meteorological. conditions has set the seal upon the judgment of the neo Daniel and Mr \ ragge is discomfited as. was SIhylock. Therefore 'the Com monwealtl Meteorologist can gleefully report that the break-up of the long drought is the great outstanding fea ture of last week's weather. Over the interiors of all the Eastern States the change from intense drought condi tions to those attending abundant rains was most decisive, especially so in the case of Queensland and North of. New South Wales, and the seasonal prospects throughout Eastern Australia are now completely altered for the better. The groat rain storm responsible for this began to develop in Western Queens land on the 6th instant; by the 8th it was producing general rains from the Gulf of Carpentaria to the New South Wales border, and on the 9th heavy rains were setting in over the whole of Queensland, New South Wales, Victor is, and a large part of South Austra lia. These rains were, of course, of tropical origin, and were acconmpanied by the formation of a tongue of low barometric pressure extending South ward from the Gulf of Carpentaria to Western Victoria, the whole develop ment bearing a remarkable resemblance to that of the great monsoonal storm which flooded the Mallee in February, 1911. On the 10th high pressure over Central Australia cut the low pressure through in two and the weather rapid ly cleared. During the remainder of the week mild weather with northerly winds marked the slow approach of a cyclonic depression from over thle Ilight, and by Friday morning further good rains, mnostly the result of thua derstorms on Thursday evening, were reported generally, with promise of more. Mild weather to follow the rain, which was much desired, has been ex perienced, as the temperatures show. The highest reading for the week was 70 at Yarrawonga, and the lowest at ordinary elevations, 35 at Nhill: The week's rainfall is given as follows:- 35allee: From 65 at Rainbow to 163 at Kancira; Wimmera: from 36 at Minyip to 125 at Stawell; Northern Country: from 65 at Numurkah to 217 at Avoca; North-East: from 65 at Omeo to 183 at Whitfield; Central North: from 61 at Castlemaine to 210 at Daylesford; Western: from 13 at Terang to 107 at Ballarat; Central: from 42 at 3Mel bourne to 124 at Ballan; Gippsland : from 21 at Port Albert to 96 at Gabo. It may be taken that the primary ob ject of an experimental farm in such a locality would be to demonstrate irri gation methods. Yet the Committee finds that the grading and channelling of the area at present under lucerne cannot be claimed to have reached tie standard of an up-to-date irrigation farm. Much of the lucerne area is ex tremely patohy, and bears evidence of want of attention. Cereal crops have been grown on the dry farming area, but it does not appear that any special cultural methods other than those gen erally practised in the district have been adopted. Experiments have been carried out in dry farming and irri gation, but they have lacked system and continuity, and have served no useful purpose, as no proper records have beeni kept. The financial results have been most unsatisfactory, and as the method of bookkeeping has not been systemat ised it is impossible to apportion the amount of loss to each bra:nch of farm activities. As a demonstration of liow to get to the insolvency court quick the details of the finances of the farm are interesting They are: Year. Expenditure. Revenue. 1905-1906 .. £1,887 17 6 £20 1 3 1906-1907 .. 2,951 13 7 498 14 8 1907-1908 .. 3,225 0 3 310 17 0 .1908-1909 .. 3,477 3 4 580 7 10 1909-1910 .. 2,826 18 10 805 16 5 1910-1911 .. 3,312 17 10 838 10 0 "1910-1911 .. 586- 5 9 152 17 3 5To 30th Oc?tober, 1911. The proportional expenditure was as follows:-Lahor, 30 per cent.; imple monts. 13.5 per cent.; permanent im provements, 12.4 per cent. i rent, 9.1 per cent.; maintenance, 8.6 per cent.; live stock, 8.9 per cent. provislons, 0.6 per cent. furniture, 2.4 per cent.; forage, 1.4 pear cent.; seed, 1.3 per cent.; manure, 0.38 per cent. There is no doubt that there were, and are, possibilities for much useful ness in an experimental farm af the kind.- It is a self-evident fact that the Committee points out when it says the average settler would find it im possible to devote sufficient time, or in cur the expense necessary, to conduct experiments necessary to the proper ap plication of new methods, and that the primary purpose of the Wyuna farm should be to carry out a vigorous pol icy of systematic and continuous ex perimental work to discover data on which the future practice in newly irri gated settlements may be based. The Committee is not sanguine that muoh could be made of the farm even if pro perly managed, but recosnmends that if it is retained the following investi gations should be carried out:--Lrriga tion.-Acquiring of exact data regard ing the quantity of water required by various irrigated crops under diverse systems of cultivation and soil treat ment; manurial investigations conduct ed under irrigation conditions. The de tertnliatlion of thle valute of liming under Y;triolS (onldiions, suitable c(rop rotas tioln for irri' gteid L?,ds, -ixperlmens to Sh,)w the valu' Or s.tihnre isc of cultirat ig; groi .ing ,cr.ps. ol lue-rilne, and test in- all vari-tis- of lucerne; the growing of lucerne se-d for distribution; experi Ints- to determine the value of differ ect ftitder (l'ops and gasses; experi ments i ithl cows and pigs,using cereals, torl'a',Z'esc hlc''rlluc , eusil:age, nllgtura|l pas tllres and artilcial foods singly and in varios immlbinat.ions. Dry Farming,- The raising and systenasic testing of siehttedl cer'·e:ls, true to Iuaiiie and pure, ftr distribiutioi among growers; cuilur al and till:age experimenlts; crop rota tion aind manurial tests and investiga tionis relating to the best metholds of arresting the deplhtion of the organic contents of the stiff Goulburn Valley soil. There is a very wide scope for real ly valuable experimetal wok in all this, but to get it done upon lines that would inspire anything but derisionll in the people it would he intended to teach, there would need to be an et tsire departure from the methods which have hitherto been in operation in State undertakings of the kind. .The report of the special comunittee deputed to inquire into the affairs of the \\'y:ua State Farnm discloses a con dition of lthings even worse than was suspected. 'I ero have been pientj' of instances of the failure of tho Stato to successfully run enterpries of this kind. None have made quite such a bad showing as this, but, perhaps, that is because none has hithcnto had such a penetrating search-light directed at its affairs as the enquiry juct cvmpuh-t ed. The Wyuna fi.tn crslirises 340 acres. It was acquired from the Closer Settlement Board in 19015, to denon strate irrigation and dry farminlg pa sibilities, and was expected to be a lin ancial st~ccess. There was a sulcession of lnauagers and also an advisory Board. Tloe Ucnlmitteo states bluntly that tIhe farm ias been an utter failuro from an educational a:d experim?intal point of view, and a deplorable failure financially. The total expenditure stands at £17,967/16/3, and the totsal re venue at £3,20714/5. The lab'r bill amounted to £1,300 per anmun, exceed ing by Iroro than double the revenue of the farm. It is mentioned that tile ex penditure on manures and fertilisers only amounted to £70j1714 in 51 years, or about 6d. per acre per annum, but whether this is to be taken as a com mendable feature of the ma:agemtc or otherwise, is not made clear. One in stance of the managememnt. wl.idc needs no comtncent is a tra:sacticn in wdhich 200 sheep were purchased for £103/6/8, and several months after were sold for £103/6/11. It is satisfactory to note that the coming of the rain has caused the Minister to reconsider the proposal to stop the importation of farm workers. There is so much to be done in the development of the untouched produc tive areas of this State, which remains undone chiefly because of the insuffi ciency of hands to do it, that to stay the trickle of immigration of the class of men needed for that work must be regarded as calamitous. It has been a hard matter to get that trickle started, and to stop it would be very ill-advised. The free and easy fashion in which importers can brinng diseased potatoes into this State calls for a reform, and the action of the uclac Agricultural Society in deciding to bring themnatter under the notice of the Minister of Agriculture in the shape of a strong protest will have the support of potato growers in all parts of Victoria. It was pointed out at the meeting of the Colac Society that other States had adopted stringent regulations to pre vent the importation of diseased tubers, and in West Australia these regulations are strictly enforced, al though potatoes in that State are at famine prices. Potato-growing is an important part of Victoria's rural pro duction, and deserves all the protec tion that canl be obtained tor it. 