 GENERAL NEWS. Mr. Clement Wragge writing to the Albu'ry 'Dally News': I should just like to say tliat i£ the Central Weather Bur eau, Brisbane had been in existence — the annual vote for which did not ex ceed £1500 per annum — three days' warning, at least, would have been given of the recent cyclone off the north-west coast of Australia.' A number of prominent citizens state that the money market is much tighter and that the banks are dis playing a tendency to check specula tors. This state of affairs is said to be due chiefly to tbe widespread expendi ture on the part of the' Government. Another view is that the cautious pol icy is to await developments, in con nection with tbe Commonwealth bank. The N.S.W. consolidated revenue for March shows a comparative increase of £277,793. The returns for the quarter show an increase of £1,049,711 on the corresponding period of last year, while for six months there was a total increase of £658,973. Tbe rail ways and tramways showed an in crease of £342,000, and the Common wealth returns a decrease of £300,000. At the last meeting of tbe Dubbo municipal council, the Mayor said that he believed all the aldermen would agree with him it was very satisfying that with pleasing monotony, month af ter montb, year after year, the sanitary inspector reported that no infectious or contagious diseases had occurred in the town or its environs. What bet ter evidence, he asked, could be forth coming as to the salubrity of the Dub bo district. Captain Rushall, the organiser of the recent tour of the Australian cadets abroad, has been encouraged by the commendation of the Minister for De fence (Senator Pearce) to arrange for a similar tour. The expense will be borne, as in tbe last tour, by the par ents of the cadets. The department will assist the lads to continue their studies while abroad. Circulars were to be issued this week, and it is ex pected that the corps will leave Aus tralia in May. Referring to the proposed Common wealth Bank, Mr. C. J. Hamilton, speaking as chairman of the annual meeting in London of the Bank of Australasia, said that if the bank were managed on sound financial lines, with the intention of not becoming a bur den on the taxpayer, there was no reason for fear. If it were ably man aged the bank might be a source of great strength to the community, and might afford valuable assistance in time of trouble. Mr. Hamilton added that he hoped that the Commonwealth Bank might some day hold a position similar to that of the Bank of England. About a hundred of the employees at the railway workshope at i^veleigh went in for high times at a grievance meeting on Saturday night. The pro ceedings were of a lively character. Howls aud cat-calls were frequent, and when loud cries of 'chuck him out' were heard many people left the hall, including Mr. J. C. Watson. It is un derstood he was subjected to insult. When sympathised with, Mr. Watson replied, 'I have been used to that sort of thing all my life.' The meeting af ter a stormy debate, decided to send a deputation to the Premier, asking for a Royal Commission to inquire into the working of the railway Ehops at Eveleigh. With a view to encouraging the mus cular development of the youth of An nandale, and at the same time assist ing in their mental education, the local council allowed a piece of land, the property of the council, to be util ised as a cricket and football ground At tne last meeting or tne council, Ala. Colebrook asserted that it had become a rendezvous for 'two-up' players, es pecially on Sundays. The players, he said, showed a deal of cunning in their procedure, having established a per fect system of scouting to prevent their being caught. It was decided that the Mayor should communicate with the police on the matter. A ciuple of the provisions of the new Commonwealth electoral law it is well to note : -'Every person who is entitled to be enrolled, shall fill in and sign in accordance with the Act, and the re gulations a form of claim for enrol ment as an elector, and shall forth with send or deliver it to the pro per officer. The man who has chan ged his residence is under similar obli gation — penalty two pounds — whilst the officer who receives a claim for en rolment, and without just excuse fails to do everything necessary on his part to be done, will be called upon to pay a penalty of £ 10. The South Australian Minister for ? Agriculture, Mr. Pascoe, has furnished 1 particulars regarding the trouble with ! tne boys who recently began a course I of training on the farm established by ! the Government at North Boobooro j wire. Mr. Pascoe said the boys were i asked to attend religious service on ' Sunday night but only two turned up. The remainder sat outside. Some made a row with mouth-organs and other musical instruments. On Monday, when the lads were summoned to at 'tend school, they made no response, having been persuaded by a comrade to stop away. They were found in a wool-shed again making a noise with mouth-organs. The ringleader kept on playing, when the boys were taken to tbe school-room, and he was dismissed. A number of others then left The contingent of Federal members bound for the Northern Territory this month on an excursion, which is in tended to be a visit or inspection is gradually diminishing. When the trip was announced there were over 30 members prepared to go. Members, however, have slowly pulled out in batches. Last week there were to be 16 or 17. On Saturday the number had dwindled down to' 13. Mr. Thomas, the Minister who has charge of the ar rangements, appeared to have taken the withdrawals very much to heart. He speaks thus: — 'I am tired of it. 'Here I go making the arrangements. I write again to the members. They Bay' that it Is all right I buy tickets. I select berths. And then they can't, go. It's most disheartening. . I won't do it again. ' No - more trips for me, ^ none.' The members who so far have j booked are Messrs. Gordon, F. J. Fos ter Ryrie, West, Brennan, Howe, Chanter, Wise^ and Ozanne, from the i House of Representatives; and Sena- 1 tors MacDongall, Buxacott, Rae, and Blakey. , . . 1 With the death of Mr. Peter Kerr, F.R.I.B.A., Victoria loses one who has given to the city of Melbourne the most dignified and impressive of its architectural features, the House of Parliament in Spring-street. Mr. W. Stace Lloyd, Liberal organi ser, is in Goulburn in connection with the Werriwa vacancy. The name of Mr. A. H. Conroy, who previously re presented the constituency, has been neely mentioned as a candidate. A police telegram from Broome (W. A.) states that Constable Fletcher was stabbed by a Manila man on Saturday, and died on Monday. His assailant has been arrested. Deceased was 36 years of age, married, and had been 12 years in the service. The P.M.G. {Mr. Frazer) says he has at last reached finalty in the mat ter of selecting a design for the Com monwealth postage stamp. It is said to be an Australian design, and to be simple yet expressive. Designs from all parts of the world were furnished to tbe department about nine months ago, but none of them pleased Mr. Frazer, who, when he assumed the position of P.M.G., obtained further designs from the Victorian Artists' Society. A press correspondent points out that Mr. Carmichael and Mr. Holman appear to differ widely as to the mean ing and effect of the Bursaries Act. In reply to the resolution of the Metho dist Conference, protesting against State aid in any form to denomination al schools, Mr. Carmichael informed the conference that the Government did not propose to give State aid to any school or schools. Mr. Holman, on' the other hand, addressing the Hib ernian Society, announced that 'a measure of justice has at last been done to the deserving Catholic stud ents of the Catholic primary schools.' At a meeting of the local parents and Citizens' Association, it was decid ed to urge the claims o'f the Mudgee district school to be raised to the sta tus of a high school. It was pointed out that owing to Mudgee's central po sition in the district its chances of securing one of the new high schools to be created was particularly good. , There are three western towns, ' Forbes, Dubbo, and Mudgee pressing I their claims for a high school, while one has already been established at Orange. They can scarcely all be j successful in the claim. A South Australian Union organiser whose efforts to foster a strike amongst phosphate workers broke down speaks thus: — There were so called Labour members of Parliament who had taken sides against them. When he was in Adelaide he had in quired in regard to what was being done. He went to the newspapers, and they referred him to the unions. He went to the unions, and they said 'instructions of executive.' He went to the executive, aud they said the Par liamentary representatives were afraid of losing the farming vote. If getting Labour men into Parliament meant do ing things like that, he said, 'away with politics.' Mr. Holman's attention having been drawn to the fact that sufficient time was not available at the recent sittings of the Deniliquin District Court and Quarter Sessions to permit of tha busi ness being conveniently disposed of, the Attorney-General points out that the sittings of courts forming portion of country circuits have to be fixed months anead, and it is impossible to know what cases will be set down, and how long they will occupy. All that can be done is to allow sueh time as previous experience shows to be reas onable. When the business of^a court proves to be unusually protracted, the department will, if communicated with in sufficient time, arrange, whenever possible, for another judge to take the next court on the circuit, so that in convenience to litigants may be avoid ed. At the Central Criminal Court in Sydney on Saturday, William Henry France, a middle-aged man, known as 'Dr. Bill' was brought up for sentence for the manslaughter of Elma Jane Stevenson (23) at. Swatchfield, in the Oberon district on March 29 last as the result it was alleged, of an illegal operation. The prisoner, addressing his Honor, said he had been 25 years i nt h p country, and for 15 years had ? attended the sick. Whatever he had done was to screen the girl at her special request Senior-constable j Hawe Baid he had made inquiries re specting accused. He had not heard of any suspicious cases, and no charge ? had been made against him previously. Chief Justice Cullen, in sentencing ac cused to seven yeara' penal servitude, said he failed to see any mitigating circumstances. The whole history of what had occurred seemed to point to the case as one for exemplary punish ment tint he would be very sorry to think .that In any sentence he passed he otred on the side of severity. At Temora last week, the trustees and members of the Methodist Church Aid Society tendered a farewell ban quet to the Rev. A. Brown prior to his departure for Queanbeyan. Mr. Brown preached his farewell sermon on Sunday. Prior to settling at Quean beyan, Rev. Mr. Brown will be married to a Bailarat young lady. The Commonwealth Government is taking active steps to resume private land in the Federal capital area. Up to the present very little has been done in this direction, the only properties taken over being those required for the immediate use of the Government such as the Acton and Duntroon es tates. The secretary of the Depart ment of Home Affairs (Colonel Miller) is now in the territory making valua tions of the private properties,' includ- ing agricultural and pastoral holdings. It is expected that the total amount re quired for the resumption will be in the neighbourhood of £1,000,000; but despite the financial burdeqj and the difficulty of managing the resumed farms and sheep stations economically, the Government is bent on having 100 square miles that it can call its own. A case surrounded by unique cir cumstances and great local interest was heard at the Condobolin police court last week. The municipal coun cil proceeded against D. H. Tasker, junr., licensee of the Royal Hotel, and Mayor of the town, for suffering slops to flow from his premises through a drain into the storm-water channel in Bathurst street. Defendant's brother is town clerk, who gave evidence of authority to prosecute. A fine of 10s and costs was imposed. Defendant's solicitor then explained that the Mayor had submitted to a test case, so that the council will now know its position with other similar offenders. The bench complimented the Mayor on his action. 'How New Zealand Grasped the Nettle' was the title of the lecture that Miss Anderson Hughes, the well known temperance missioner gave in Melbourne. Miss Hughes said that the same old stories about 'confiscation,' ruin to the honest hotelkeeper and so forth were told as when she was in Vic toria six years ago. After 'no-license' was carried in Masterton (N.Z.) she had visited it, and had been struck with the cheerfulness of the inhabi tants, and the signs of prosperity that were in evidence everywhere. But her friends told her that she should have -yme the week before when the Supreme Court had been sitting. Any particularly interesting cases, she ask ed? There were no cases at all, they replied, and in consequence the judge had been presented with a pair of white kid gloves. The Ladies' Benevo lent Association, after struggling along for 14 months with nothing to do, had disbanded. Chief Commissioner Johnson ap pears to have been in good humor on nis visit to Ganmain last weelt. He at first refused a request for an overhead I bridge near the platform, oe the score that it would cost a good deal more than he was prepared to spend. But a suggestion that the townspeople should raise half the cost altered the outlook. Would Mr. Johnson enter tain the proposal then? 'Oh, certain ly, I always entertain such offers as those.' A source of complaint was j that passengers transhipping at Junee had to scramble for a seat on tbe southern mail owing to main line pas sengers not having to tranship. Mr. Johnson: 'You find it difficult to get a corner seat, is that it.' Mr. Rowston: 'No, not altogether, the main trouble seejps to be with the women folk.' Mr. Johnson promised consideration. 'Thou shalt not excel' is becoming one of the first and greatest of the commandments in the Labor decalo gue. The earnestness with which it is enforced has jnst been illustrated by loyal unionist bricklayers of Mel bourne. Four of them undertook as a sporting offer to show how fast they^ could lay bricks in the construction of a wall for a picture theatre in Bourke street The task they set themselves was to lay 3,000 apiece in a working day of eight hours. They began well on the morning of Saturday week, with an average of 1,400 each for three and three-quarter hours, and were to complete their speed trial on a sub sequent afternoon. The test was in teresting, and one would have thought harmless. Not so, however, in the opinion of the Bricklayers' Union. Af ter the union had first endeavoured to pour ridicule on the attempt, the other men employed on the job suddenly re fused to work with the four, and so the trial of speed was abandoned. The four had transgressed the unionist law which forbids excellence and requires the smartest workers to be careful not to outdistance their slower fellows. 