 GENERAL NEWS. It is notified in the Gazette that a sale of Crown lands will take place at Gundagal on Wednesday, 10th inst An official return just published shows that the people ol New South Wales swallows -£200,000 worth of medicines (wholesale price) every I year. It is declared that in Victoria for every man who wants to secure an ir rigation farm there are ten who are prepared to shoulder the responsibili ties of a holding in the mallee. When the average boy insists on a spotless collar every day, one may be sure that he is leaving his childhood behind him and that tbe responsibili ties of life have begun. Typhoid is raging in the Burrin juck township. The bouses in which tbe disease has broken out are so constructed that it is impossible to seal them up with a view to fumiga tion. Until the return of Mr. Holman, At torney-General, who is out of town for a few days, Mr. Beeby, Minister for Lauds, will be Acting-Premier in the absence of M. M'Gowen in Melbourne and Hobart. Mr. Trefte, Minister for Agriculture is pushing forward the demonstration farms, which seem admirably calcul ated to show settlers what is possible and profitable in the way of advanced cultivation. There is room for a lot of improvement, and it is more cer tainly affected by example than in any other manner. An immense load of wheat was brought into Old Junee on Thursday by the grower, Mr. Ern Lehmann. It consisted of 253 bags of the gross weight of 23 tons 11 cwt., the ifet weight being 20 tons 4 cwt. It was pulled by 20 bullocks driven and owned by Mr. J. Birmingham. Mr. W. O'Donnell purchased the wheat. The departmental statement of lands applied for under the Crown Lands Acts and Closer Settlement Acts during the week ended Decem ber 16 shows that 12 new settlers took up a holding of 2294 acres as original holdings, and 21 blocks representing 4274 acres, were - acquired as addi tional holdings, but 17,481 acres, in 12 blocks, were made available for ad ditional holdings. The death of Mrs. Emma Quinton, which took place on Saturday, re moves one of the few remaining pio neer residents of Flemington. In the early fifties Mrs. Quinton opened the first school in the district with a roll of a dozen scholars. The death took place at 101 Princess-street, Fleming ton. Mrs. Quinton was 78 years of age, and a colonist of 73 years. A train slowed up at a busy coun-. try station, and a man was seen to put his head out of a window of a third class carriage. 'There's a woman in here fainted,' he cried. 'Has anyone got any whisky? Quick!!' Someone in the crowd on the platform hand ed him a bottle. He uncorked it frantically, put it to his lips, and took a noble pull. 'Ah,' he sighed, 'that's better. It always did upset me to see a woman faint.' The triennial conference of the Aus tralian Labor Party, which is to be held in Hobart during the week com mencing January 8, is entrusted with drawing up the new Labor platform for the next Federal elections. The conference will be the' most represen tative yet held, those more distant States which were content in the past to be represented by members of Par liament of other States, having on this occasion sent along their own dele gates. With a view to improving the yield ing power of oats, cross-breeding _is being carried on at the Glen Innes State Farm. Algerian oats are being crossed with the White Tartarian, an other cross being Algerian and tig owo. There is a marked improvement in the cross-bred oats, compared with those not crossed, but the exact in crease cannot, of course, be told until the crop is gathered and threshed. The Algerian-Tartarian cross points to a very decided improvement on either the varieties grown alone. In O'Connell Street, Dublin, there is a monument erected to the memory of Lord Nelson. A gentleman happen ed to be standing close to the pillar the other day, when he saw a coun tryman, in the orthodox knee-breeches and tall hat, gazing at the monument in blank astonishment Thinking to enlighten him as to the identity, -the gentleman explained that it was Nel son. 'Oh, begorra, sir,' said the Irish man, 'that shows me ignorance. I thought it was his monument!' Mr. David Bowman, leader of the Queensland Labor Party, returned to Brisbane on Friday, after a prolonged trip to Great Britain and the Contiu. ent. in ine course oi an interview Mr. Bowman detailed his movements and, referring to his visit to Germany, said that the Socialist headquarters there were tutors engaged in teaching, young men who were anxious to enter upon socialistic work, either as Organ isers or politicians. There were 80 . daily Sooialist newspapers in Ger many, and to this fact he largely at tributed the success of the socialistic organisations there. The Melba grand opera season has closed. Melba's own estimate of it sh£ expressed in these words: 'I have loved every minute of. my stay; have loved my audiences, loved their enthusiasm and their kindness, and now I have the memory of it all — the wild cheering, the sea of faces, the re calls and .recalls. It was magnificent ; During the last two or three years there has not been much land settle ment in Papua. 'The way to sleep, says a scientist, 'is to think of nothing.' Personally we have found the best way to get to sleep is to think it's time to get up. Riches may be dangerous to the man who possesses them, but we still meet with men of weak finances and iron constitutions who are ready to undertake the risk. Miss Bennett, aged 20 years, resid ing at Sydenham road, Sydenham, was bathing at Long Bay on Saturday morning, and while in the surf was seized with a fit. She was brought out by the other bathers and, after she had recovered slightly, it was found that she had lost her eyesight. Mr. Doyle, of Molong, who is said to be the largest breeder of Romney Marsh . sheep in Australia, tests the young sheep in a large swamp which is on his property. If any of the ani mals show signs of foot rot from their long detention -in the marsh they are cast out as culls. It is understood that the State Go vernment intends establishing lime works close to Marulan, where there exists an inexhaustible deposit of limestone of the very highest Quality and in a neighborhood where timber fuel is abundant The deposits are close to the main southern railway, and could, without much expense, be linked up by a tramway or railway siding. 'Mr. Henry Frowde, Oxford Univer sity Press, is about to publish Dante's Divine Comedy literally translated in to English verse in the hendecasylla bic measure of the original Italian by the Rt Hon. Sir S. W. Griffith, G.C.M.G., Chief Justice of the High Court of Australia.' Sir Samuel's version of the Inferno was published in Sydney by Angus and Robertson some years ago. It has been decided by the coll eagues and personal friends of the late Mr. Donald Macdonell, whose death removed the first Chief Secret ary in the M'Gowen Ministry, to recog nise the very special services render ed the deceased gentleman during his long illness by one. of the. nurses at Dr. -Stirling's private hospital, Mel bourne, of which Mr. Macdonell was an inmate. The proposal is to recog nise the great care and attention be stowed upon tbeir late colleague by tbe presentation of a suitable memen to. The matter, .It- is understood, is in the hands of Mr. H. Lahgwill, the executor of Mn Macdonell's estatei The Bishop of London tells a good snake yarn. In a recent sermon he stated that, young children sometimes saw supernatural things, and told a. story illustrating what- he meant: — The father of five girls', feeling a little poorly, went and laid down. The youngest girl was sent to bed. Shortly afterwards she was heard ±o cry. out, 'Look, look, there are two angels walking up the stairs.' None of her sisters, however, could see the angels. A little while after she' again cialled out, 'There are the . angels walking . down the stairs, and father is be tween them.' Her sisters this time saw the 'angels.' On going to their father's - room, they found ^hiifi Jjtag dead! A -Sega farmer the other- week was fined for assault upon a young man. Said farmer, was working in his cul tivation-paddock'. A. couple, of- lads with' grins came along, and finding said farmer's tea. billy, placed It on a post and began- -shooting at it On - the appearance of the fanner they de-. camped. The farmer, was enraged^' and took after them. He found a young man sitting^on the bank of the river with a gun 'in his hand. The farmer caught him and ducked him in the river, at ithe same time tumbling In ' himself. But he had caught an innocent chap. In all, the mistake cost him £4. The galling part was when the other chap, who did destroy the billycan, gave evidence to that ef fect and claimed witness' expenses. . i The business transacted at the North Sydney post-office during Christ mas and New Year was the largest on record. In . fact, the accommodation was so overtaxed that the local poBt master fMr. Reirt* hart in temnnrorily A most noisy demonstration by a large crowd of Scotsman and others outside St. Paul's Cathedal, London, welcomed the New Year. There was a gala of banpuets and revelry in the WeBt End hotels. ' 'At Pelican, in the Chinchilla dis trict, the lightning flashed terrifically, and the thunder at times was aiunoBt deafening. Six cows were killed by the lightning, and most of the townspeople were In a state of terror while the storm lasted. Several persons on thje verandah were temporarily blinded by the brightness of the flashes. Continued dry weather is causing a deal of uneasiness in the Northern part of the State. Th'e whole of the early maize crops have been destroy ed, and are being cut for cow feed. In many places the creeks are fast drying up. Many dairymen have been put to considerable straits for water for their stock. There is no disguis ing the fact that the Richmond is ex periencing drought conditions un equalled since 1901. Should the rain hold off there must be heavy losses. Perhaps Mr. Wragge can justify his drought predictions by confining them to stated areas. No doubt there Is bound to be a drought somewhere. A terrific, cyclone and thunderstorm occurred at Cunnamulla, Queensland. On Saturday afternoon the wind blew with startling fury and accompanied by .most vivid lightning and- crashing claps of thunder the. rain fell in tor rents. During the storm a buggy con taining two persons was lifted bodily from the ground, the occupants being thrown into the roadway, luckily with out serious injury. An increasing number of parents, when faced with the question, 'What to do with our boys?' are answering 'Make local government clerks but of them.' Unfortunately they are wak ing up to the opportunity a little late in the day. Two years ago any intel dillgent youth who applied himself to diligent study for four months could be certain of immediately finding em ployment at up to £200 per annum, To-day the vacancies are fewer and the examinations are stiffer. There are roughly 300 certificated clerks em ployed in the State, the majority of whom are fairly healthy in dividuals calculated to live a long time. There are not likely to be many vacancies offer ing and probably not more than a doz en new clerks could be absorbed each year. The supply is increasing, and one distant town which a .year ago could not get apnlicant for town clerk at £180 recently advertis ed and got eight replies. Neverthe less, there are opportunities still offer ing and the life is a better one, with surer prizes than that of bank clerk, i school teacher or civil servant. From reports received by ttie Tas manian police It appears probable that a double or triple drowning fatality has taken place in the Derwent. There is no certain information on the sub ject, for no one has been reported mis sing, but wreckage has been picked up on the beach at South Arm, which is supposed to be from a rowing boat which was seen on Friday last mak ing towards the shot tower. Edward Quarry has reported to the police that, at 7.30 p.m. on Saturday, when near Opossum Bay, he noticed a small boat with either two or three persons in it making for the western shore. It waB blowing hard at the time, and he noticed that the posftfon of the boat was perilous. Nothing untoward took place then, but on Sunday morning, when walking along the beach, he canre across boat wreckage, a tweed cap ' and two cigarettes. He also noticed the mast of a boat sticking out of the water, and the name Pow erful was on the boat. The mainsail appeared to be furled up and tied snug to the past, but the staysail was hanging in the water. / 