 A Prophet's Predictions. HEAT WAVES, CYCLONES, AND 'QUAKES. AiiFtralawirt is in for :i had time. Past disasters will pale into Insignificance If the predictions of tho latest prophet—or oven .1 minimum of them—romo to pnw. And thore is always a chance that one nifcy striko it right, and establish a reputa tion for accurato foresight. Many weather prophets havo arisen In Australia of Into years, hut they have been content to stop at predicting for a year ahead.' To Barmertman, however, belongs tho honor of producing a prophet who has eclipsed tho predictions of all the names known to Australia. Egeson, Russell, Wragge, Hunt, and the man from Moree arc not now In it The new man is silent as to his system. It may be as simple and as convincing as aching corns in the act of foretelling rain. Hut whatever it is, neither time nor dls tanco checks its efficacy. Isobarlc- pres sure, high level stations, kites, barometric observations, und the like, which are be lieved to figure largoly iu the elaboration of the forecast of a day or so, havo been overshadowed. Even Zadklel, Old Moore, and tho other great predictors, have contented themselves with hazarding the doings of a day, but the tiarmedman prophet's predictions are enough to make the boldest of Australia's citizens shiver in his shoes. Neither Mr. M'Gowen nor Mr. Wado, nor tho Egyptian plagues, could promise greater disasters than Mr. H. Walsh, of Barmedman, who writes, undor date May 2, as follows:— "During the first part of 1913 there will be great heat waves, causing many deaths, cyclonic disturbances, causing towns and shipping to bo seriously affected, and devas tating floods, causing- great loss of life and property. "Droughty conditions will rulo more or leBB until 1918. Then there will bo a roturn to a succession of good seasons. There will bo an earthquake in New Zealand In the year 1912; and an earthquake in Aus tralia before 1917; and. owing to.the. great depression that is about {to affect this country, free or assisted immigration to Australia will cease in 1913. The great drought of 1912 will continue until the end of (his year.— (Signed) H. Walsh, tho Bar* moUman weather Propnot. 