 Sir George Reid's special embassy to Ber lin has resulted in a German company being formed to develop trade between this country and the Fatherland. This achievement em phasises the great possibilities lying before a prospective Australian High Commissioner in America. Canada finds it^ advantageous to have an agency in Melbourne! but the gain is infinitesimal compared with what we would find in being well represented in the United States. The Westralian Government's method of; tackling the trust which keeps up the price of meat in Perth deserves public recognition. For years the trust has contrived to stifle competition from the eastern States by clever manipulation of the local harbor and health regulations. It held a complete grip of the north-west cattle trade and was therefore able to dictate its own prices to the public. The Government has now stepped in and - pur chased two or three steamers which will con vey Kimberley meat to Perth and give the retailer a chance to get his supplies from an independent source. m m m The White Star Company has in hand the construction of four vessels each of eighteen to twenty thousand- tons , for the Australian trade, but sees no hope of getting them into Port Phillip Bay under present conditions. As a result, if nothing is done to deepen the en trance to the port the ships will only call at Melbourne when in light draft. The deepen ing of the Rip is said to be largely a matter of "go" and gunpowder, but the- Harbor Trust does not seem to have any go at present, being mostly worried over the Government's threat to abolish it altogether. Already there are ships . visiting Port Phillip Bay which come near scraping the rocky bottom of the Rip, and the sooner the port is put under a new board fully equipped with "go" and ex plosives, the better will the prospect be of the costly new Port Melbourne pier being fully used. . » . . . An English butter man visiting these parts has endeavored to throw discredit on Minister Tudor's Commonwealth butter brand system. He. says that a large section of the British public .prefer margarine to butter; but this cannot be accepted as a reason why the Bri tons who still preserve their good taste for Australian butter should not be given the best possible guarantee with the, pure and un adulterated article. Fact ' is the Minister should go further and institute regular pro ceedings in English courts against- persons who adulterate Australian butter before put ting it on the retail market. The British law is notoriously kind to the food adulterator, but it affords some protection to owners of regulation brands and trade marks, and the . High Commissioner should be instructed to get what change he can out of that fact. . * * * Roosevelt's defeat of Taft- in the ."Primar ies" in Ohio, the President's own State,-looks from, this distance like a turning-point in fa,vorr of the bear slayer. Taft in his recent, utter ances, too, displays a peevishness that scarcely confidence of victory. The placidity of i alt. does not really represent the American temperament, although it was speciously ?pv?1 m i T? do so when he was given the office, l he election of Roosevelt would be beneficial y' bJecause Theodore, judging by authentic -ccounts, has a good knowledge of our institutions. He Is undoubtedly alive to the possibilities of a working tariff agreement between the United States and the Common wealth. Taft has lost ground in the important matter of foreign policy by countenancing an attempt to grab Canada, although, of course, he could scarcely help himself. . » » The Lawn Tennis Association of Victoria has selected the Albert Cricket Ground, on St. Kilda-road, as the venue of the next Davis Cup contest. The game and the public alike could not be better served. Incidentally the Melbourne Tramway Company will benefit by the large haul of fares it will net on the St. Kilda track. It would pay the tram people to boom the forthcoming matches for all they are worth and a little over, because inter national tennis is a special line quite extra to cricket and football matches, which are just thrown at them in the ordinary way of business. The company should offer a hand some prize to encourage young Victorian tennis players to blossom forth and be glorified, for by that means they can largely assist in keep ing the international contests a permanent fix ture 011 the Albert ground, past which the cars run. * «. Some of the designs sent in by distinguished European architects for the Federal Capital competition clung too closely to old-world tra ditions. Streets were shown, for example, little over thirty feet wide, and tortuous at that. On the other hand the Americans showed themselves to be most in touch with Austra lian requirements. In the leading designs the . "cobweb" or "caa't-wheel" system of street planning was observed. Generally speaking the Americans made a trifle too free with the landscape, carving off hills and filling up deep chasms for the plain purpose of getting straight roads. However, by taking the best feature of each design the Government archi tects will get the best plan that the world has to offer for a competitive premium of £1750. * Mr. , J. S. Jenkyn'si once ' preyniev of South Australia, has beeii' telling", tlveflp ;i;i London that Government" owned railways* liav.e proved a success; in' tliis c'outttry-Jjibut -theJfkct does not prove; in liis opinion, that i't 1.Would be judicious for them to nationalise the British system at this hour, of day. Probably Mr. Jenkyns fears that Labor demands would be come too exorbitant if the change were made in the present ; disturbed state of industry. No doubt the 'best time to nationalise ser vices in any country is at the beginning. Better never than late. If Labor^ receives a further lease of power next election, Australia will see this proposition worked out to a disastrous climax. * # * . Every week almost brings one sign or an other of tendency or desire to expand Federal functions. In the last few days the Common wealth Court of Conciliation has been reach ing out for that stipreme control of industry which the people refused to grant at the late lamented referendum. Two instances have been afforded. Of one, the decision by Mr. Justice Higgins to force the Renmark fruit pickers and growers into Court; it might not be quite fair to say that it is an act of aggression, since .qyeyy '??sajue person would welcome a permanent'- settlement of troubles which were accompanied by 'mysterious fires and poisonings. , The other" inStVnce is in an application by builders' laborers/ii Sydney for a conference in MpV/ourne.,* tc/draw up an agreement for filing in , t^te/ Commonwealth Court. ~ The Master Buil(j6i^'/'are puzzled, and a little bit anxious. T-he^very latest word in arbitration legislation was proclaimed to have been in the Act framed by Mr. Beeby and ~ passed a few weeks ago by the N.S.W. Parlia ment. Sydney's leading lawyers are now try ing to find out.-whether it is possible for em ployers* to obey a&\th&"iS$ate and Federal laws governjijg. industry. -'AU^d'er which king?" "ask the .builders in despair,^ afia their only answer is a' mockiiilg'echb, "Which .king?" The fact is that the one and fata] fla-v m ^ new Act Is that it does not a,.;,- m;8®* Higgins Arbiter of Industry V Vh~r-J®« New South Wales. - h" s«»l There is a very circumstan:; ,] BI( police circles at present of a - . in a house at Fitzroy between -rV^'rni burgling gang led by two we)].^* whom they name. After the g;,:, w, ".00 a city shop and landed £100 in ,? with the "swag" quietly stowed t in his stocking When they :,.aci,ed jf headquarters in Young-street, r&lt;1(, i ' the gang challenged the amoum ?.,'roduw.fl division. Five minutes later t h.. ni "went crook on the mob" was hhi" ,",n scious on the floor. He awoke in half.-, to find that his "double cross" had Wt without any share at all of the W>tv }"" given him instead a body and head lm and cut in twenty places. The incident th a little light upon the ways in winch a &lt; man's identity becomes known to the poli but when they know who did a certain . 10 they still have to find evidence to connect hta with it. . Not that the battered thief ],]"«»" himself within reach of the police. \ % i friend" was the informant. It is from sum women that much of a detective's informatlm comes. ;§i{ . . . ; . Mr. Roberts, M.H.R., whose inordinate luff? leering for the limelight leads him into ma© indiscreet utterances, has been talking iiboif strikes. . For public information, it may $ stated here that Mr. Roberts is an honoralf Minister in the Fisher cabinet. "There is $6 more harm," says Mr. Roberts, "in the labor i refusing to sell his labor for less than a cm tain price than there is in the farmer hom.: ing on to his wheat because the miller wfli . not give him the price he asks." Very niiel put, Mr. Roberts. Now, stand up «ncl answ# a few questions. If Farmer Brown prefers sell his wheat, does Farmer Smith, who is hoi ing on, put a cake of dynamite on the road the railway? Does Farmer Smith say th: no one hut he and his particular friends sir be. allowed to sell wheat at all? Does Farm Smith burn "Farmer Brown's haystacks poison his horses? Does Farmer Brown, see" ing to sell his wheat because he must comfoi'ts for a sick wife and child, ko in te ror of injury to life and limb? The farm will not swallow all that Mr. Roberts and he will^riot thank that gentleman for f offensive and * false comparison which he lis drawn. In the intervals of heralding the vagaries a storm named "Thomas" - fancy .losia, Thomas progressing at cyclone speed, partietF larly when he is settling the Northern Terr tory-the one and only Wragge is i orecastin, a long dry spell for Australia. He hzis bee] scourging the farmers with word:-: like pions in letters to the press. "This is 11 time," says Mr. Wragge in his flamboyant wa. "for idle repining, going on one's knees an grovelling before the Infinite like a whippe cur." "Be brave," he goes on; ";-et "P aI1 dam." He spells it that way. The farmer, a thinks, is too apt to sit down and : pell it tn other way. And perhaps there is .. -oon (tea of truth in Mr. Wragge's bombasti c Not twice in the life of every n. find himself constituting the wli. "party" with the balance of power ment. That lias happened to .v Cameron; M.H.A:, of Tasmania. Mr. Norman Cameron was in '. "majority" of the Reid-McL.ean Go the-federal House of Representati curious vanity led him into pubb -which Ministers could not suffer wn humiliation. It became necessary Reid (now Sir. Geo. Reidl to P nounce Mr. Cameron's attitude ami gentleman that he had better go r.c and hang himself, or whatever is ii does h of th . a Parlia Norma ;. i s sain .. self tli. .ment i . and hi it t ilude , at srea .or . iclv de -f ell tlia ho &lt;1 Parlia "n(5e of . onveying such -sentiments, jjne a celled himself in bis pre w f,m'»Ln Th> state of parties makes liis nPfc-warv .o the life of the Lewis ,'nl ami His freak legislator has through the press. He announc-Pi- that.. he is "agreeable to riic iiip leado-'-.-hip of the Liberal party . portfolio of lands." - He nominates fiilV insurer an(5 graciously allows that the tnv select :ne other Ministers., Failing riv"s" accojii ance of his terniB he de , f ,is intention of putting the Labor Party ll1" ,,/»>. with the intimation that so soon as displease him out. they will go, too. value of Labor's protestations of a wish cop ihis country properly settled may be "u'li i,v the latest action, or rather, in fin of' the Department of External Affairs. " riran ranchers are anxious to inspect 1p country in the Northern Territory. "No I min letting them have a look at it, Andy, ' uniiose," says Mr. Thomas, and Mr. Fisher .J a cautious and qualified approval. So flir ranchers arc t old they may go and look. iron 1 take any of it away," they explain i the obviously fluttered officials. "We'd like , {Mile down there." "But," explained the firiUirv to the Department (Mr. Atlee Hunt), ?re can't let you have any land. We have not surveved it all yet." The territory is shout up for jjeople; here are experienced men fjflv to take it on lease as the Government (lif'y provides, t he men are ready to use the jd for the very purpose for which the Gov rnmeiit experts say it should be used, and, ipbold, they are told, in Mr. Atlee Hunt's most ujiMior accents, that the surveys are not o!))|)]eted and they cannot get leases! "Say" -von can imagine the disgusted rancher's com ment-"how long would it take to survey that land for me if you really wanted to lease it? And how long does it take this caterpillar Gov ernment of yours to get a move on?" * . . There died in England on April 12 last the man who popularised and made known.to mil lions that delectable meal known throughout the English-speaking world as "sausages and mashed." This gentleman, whose baptismal name was William Harris, was better known as, tie "Sausage King," and he had hundreds of tops scattered throughout London where the tastiest of sausages and the creamiest of masli .3 were vended at prices to suit the pockets call. Mr. Harris was in many ways a remark iiile man. Iu addition to wonderful skill in tie manufacture of that somewhat' mysterious wmmodity referred to 'by the illiterate as a fossidge," he had the business acumen to con vince the average Londoner that "sausage and mashed" were a sine qua non of existence. Starting with a barrow, ere many years he had one of the most lucrative businesses in the ?reat metropolis, and in later years his army and navv contracts ran into huge sums. . . . . Now that the question of the legislation of joe Potalisator is being thrashed out in New south Wales mid sporting men here are talk n>S of the desirability for the introduction of toe tote, a statement by, the Ministry of France w the State profits.'itt-cunnectipn with the tax "" the totalis.) i or, and)'gariiefe Of chance is inter esting. The French" tax of 15 per cent, on Hfti163yielded in the year 1911 a tie short of three hundred/..thousand pounds, ue totalisato- tax of one'pei» cent, yielded a revenue £150,000, whilst the .deduction wntotalisai r receipts for charities amounted ,irA tnfle "'inder, three hundred thousand Fran ln tlle gamesters' of La Belle were faxed to the extent of three ion? :niHion during the year. Opin of v5;'"r as regards the moral aspect mm! totalis" .-or, but as a-revenue producer it "pl arently-:: France at1 least-keeps its end ijn)I®m^ers the Sydney Wharf Laborers' thev «!?aTe r; last come to the'conclusion that srov'jng tired of continually having !iaby." The Lithgow Prisoners' letter P :~l1&lt;vtee sent the wharf laborers a to indf,w CV : ;:lar last week asking that union apainc-t f^ ,r- a one-day strike as a protest tiinw + :ion of the Government ^in de the whaVT ase the Lithgow martyrs. Then comni'^A ,'V orers rose in their wrath and tie hnmf :--erly that they are made to bear lausefl h, oi . - (iarly all the industrial disputes more thl 0,Vf&lt;r unions. They said they were Hev f ?, ' i'ed of "carrying the baby," as that iha « iuul as a niild way of suggesting, shelved T'T" might be brought into use "ie whnlri ' er for six months.. The action of sav in 'a ..orers put the "kibosh"-as . they idea classics -on the one-day strike -"saap /ia,v? a set-baclc to the paid agitator, the®. should be an eye-opener to Place6?ho^e. Uex^ Imperial " Conference takes ^fers win s. renSth: .; of- the "Navy in .Home cueeion t,, i,)C ttle chief topic advanced for dis by the British Government. The more tnougntrul London review* bear references in +v./f J , ow frequently ions to support th^u!!ecesTty for thG Domin feat, by the °^nV&lt;leT,"0nie ,Fleet- so as to de Germany's plan of ^rAYf68 "ni,ed resources, gobbling up1 ti" co J U"f ,at lhP heart a»« practical expression Si, ' Ieisure- More found in thfdeSminltll fame ,sen,iment is land's Dreadnnm^ll !° malje New Zea S^eceh^ units at an earl? date. Commonwea]Hi-s "aval * . . bank clerk'had'lo'i l0,,Ule{ c]erks" union that a ried wit nn l dismissed for having mar ried without the consent of the directors." When Bertie, the bank clerk, whose eyes are G°IfS l°hJ' sw.e,et1Rumi»e)' evening to woo, n tne girl should be you T he best thing to do Is to get information concerning his screw. S!1' lje. 11 deceived by the coat on his back Though^ducally dressed, yet the cash he may And the world will look black wr ^le>r 6*ve Mm the sack, When the marriage inspector gets on his track. Poor Bertie must labor, as Jacob of old Worked hard for his Rachel-and then he was sold And his love may grow cold, While he waits for the gold That will open the gate of the Benedicks' fold. So Bertie from Gertie must hold him aloof, Till the gracious directors have granted the oof That will furnish them proof He can pay for a roof And love, to the bank clerk, is only a spoof. . We desire to be quite candid about the matter .... if the leagues make the mis take of giving a distinctive Conservative tone to the selection of candidates, they may as well disband on the instant . . . .' for 'they will run them to certain defeat." It is this kind of passage in a daily paper leading article that makes one wonder where Mr. Deakin will take that new Libei-al policy when it is handed to him for perusal and approval. Will he happen along Collins-street with it? And, by the way, how are we to recognise the true Liberal as opposed to the "Conservative?" Apparently, this valuable information may be obtained any morning for a penny. "The man who would enter the Liberal fold Must be a good boy and must do as he's told, And, if he should challenge the flat of Us. We brand him a Beastly Conservative Cuss." Many a politician has tried his best to be obedient, but has been sadly hampered by a lack of knowledge as to what he would be expected to think next week. The Australian Army is getting on, accord ing to figures furnished by the Secretary for Defence. At the present moment there are SS.525 senior cadets and 36,000 junior cadets in actual training. On July 1 next 20,000 senior cadets will move up into the Australian militia, and another 20,000 will commence their school physical training as junior cadets. No less than S4.2 per cent, of the senior cadets who have been medically examined have been passed as physically fit to become militia men. As regards the healthiness of boys, Victoria holds the premier place by a long way. Tn that State the percentage of rejects as physically unfit is only 1.3 per cent. The percentage in New South Wales is 2.S, Tasmania 2.2, West Australia 3.1, South Australia 3.4, and Queens land 4.1. In Germany the percentage of those declared physically unfit for military training averages over nine per cent., and in France ' nearly eleven per cent. The Australian medi cal test is a severe one, and the youngster who passes is most certainly sound in .wind and limb; and now that the boys are shaking down into military work, the Australian Army of the future will "be a fighting machine equal to any in the world. . » . . A' band of unemployed marched through the streets of Melbourne one day test week. . A vear or two lias elapsed since such a sight was iast seen. At the Premier's office one man said there were 6000 workless people in the metropolis. He added, however, that it would reauire a house-to?house canvass to find that number. Factory owners will not deny the existence of workless men. The influx of im-, migrants has ea,sed the labor market consid erably of late. The responsibility Is on the Government to establish farms where sur plus country labor can be taken up at any time. * * * A gift of a million sterling for philanthropic purposes, such as Mrs. Hall, widow of the Syd ney millionaire, has given to the public of Australia, rather dazzles the imagination. It ensures for all time a constant stream of wealth going to the support' of institutions which main tain the best traditions of our civilisation. A pleasing fact about Mrs. Hall's gift (fahich, rby the way, has drawn a special cable of gratitude from the King) is that tlie: donor seeks no special personal recognition from the public. The gift is made, trustees are appointed to administer the munificent fund, and that is the end of it. Mrs. Hall has set a lead to moneyed people just at the time when the piling up of individual wealth . is becoming general throughout prosperous Australia. Other mil lionaires will arise in plenty as the years roll by and the young giant of the south rises up to place and power, but to Mrs. Hall will ever belong the honor of being the first on the list of Australia's donors of millions to the public good. * * * Empire Night in the charming Melburne sub urbs of Camber well, Canterbury and Surrey Hills rivals in illuminated beauty a carnival in Canton.. The streets are pranked with Cliin#s^-7]a111«gardens burst into blos 3f light, the whole pano fbr miles is' aHft-rfttive beyond all compari . &qn' with..fritjyiHnJn.nr!itioiis on a more preten t sc@Uvt> ^n^iyninal display is becoming \aW!«nvention ^coni\SMlich the resident liouse Hg'dferi ";&lt;iaii escape. Empire loyalty, tb»yg-f>VMn. tfrrlrfl'-mynr.Ti the function first sprang, is still' ar 'lrfotive force in the show, but the aesthetic possibilities are so great that they are carrying the function far above mere patri otic sentiment. It is estimated that fully forty thousand persons witnessed this year's display -almost as many as the best-recorded football match attendance. * * «c A few weeks after the loss of the supposedly unsinkable giant of the ocean, the Titanic, comes news of the launching of the nearly last word in huge ship construction. Last Thurs day the Kaiser attended the launching at Ham burg of the new mammoth liner of the Ham burg-Amerika line, the Imperator. The vessel, which is a sister ship of the Europa (now building), is 900 feet long, 70,000 tons displace ment, and will have a horse-power of greater than anything afloat. The gigantic vessel is expected to attain a speed of 22 knots. The Cunard Co., not to be outdone, by their Ger man rivals, are having built by John Brown, of Clydebank, the Aquatania, slightly longer and larger than the Imperator, with a hoped for lcnot-an-hour more speed. In March last Harland and Wolff laid down the keel of a 950 ft. ship for the White Star line, and when she is launched she will be the biggest thing afloat. . » - . Melbourne can now lay claim to three an nual events that have become permanent and popular institutions, each with a distinctive character and undisputed claim to popular notice. To Cup Day and Henley Regatta must now be added the Empire Day celebra tions of the Eastern Suburbs. The latter has certainly come to stay, just as Henley Regatta has- come to be accepted as a great public event, its original private creation entirely lost sight of in the greater popular appeal. In the same manner Sydney's great annual event is the Easter Agricultural Show. This is above all rivalry and competition-just as the Mel bourne Cup has put itself beyond all rivalry. Adelaide's great annual popular magnet is the Onkaparinga races; whilst to come nearer home again, Ballarat lias its Lai Lai races, Bendigo its Easter Fair, and the large district of which Woodend is the centre finds all its roads for. one day in every year leading to Hanging Rock. It is a curious thing this, the growth and de velopment out of small and modest beginnings of certain popular events or institutions, spe cial to a certain place or town, and whereof no one can say exactly the why and wherefore, .and why a rival, or imitation, with all pos sible beating of big drums shall prove-abortive. As winter approaches many amateur photo graphers pack away their cameras till the following spring, and photography, their cher ished summer liob'by, is for the nonce dis missed from their minds. There are, as a mat ter of if act, many branches of the hobby which make fascinating subjects for winter even ings. Quite a number of suggestions in this direction. are made in the May issue of Har ringtons' Photographic Journal. The making of lantern slides receives special attention, and gaslight printing is also dealt with. A _ speci men copy of the journal will be forwarded, on application to Harringtons Ltd., Melbourne or SjTdney. The subscription is 4/6 per annum. 