 -:o:- . Now that "Zulu" has managed to make "Black Paddy" turn it up after 15 rounds, he surely has established his claim to a seat on the University Senate. We confidently look to our colored contemporary to speak up and demand justice for its colored protegee of yore. • 9 » Looking very wise and important these days is James Watson Brown, lawyer, who latterly, in conjunction with Von Arnheim, has joined forces in the "shark" business. J.W.B. may not be the best man in a court row, but a better adviser or office man it would be very hard to find, and a truer, better Bohemian old. bloke does not exist on the golafields. • * • Dr. Swanston's death is reported from New Zealand. Somewhat curi-* ously, he succumbed to typhoid, a disease from whose clutches he, and the nurses, rescued many hundreds of lives on the fields. True, "Swannie" strode trouble here; but a multitude of Westralians nevertheless, or perhaps rather the more, will learn with regret of his clouded a'nd untimely end. The proudest man in W.A. during Easter week was Jamie Lapsley, boss of the Fire Brigades. The little Scot had his love for brass buttons, gold iaee and burnished fire appliances indulged to the full—and a brave sight the latter presented. If Jamie's brigades were only half as useful as they are handsome, W.A. wouldn't grudge the money annually thrown away on them. * * • Clement Wragge, the weather prophet, bobs up to announce that if the Central Weather Bureau of Brisbane, hadn't been wiped out by a parsimonious Government, we should have had at least three weeks warning of the cyclone which caused such, a cataclysm on the Nor'-west coast. Presumably, the inclement one means that such would have been the case had he been the controlling genius. • * • David Solomon Ellis leaves Kalgoorlie for Sydney in good repute. Dave is a sawn-off, little Hebrew, and doesn't leave the fields dead broke—not by any means. Tis goal is Sydney, "the only place worth*living in on this island." Less than even twelve months ago David was almost a millionaire, and if that dreadful awful (well we might be pulled for libel if -we give details) Bull finch had not happened, David's several propositions • might • have materialised. • A helofa swell in Ealgoorlie during the week was no less a personage than Randolph Beech, bandmaster, musician, ex-pressman, hustler; and bustler. "Randy" banged the ivories for the Howard-Has san-Leis—(mostly Laurence) s^ow, and a marvellous good job he made of it, notwithstanding that he "wore Joe Strong's dress suit—eleven sizes too big for Him, Randolph improves on acquaintance, and his art on the piano ranks pnly with Mark Hambo org's. • • » Emily Soldene, who has just died in. London at the age of 68, was wellknown, in Australia in the midd^e rejLgh-, ties as an Operatic arti^. wW'^ai^lt' -company of her own. Always having literary leanings, she wrote a few books which .didn't set the world in a ferment of excitement, and. for some years acted as London correspondent for a Sydney paper. Emily. was a kindly soul, but either as actress or writer, never got much out of the ordinary ruck. ' • , Hard things . are frequently - said .about Billy Burton, of Kalgoorlie. His envelope momricker is W. K. Burton. Although he is not evena JJP., notwithstanding that on one almost historical occasion he was Mayor of Esperanee. Billy cin battle better than the majority, especially when an insurance deal lops on the scene. A heap of footballers are after William to again take on the presidency- of the GJT.L. and try and bring that queer combination into the possibilities of civilisation. We Wish 'em luck—all hands. • * King O'Malley, who has -been stirring things np, politically, in W.A. during the past few weeks goes East again on Tuesday next The strain of political life has told on the Minister forExteraal Affairs, and he has aged considerably in appearance and lost much of the jauntiness that distinguished him on his previous visit to tills State. His enthusiasm and energy, however, remain unimpaired, and whatever failures he may meet with in the future, will not, at all events, be due to the apathy with which so many others of • our "great • men" are cursed. » Matron Hornby Brown, who is head of the 'well-known private hospital in Mandurah-rd., South Fremantle, leaves &lt;5n an extended trip to England during the' present month. During her years of residence at the Port, she has made innumerable friends, and has won widespread , regard for her kindliness and consideration to the sick and suffering, and many people have good cause to feel the greatest gratitude towards her for her tender attention. Though Nurse Brown is a native of England, she cherishes an affection for Australia, and intends returning to take up her mission as a "ministering angel" in W.A. after her well-earned holiday. Frederick King, F.RA.M., who will be known in musical circles as the selector of musical tests for the colonial examinations, has been promoted to a seat on the board of the Royal Academy, London. On the death of Signor Randegger, a vacancy occurred, to which Mr. King was elected. Mr. King has taken over some of the pupils, among them Miss Beryl Hinde, of Kalg-oorlie. Thus, after having been under a Mr. Arthur King's training at Kalgoorlie, after four years, she again is studying under a Mr. King. s this master is credited with reat ability and is much in request, the fact that he placed Miss Hinde on is- limited list of students augurs well or the Kalgoorlie aspirant. J. J. Simons writes from New York to a member of "Truth" staff concernng an Australian who has made eood , hem all. He is biasing the sign of ustralia high in the heavens. Give y best regards to all good friends at ome. We will be back in May brimful f happy memories, but still convinced here Is no place like Australia." n America:-"! have spent a sooddeal f time here with James Francis Dw- er, an old associate of yours. Dwyer s right up in the front rank of Ameican magazine writers, and is one of he 'headliners' in the leading monthies. A story of his on Lincoln has rought him fame throughout the Unied States. I learned of this from some f the leading educationalists in this ity. Dwyer is held in high esteem by f I t b w h i f s h h a t p u e l i o W t p at b ^ w tnaSu w c s n m s p f e 