 INTERSTATE. SYDNEY, April 9. The Liuigow Vufons have decided I to fcM Qi a branch of the Federation of Labour. Au iutor-Colotiial FcdoraUou ulti mately will be formed.for th«* more successful carrying, out of strikes. MELBOURNE, April 9. Whoa tlmslng a rabbit at Tabriek a man uatued lSdward Lyou fell over the cliff iuto a creek below, -a distance oi forty feet. Hie companion climb ed down the cliff, . plunged into the creek, and brought the injured man, who was unconscious, to the bonk. Every effort Mae made' to reeusltate him, but without suocess, mA on 'be ing examined by a" doctor llf? was pronounced extinct. MELBOyRXE, April. 9. Mr. Fisher's new design for coat of arms for Australia has been tenta tively approved by-tbe HeroM'a- Col ege, London. A few suggestions have been made, but these tbe Prinio Minister etates are for heraldic pur poses, and do not affect the principal features of the design. The nt*w teat ol arms is composed of a shlcM divided into eIx compartments, in citch of which is inscribed tbe badge of one uf the States forming the Common wealth. On one side Lite shield is supported by a kangaroo, and on tbe othf-r by an emu, and wreaths ot wattle blossom flank the word "Australia." When a delegation from the min ers employed at tbe State Coal Mine waited on the general manager, Mr. Broome, to-day, .with, a view of se curing a compromise on some of . the main issues in dispute, Mr/ tiroom* objected to tbe personnel of the .delega tion and refused -to meet it. t The men held a meeting arid declft&T to 6tand by the delegate objected to. I'JBJRTH, April 9. The oinputo between the slaughter* men and the master -bulbiior&^ot 4C&1 goorlle remains unsettled, and tiie supply ot meat ceased on Wednesday, but on Fiidny the employees took up Work nt the abattoirs. They opened .wo co-operative st}ops qhd on Satar dny these shops were-crowded, 40,000 lbs .of meat being sold. In connection with the toes of the Koombaua, Clement Wragge has writ ten to the Perth newspapers to the effect thai If the Central weather Bur eau of Brisbane WAS in existence three days' warning at least wauld have been given of tbe recent cyclone 'which caused the disaster. AUCKLAND, April 9. The seventh annual Conference of the Provincial Black Chapter of the Orange Lodge at Palmerston North passed a resolution expressing their lieartfelt thanks to the Unionist mem bers of the British Parliament for opposing tbe Home Rule Bill, and ex tending tbelr sympathy with their breathren in Ireland In the fight. WELLINGTON, April *. Five Chrlstcburch youths, who had declined to take the oath under the Defence Act, making enlisting com pulsory, were yesterday sent to prison for three weeks. SUVA, April 9. tn distributing (he prizes won at the Annual Rifle Meeting on Monday (light tbe Governor, Sir Francis May,' made a statement as to tbe Moroccan question showing tbe view of a bigh official during the cftets. He Mid that in September last be had communicated ?with hie provincial officers urging pre paration for grave contingencies. His audience would know he referred to the situation created In Morocco and resultant probability of war. He ex horted riflemen to take a eerloiiB view of tbefr duties. 