 LATEST TELEGRAMS : SYDNEY. Wednesday. Mr. Clement Wragge, writing to the press stated that if the Weather Bureau at Brisbane* was still going, at an annual cost of £1500, the re cent cyclone would have been fore shadowed three days before. Owing- to the manager's refusal ? - to redress some alleged grievances, ? ~ the Abermain and Stockton Boreholo collieries were idle yesterday. The Aberdare and Aberdare Extended collieries granted the men's demands ? ? for the abolition nf fhn nffnmnnn olnff . .. and 400 men liave received 14 d*ys' notice to quit. A masked'- armed burglar ontored the residence ot Dr. Scot Skirving, at Darlinghurst, . last night', and - sue- ? ceeded in securing a quantity of jewellory and other articles. The burglar subsequently erflered an ad joining- house and secured jewelleiy valued at £50. The steamer Norseman arrived yesterday with nine hundred British immigrants for Now South Wales. 1 The Scott exploring expedition re turned to New Zealand on Monday from the South Polar regions. The Lord Mayor makes an appeal to the public for. help for the starving gomen and children in Great Britain. ' , e wishes to send tho Agent-Generat' at least £1000 every.:, two days through the Easter holidays. Mr. Fisher leaves Melbourne on the 9th inst., on a tour of the various States. After conferring with Mr. M'Gowen, Mr. Fisher' goes on* to - Queensland to help in the State elec tions. It is believed that the. Lithgow strike will be over in a day or two. At a meeting yesterday, a show of hands gave 99 in favor of a settle ment, and 75 against. The Postmaster-General' has selec ted a design for the Commonwealth ' postage stamp. It is Australian in design and said to be simple, yet expressive. . . Tbe City Council's by-law with reference to wearing unguarde hat pins is to be enforced by i^jOrial inspectors, who have been ad to keep a look out for off en®-.. an$ to take proceedings. At Sydney show, in 'the district exhibits competition, the South Coast and Tablelands scored 769 x points ; the_ Northern Rivers 575 ; the . Western districts ?' 551 ; New England 531'; and Inverell 516. . SYDNEY, Thursday. At the Rushcntter's Bay stadiulii last night, Clabby outclassed Meeghati ' on points in a 20 round contest.'.^ The Minister, for Works states that his department has been ham pered at every turn by the shortage of skilled labor. ^ Wreckage has been found near Port Hedland arid positively identi fied as having belonged to the steamar Koombana. ^ ? The total attendance at the 'Royal Show yesterday was 19,000. Justice Higgins, in a customs case, which was brought in the High Court, fined the defendant, Warren Lewis, £1211, or six times the value' of the foods imported. It is expected that a section of the /. ' North Coast railway, from Taree to Gloucester, will be completed by the end of the year. ? It is decided to remit all 'fines im posed on cadets for non-attendance at the parades aggregate. At a meeting at Lithgow it was ' resolved by a large majority to accept the agreement for resumption work. The Victorian State mine closed down owing to the abolition -df a second shift and the dismissal of about 350 men. -? -j The latest .fignres- -pf the British strike ballot show a steadily. ) in- creasing majority' against resumption of -work. King George, Queen Mary and Quean Alexandria each donated a thousand guineas to the relief of the distressed. 