 ATHERTON NOTES. (For the "K. y.. -Register.") ATHBRTON, April 8, Splendid rain has fallen since my last, bo Friday last we bad a nice shower, followed on Saturday by about halt-an-inch, and on Sunday night by three inches. On Friday nigbt a very heavy wind was blowing, reaching cyclonic force at times. It 1B reported that a small quantity ot the corn crop was blown over, but not to any great extent. On Saturday night at suMot a most phenomenal sight was obser ved, tile sky being lit up as It were by a bright crimson colored light, at .times changing to darlter colors and fading away as nightfall set In. To further mystify the nigbt almost con tinuous lightning was dashing about until welt ou to midnight, being very vlrld At times, 'and not n peal of thun der was heard. Saturday nigbt 1B one that will be long remembered in Atbr crton. Much argument ensued as ts what it all meant, some of our local "Wragges" asserting a heavy cyclone approaching, while others predicted a One to-morrow. Sunday turned out r line day, but somewhat hot, and about 7 p.m. heav.v rain set In and poureo heavily until 10 p.m., when ft eased olf; three incheB were recorded. This rain will do' an immense amount of good, more.especially in parts of the district lately visited hy the grass hoppers. Further rain appears to be hanging about, and we want more heaps of it-to give an assured supply of winter feed. The corn crop Is doing "Well. Friday night's heavy wind did not do a great deal of damage, owing to the dryness of the soil at the time. An Electoral Court was held last week, when 65 new names were ndded to tlx Baohatn roll. These wcr? names submitted at the February Court. It Is now too late* to get on the roll for the coming election, and speaking of election matters reminds me that both candidates for Eachnm, Messrs Woods and Gillies, arc working bard throughout the district, and both arc confident, but only one can win. The 29th of April will decide the is sue. The proposed Oddfellows' excursion from Cairns to Herberton last Sunday was abandoned at the last moment, owing to a special train having been engaged to run from Herberton to Cnlrns In connection with the Into Mr. Munro'fl funemt. Quite A large .number jonlcd the trata Inn md st ' Uerbcrfou. The train returned a lit* tie after 11, reaching Herberton 'after 1 o'clock. The local footballers were greatly disappointed at there being do train up to Herberton on Sunday, Toign, 1 -predict, will win the premiership ibis eeason. Cook's Pictures played to two good , bouses here lae! week, and left f"r Herberton to-day, Atbertou is rather quiet just nt pit* sent, on account of the Herberton £>Jiu^v* being on. bpei'iuJ train* u»o leaving here daily at 8.30 a.m.,. re turning at sight, BQd as the train drops passengers right at the Show Grounds* gate at Herberton, many are taking the trip up. Herberton, I hear, had fine weather, and a good attendance. Some of the many valuable prizes should find their way here* Messrs Abbott, Loder, and English sent tot« ward a fine lot of dairy cattle to com pete. Several of our jumpers and hacks nlso went up. The question is often asked, 'What are the Atherton people doing about this year's show?" A date has been fixed, and that Is about all? It ap pears the question of r. new site is the trouble. Opinions are divided *& to what is the hat one. The present grounds, Although rather small, are very picturesque, hut with a small out* lay. 5n remodelling the ring, X thintt a good grounds could he made. How* ever, It 1«? time a move was made itf the matter. I consider Athertou being so situated In tbe centre of this great tableland, should have the pre mier show of the Cairns district, and J fully expect to see this come about* A fair quantity of timber hafe been/ passing through here lately from thd Herberton end, including BuppUes railway sleepers, which, I presume, artf for use on the Cairns line, for renty rations, etc. 