 A Prophet's Predictions. HEAT WAVES,CYCLONES, AND .QUAKES. Australasia is in for a hail time. Past disasters will pale Into Insignificance if tlio predictions of tlie latest prophet-or oven a minimum of them-como to. pass. And there is alwf.ys a chance that one nifty strike It right, and establish a reputa tion for accurnto foresight. Many weather prophets have arisen in Australia of late years, but they have been content to stop at predicting for a year ahead. To Barmedmtn, however, belongs the honor of.producing a prophet who has eclipsed tho predictions of all the names known to Australia. Egeson, Russell, Wragge, Hunt, and the man from Moree are not now in it. The new man is silent as to his system. It may be as simple and as convincing as aching corns in the act of foretelling rain. But whatever it is, neither time nor dis tanco checks its efficacy. Isobaric pres sure, high level stations, kites, barometric observations, and tlio like, which are be lieved to figure largely In the elaboration of the forecast of a day or BO, have been overshadowed. Even Zadkiel, Old Moore, and the other great predictors, have contentod themsolves with hazarding the doings of a day, but the Barmedmau prophet's predictions are onough to make tlio boldest of Australia's citizens shiver In his shoes. Neither Mr. M'Gowen nor Mr. Wade, nor the Egyptian plagues, could promise greater disasters than Mr. H. WMBIi, of Barinedman, who writes, under date May 2, as follows: "During the first part of 1913 there will bo great heat waves, causing many deaths, cyclonic disturbances, causing towns and shipping to be seriously affected, and devas tating floods, causing great loss of life and property. "Droughty conditions will rulo more or loss until 1918. Then there will bo a return to a succession of g.ood seasons. Thore will bo an earthquake in Now Zealand in the year 1912; and an earthquake in Aus tralia beforo 1917; and, owing to tlio great depression that is about (to affect this country, free or assisted immigration to Australia will cease in 1913. The great drought of 1912 will continue until the end of this ye!>r. (Signed) H. Walsh, the Bar mcdman Weather Prophet." 