 General News. It Bbould not be very lone now before our telephone system is in full swing. Fred Connau^hton, Bill Marley and others have gone for a trip to Colombo Most of the firemen arrived back in Meekatbarra by Wednesday night's tram The Rev. Green should arrive this week and preach his first sermou here buBGay, » A .TA e °i smaIJ -Po* was reported on board the Malwa when she arrived from Colombo last week. The Road Board has ommeaced clear ing all the stones snd bushes oft the ton TJ are situated. »P as far as bouse? " ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ &lt; Notice is given in our advertising col- SaSSt ° U M ° ndaya Wednesdays and Following are results of the AW A the month:-Be^eip'ts, ; expenditure, JE68 18s Hd • net proceeds, £205 9s«2d. * b * ' Edward Payne, the well fenowh pros pector of Paynesville, and well known on the Murchison died in Geraldtdn hospital an April-7, two days after admission. Ia our advertising 6olumns the A.W.A committee tl&uk she stall-holders, assistants donors of goods and money, and fell who assisted in any way to make the baxaar so successful. &lt;f l M . r Cement Wragge writing tb the ct / , w s 8t ? ted that if -the Central Weather bureau had tieeh in existence at Brisbane, three days Earning at least would have been given of the recent cyclone off the North West coast At Mount UMagddt on eveming last the Rev A. J. and Mrs. Witbins (at one time residebtS at the Greenough), w£re ebtertained at asocial, at which Mr Wilkins was presented with a cheque for £80, the hope fceing expressed thai he Would long remuto at Magnet. Miss Ada Ward made an interestingan Qooucement m an address giveb by her to a large gathering of people, " Bhe stated,that she intended to throw iip the evangelistic work in which she had* been engaged fdr the past ten years and rettirn to her stage, the scede of tiiany triumphs fdr her. * r . The Bitnddfy Times scheifce'of gathering in £900 to Bend young ©anetan, who was recently refused permission tb sit for the Rhodes Scholarship, to Oxftfrd is ripidly attaioing fulfilment. £"7l0 odd has been subscribed already so w» Should soon hear 6f this brilliant young scholar being on his wky to the Old Dart. Until recently Meekafiiarra had reputation of being Entirely devoid Of members of the colored rice' and foreign nationalities. At present we have a number of Britishers, Who advocate a " White Australia,'." patronising the colored laundry, whilst we h£ve dozens of i&undries run by proficient 'country Women of our own. . . Accomodation in Geraldtbh was very scarce during Easter, &nd as a con sequence local botelkeepert weren't to6 amiable to fresh visitors'. Several Mur- chisonit&s recently arrived from Perth about font o'clock one Sunday morning and sought accomodation with all. the usual freedom of goldfieldites, but with Ao success. They couldn't even wake the dogs of the hoosels around, and. at last were obliged to gb back t6 the railway carriages -aod wait ufttil the hotels opened Several fogies were also on board the same train and wer6 also forced into the same predicartent. The r&ilWay .official3 declare that thiB is quite a common procedure and it &ust be One that Geraldton with its boasts of increased prosperity, must be quite proud of. On Thursday niaht last fa the A.W.A. Hall, the third A.W.A. picture entertain ment was held tor which the, usual fair crowd showed up. Theprbgiram^e ^R ^ good : one. The Show opened with "The Steel Town," a series &lt;>$ views Comprising a survey Of one of the chief German oentres. and snowing the tiiany marvels of steel it cdntafos. "The Riser's iHeart," an exciting drama showing how an old ttiiser forms 'a deep attachment for a tiny girl. Brfr^lars fry to induce him to reveal the combination of his safe and suspend the little bne froob the window threatening to drop her.. She is 'rescued just as the old man gives in. The Gay Lord Dude," n very funny picture explaining bow Da'sie earned a nice bath in a middy pool. n Magic Art," shows the Uncanny' effects --aused by the invisible Manipulation of clay. "Loves Victory," powerful drama in which a girl rons away with her lover, and is married on a dying railway trolly "A Horse of the Regiment." a splendid comic, "Salt WorKng in Sicily,** an interesting industrial subject, The Land Thieves," shows how an emigrant seeking a home, is warned off by laud thieves. He defys them and falls their victim. Help arrive"! from forest rangers The Little Fire Chief." a drama in which a little boy brings about the meeting of his sister with a fireman -who quickly makes chnms with the young lady, and everything proceeds satisfactorily-' "Heroes Tbre*," a delightful comedy in which .three ..young society men start an amateur firebrigade. They get a call, and reach-tho fire when it has i burnt itself out. The same programme Will be repeated bn.Mond^y.Jiigfctt - " h i w o 