 Ill» —MM——————————— " THE MAJESTY OF CREATION." MASTERLY EXPOSITION BY MR. CLEMENT WRAGGE. The keynote of Mr. Clement Wragge's lec ture at the Oddfellows' Hall on Monday night was the presence and omnipotence oi the Almighty in everything in the universe, ih.> flintiest. nrotoolnsniic germ to the ! greatest of all creations— man. The lecture i was on "The Majesty of Creation," and | right well was the subject, dealt with. Mr. ) Wragge -is not only a meteorologist oi I note; lie has attained considerable reputa- I lion as a raconteur. He .did not weary | iiia audience with scientific expressions cal culated to -mislead rather than instruct, and levelled above the heads of the unini- > « : .i &lt; si/l. ii tltn I'nnl.vn i'v V»5s 1 ti n rrTI fltTG WHS in everyday terms, which the simplest 'mind could follow. A.s a result the lecture | was both interesting and instructive. Mr. Wragge, at the outset, explained that the subject was so vast that lie would- tic un able to deal adecfuately with it owing to I the short time at his disposal. It was somewhat of a coincidence that whilst the lecturer was explaining the mysteries of creation and the groatness of the Creator a sharp thunderstorm was raging outside, the booming of heavenly artillery, accom panied by vivid flashes of lightning, seem ing to 'illustrate a-nd emphasise the words spoken. The beauty and majesty of creation were impressed ujion those .present by a series of splendid views- of file ana vegetation m all parts of the world, and in various phases. Mr. Wragge explained that na ture's handiwork was like a grand peal from a superlative organ, sweet music which our ears -were not sharp enough to hoar. The various constellations were ; screened and dealt with in much the same ; manner as on Saturday night. The sun, | he sa'id, was 806,001) miles across, whilst the insignificance of this earth was almost contemptuously presented when it was explained that it was three thous and times smaller than its star — the sun. It had now, proceeded the lecturer, been scientifically decided that the earth was 1)00,000,000 years old, and this statement was folio wed, by illustrations of the cool- ing-off process of the earth, preparatory to the reception of man. Photos of our first fathers were also screened, and one must ! admit that these gentlemen were anything but presentable. Mr. Wragge does not be lieve in the .Darwinian theory as to the origin of man; he contends that man was | a special evolution in himself, whilst the I monkey was- a "throw back" from man. The "Hoskins blizzard" was dealt with an a novel manner. This was the name 'given to the cyclonic disturbance which af- Ifected this neighborhood on Friday, Do- I comber 29. He then proceeded to explain :how the disturbance occurred, and how it I fizzled out. He, however, expressed the (hope that Mr. Iloskins would not fizzle out in this manner. His prediction that from 1909 to 1915 there would be a slight drought was justi fied by the lecturer, and other matters oi an astronomical nature spoken of. The lecture concluded with an exposition of the legend of the man who wished to see the the universe. Rev. .Father Sheridan presided over a fair attendance. At the conclusion of the lecture a -demonstration of the powers of radium was given to an interested audi ence. 