 A PROPHET'S PREDICTIONS. Heat Waves, Cyclones, and. 'Quakes. Anstrnb'ii.'i is in for a bad tunc- Past disasters will pale into insignificance if the predictions of tho latest prophet or even a minimum of them—come to pass. And there is always a chance that one may strike it right, and establish a re putation for accurate foresight. Many weather prophets have arisen m Australia of late years, but they have been content to stop at predicting for a year ahead. To Barmcdinan, however, belongs the honor of producing a prophet who has eclipsed the predictions of ill the names known to Australia. Egeson, Russell, Wragge, Hunt, and the man from Moree are not now in it. The new man is silent as to his system. It may be as simple and as convincing as aching corns in the act of foretelUng 'rain. But whatever it is, neither time nor distance checks its efficacy. Tsobaric pressure, high level stations, kites, baro metric observations, and the like, which are believed to figure largely in the ela boration of the forecast of a day or so, have been overshadowed. Even Zadkiel, Old Moore, and the other great prcdicters, have contented them selves with hazarding the doings of a day, but the Barmedman prophet's prs dictions are enough to iirnkc the boldest of Australia's citizens shiver in his shoes. Neither Mr nor Mr Wade, nor the Egyptian plagues, could promise greater disasters than Mr 11. Walsh, of Barmedman, who writes un der date. May 2, as follows: — "During the first part of 191S there will be great heat waves, causing many deaths cyclonic disturbances, causing towns'and shipping to be seriously af fected, and devastating floods, causing great loss of life and property. "Droughty conditions will rule more or less until 1918. Then there will be a return to a succession of good seasons. There will be an earthquake in New Zea land in the year 19U2; and an earthquake in Australia before 1917; and, owing to the great depression is about to af fect this country, free or assisted immi oration to Australia will cease in 1913. The great drought of 1912 will continue untirthc end of this year.—(Signed) H. Walsh, the Barmedman Weather Pro phet." 