 HALLSVILLE, (From our Correspondent.), Taking a retrospective view of tlio last 12 months, with us, as in the case of all olil-establlshcd agricultural districts, the seasons, the crops and dairy are the chief topics wprthy of special nolo. ,Tho eeaaous have been wretched—heavy , hailstorms and windstorms and cold chan ges alternately. A terrific windstorm this month unroof* ed a big bayshed at Mr. Harry Dennlng's, and also uuroofed sheds and destroyed wind* mills at Messrs. J. J. PJpor's, Pullman's Muggleton's, and othorB, right up Moor Creek, creating wholesale devastation right through to Moonbl. The wheat yields hore have run from one bag up to ten per acre, according to the conditions under which it was put in; and it will not exceed eight bushels. This partial failure is attri buted to the absence of October rains, which were also responsible for a slightly Inferior grain in places. It Is plump and hard, but In comparison with normal seasons Is on tho light side; and it is hard to put threo bushels in a bag. A variety of wheat that has Stood the idiosyncrasies of the season Is Yandilla King. Although no largo areas of it were planted here, it stools out well, has a long firm stem and large heads, and weighs" well. Largo areas wero fallowed this year; and light sandy or loamy ground beat heavy ground out of sight in ovory In* stance. Dairying Is stoadily.on tho increase, and is tho main standby of tho mixed farmer—' and Judicious worklug is a never-falling source of income. The lack of autumnal rains and a conse quent failure of winter feed (except for those who had lucerno) wero responsible for a shpr.tag© of oream, which was nearly tho meaju.of stopping tho running of our local cream van; but the ownor (Mr. A. Doolan) gamely kept It going, and of courso was compensated as soon as the monsoonal raJn came In November, by loads of cream which gladdened tho heart of tho dairyman, especi ally whllo butter kept nt 120/ per cwt. In this way the man whose wheat failed had his cream chequo to fall back on; but tho man who depended solely on his wheat suf fered—moro particularly thoflo*who lost last year's crop through the disastrous October frost of 1910. Hailstorms bavo done considerable dam age to crops. Mr. George Wiseman had 100 apres of n 10-bag crop tureshed right out by the hail, while on the other hand ho had a magnificent lambing—100 per cont. Moral: Nevor put nil your eggs In ono bnskot! Wragge's miniature drought scared all man ner of men on the land, and when the boun tiful tropica] rains set in. giving immunity from that dreaded scourge, cyclones, and blenched wheat wcro a more circumslaucc compared with the'vast amount of good the general rains did to the parched earth. At any rate a noticeable air of general pros perity and contentment seems to prevail throughout tho district. "Whether it derived its source from wheat, wool, or cream. Is hard to say, but probably it was from all of three. Everything points to a prosperous begin ning for 1912. May it continue ho, and eclipse all previous years for the man on tho land is tho wish of your correspondent, who takes this opportunity pf wishing your readers and the staff of the "Daily Ob server" tho compliments of the season. December 29, 1911. 