 ! LOCAL AND GENERAL. | Jl unionist CjlUlli'll.— Sunday, March IIS. — Brobenah 10.30, Colinroobio 1J0, Narandora 8 p.m. Kcv. I'. L. Black. Ciii:kcii ui1 Eni:i.akii.— Services ou Sun day u,.xt, March I7th. will be as follows:— Nnrandeni. S ii.in., 11 a.m., 7.W p.m.; (il'UQK UroilK. 11 ll.Ul. I'KKiiDVTKitiAN ('liuia'll. — Services Inest Sunday are as IoIIohs:— Jv'arandora 111 a.m., anil S p.m., DarliiiRlun foinl 3 p.m., Whitton 'iM-'i (Harvest I''ustiva|). 1(. C. Cmj|!l.'ll.— Mass as follows:— Niirundnra, Sunday 17lh, 7.30 unly ; j (J rout' 0 nuii,', Sunday JUlh : Narandera, | Bundav 24th 7.;)ll nuly; .Morunduh,24tl],U. j KxcfRSKiN.-Tliu Kailway Department ' announces in this iasue llin running of i cheap trains to Sydney for tho liaster 'Holidays, the Tures liy wliicli will heat | tho rale of single fare for the douhlu i journey. Ckii-kct.— Tlioru will U- uu mutclics in L'uunvuliuii ivilli tlie lofiil .\nnucialwn tu-iniirruu', as uu flint -late flic return nuitdi uulwccn IIib Murrumliitljji.'i! and Wdiadgery Clubs will bu iiluyvi]. 'Tns SroSEt MAit'.— Tbe propfie toieof the 'Sydney Mail' notify that the price bi thiB popular weekly has been reduced from eixpence to three ponce. 1'iANo-TuNixG.— Mr. T. II. Tliiodon lias, owing to pressure of tbusinceti, postponed hie visit to Nurandera until Monday next, 18th met. MONEy Wxthodt INTEREST.— Atten- tion is drawn to the advertisement in another column of the Coolamon and Narmndera Starr-Bowkett Society, who offer money without interest to those successful in their ballots. Motor Service.— In order to keep pace with the times, and meet the wishes of his many patrons; Mr. James Robinson of Deniliquin, mail contractor, has purchased a 20-30 horse power 'Flanders' motor-car, which he intends to hire for special trips. His son Mr. Frank Robinson, has spent some time in a garage, learning how to manage the car, and obtaining practical experience in effecting repairs, and the car will be &nbsp; under his care, therefore patrons can &nbsp; have every confidence in engaging the &nbsp; motor. ST. Patricks' Day IUch Club.— The committee of tho above, having been granted & date on Easter Monday, publish in this issue the programme for their second mooting, to be held on that day. The principal events are the Club Handi cap of 20 6ovs., and the Easter Gift o/ J5 sovs. : the other items beimr the Onenine, Trial, and Welter Handicaps of 10 sove. each. Nominations for all events close on Friday, March. 29th, witlitho secretary, Mr. J. Harvey, from whom all particulars may be had. am Exceptional Opportunity.— Messrs. Hulchinson and Doyle desire to announce that they intend holding a great removal sale prior to moving into their no^y and up-to-dflto premises, which are just noaring completion. The date of tho sale is fixed for Tuesday, 2nd April next, and will only last for one woek. We are informed that to save trouble and expense of shifting present stock, no reasonable offer will be refused for any article. Startling reductions are promised, lull particulars or wnicn win appear in our next issue. Narakdera Hace Cldji.— The annum meeting of the above is (ixed for Wed nesday and Thursday, May 1st and 2nd. The ISarandera Handicap of 35 sovs. will be the principal event of the first day's racing, and there will al6O tie a Fljing Handicap, High Weight Handicap, and Autumn Handicap of 15 sovs each, and the Maiden Tlate of 10 sovs. The Town Plate of ^15 sovs., will be chief of the second day events, the others being the Murrumbidgee, Welter, and Farewell Handicaps of 15 sovs. each, and the Trial Handicap o{ 10 soys. Nomina tions for the Narandftra Handicap and Town Plate close on Tuesday, lGth April, and ior all other events on Mon dav, 29th April. Park Grants.— Mr. V. Mctiarry for wards the following letter for publica tion:— 'Department of Lands, Sydney, 29th February, 1912. Sir,— 1 have the honor to inform you that the following apportionment of the JE95. allotted for your electorate in connection with the general distribution of this financial year's park vote, has been made as desired by you. Coolamon. Kindra Park, £10 ; Currawarna Reserve, JE10 ; Narandera Park and Recreation Ground .£20; Wagpa Wagga Reserve, .£25; Barellan Reserve, £10; Kamarah Reserve, .£10 ; Gantuarn Keserve, 39935, £10. The Trustees of the above men tioned areas will be duly uotilicd by the Treasury when the money is available for tueir use, witli the exception ol Narandera Park and Recreation Ground, and the Wagga Wagga Reserves ; pay ments of the grants in these cases being withhold pending the adjustment oi the previous advance. I have the honor, etc. Aktuuh J. Hare Under Secretary. ORANOE-BLOssosid.— A quiet, wedding was celebrated at the Methodist Church on February 20th. when the Eev. P. L. Black joined in tho holy bonds, John, eldest son of Mr. and Mrs. J. Hanlon, of Junoe, and Lillie Jean, only daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Slender, of Naraudera. The bride, who was given away by her father, wore her travelling dress of golden brown silk ninon, and cream hat trimmed with roses, also a gold and pearl brooch, the gift of the bridegroom. She carried a bouquet of white flowers and ferns with white streamers, sent from Sydney by the bride's aunt. Miss J. Hopwood was bridesmaid, and wore pale blue ninon; her gold brooch being the gift of the bridegroom. Mr. A. Doud, of Junee, supported the bridegroom. After tho ceremony, the guests adjourned to the residence of Mr. W. C. Slender, where light refreshments were partaken of and the usual toasts honored. Later in the afternoon the happy pair left for their home in Junee. Mr. and Mrs. Ilanlon were the recipients of many useful and handsome presents. Miss O. Adams presided at the organ. 'A Voyage Throuou the Uni VBSSE.'1 — An intellectual treat was ac i-ordcd the people of Nurandora who at tended on Wednesday night, the lecture given by Mr.Wragb'e,dealint' with the won dersof the Universe. Thelecturerheldhis hearers spell-bound, as by the aid of splen did photographs obtained from the world's greatest observatories, he took them on an imaginary voyage through the Uni verse, through the countless millions of suns and stars, each revolving according to the Great Plan, in the endless magni tude of space ; and showed how worlds were made. Particularly fine views were shown of our own sun, and the sun spots, which, according to the lecturer, were raging cyclones of great dimensions which had the effect of causing, by what was described as wireless telegraphy, earthquakes and other disturbances on this little earth. Splendid photos of the moon, depicting the mountains, craters, a ud old sea-beds on the rugged surface, and showing the great extremes of heat and cold to which our neighbor is subject, were shown. At the conclusion of his lecture Mr, Wraggo exhibited his specimens of radium, the marvellous pro perties of which astounded his audience. To-morrow (Saturday) night Mr. Wragge makes absolutely his last appearance in Narandera, when he will deal with 'Creation, The Seasons, and Radium.'1 The Kev. J..S. R. Ranking was last weelc inducted by the XVagga 1'res.bytevy into the Junee charge. That portion of the Urana Kecre ution Rcsei'vu which comprises the Rifle Range, has been withdrawn from the recreation area of the Reserve. 