 Town and CountryK | NOTE.-AU commrajoitlona inten-« Oed for this column will have to he «ccampatiied hy thc Hame and ad- dress of the sender. -Let your toilet soap be Violet Oatmeal. It's a pure sonp free from excess of soda or fat-9d cak,?, 2/ , box. Kelly. Chemist., * -Mr. S. K. page is spending a iew days at Double Island ,polni. -Mr. F. Thompson, . returned t0 Port Douglas yesterday ba the Mourilyan. ? ' -Miss Beatrice Holloway is pay- ing a visit to Double Island ipoint. -The Premier, Hr. I>. F. Denham, passes through by the Suva this morning for Cooktown, returning to- morrow night and proceeding on to Townsville, -Nothing harmful in it' pleasant to tate ; the children like it. I've sold a lot of it and will sell a lot more, its so good. Pine Tar Cough SyçuH VG bottle. Collins, in Lake St., Cnemist (by exam.) -Mr. R. 'A. Hay arrived from)'Mel- bourne jnsterday to join the mechanical staff of the "Post" as paper. ruler. -Mrs. J. Earl returned yesterday, from the south by the Mourilyan. -Mr. P. J. McDermott, Chillagoe, ?was a visitor to town 0q Sunday for the funeral of the late Mr. Munro. -As soon as word came through that the strike was declared ofT, rush was made for Ililluian's shop for now suits of thc very latest pat- tern^ and prices to snit the times. Hillman's, the home of good tnilor : taft. Abbott Street. Cairns. * . ... ->*ursè- .Rr%:~'TWb^Â^iveïi" from the south by the Mourilyan yesterday to take np the position matron of the Cairns Hospital. -Mrs. E. Helmnn arrived from thc. south yesterday. -Mr. J. G, Anderson, representing Warren's famous teas, returned yes- terday from n visit to the Ingham and Johnstone River districts, and_ leaves this morning for Port Doug -Doherty and Co. for Mineral Wntero «nd Cordials Double Soda and Horehound a speciality. Sachs street. Cairns.* -Mr. D. R. Dodds, who tas been on holidaji, has resumed his posi- tion as ? third officer of the Marloo. -Mr. and Mrs. R. C. F. Gelling I returned last evening froïa a visit | to Double Island Point. -Mr. John Mann -will address tho Cairns electors in the Shire Hall [ this evening, and he issues a cor- dial invitation" to ladies to. be pre- sent' -It's worth while using Electric Nursery Hair Wash occasionally. It strengthens and keeps the children'r heads clean-1/ .bottle. Kelly, Chem- ist.» The "Tableland .Examiner" last week apologised for literary short ïvnings on account of the Illness of the editor, Mr. Collinson. It is to he' hoped the necessity for a repe tion will be obviated by his rest0raf tion to health. -Yesterday, (Easter Monday) was observed as a close holiday in town. There were several picnic par tics to various localities, and 300 excursionists visited Port Douglas in the Mourilyan. -Two hundred remnants of Lino- leum, we would like to have but as there ia only a limited! number, get along to A. .T. Draper's "as soon as you can for the bargains will quick- ip sell.» - -The steamer Mataram, en route to Singapore, arrived at the an- chorage yesterday, afternoon. Tho vessel shipped a quantity of ore at this port and was expected to resume her voyage nortjh at an i early hour this morning: j -The Marloo leaves lor southern] Ports to-morrow at 5 p.m. j -" Our Jack.*'-Look .. for . tbi" j brand on Coffee Essence, Ccrry S i-'owder. Pure Pepper, Hot Punch, ¡j .Telly Crystals. Soup and ? Gravji ' Essence, Baking Powder, etc, etc. They are perfect.* -Mails for the south by the Mar- loo to-morrow close for packets aril newspapers at 2.45 p.m., ordinary letters at 3.45 p.m., and late iee letters . at 4 p.m. The southern mail bji the Suva tq-morrow closes at 7.45 P-mï -5fr. Andrew McLadfian, for. manjV years a. highlji respected miner ot I Eidsvold, and father ot Mt. veter ilftLachlàn, M.L.A., diedi in Brisbane a ow dnys ago, aged 79 years. j ' -^fr. Clement iL. Wragge .vrites from Chiltern (Vic,), under date ,of 1 March 29 : -'Just alfow rúe o say, in simple justice, that if the central weather bureau in Brisbane had \)cen in existence-the annual vote for which did not exceed £1000 ur an- num- three daysj warning at least would have been given of tho re- cent cyclone off the north-west coast bf Australia. -Remnants of linoleum are now hoing sold at A. J. Draper's Curni [ lure warehouse. Be an early bird and get away with a choice bar- gain.» -Mr. John MacKiehan. formerly the manager of the Union Trusten Company^ and previously a well known grazier, died in Malvern (Melbourne) a few days ago. Tne deceased, who -was 73 years of age, had been connected with the com- pany! since its inception. His wife predeceased him some years ago and he leaves three daughters and two sons. -The Hon. R. Philp left by. tho Demosthenes from Fremantle on his way to the Old Country. -Mosquitoes are still rampant and Craig's "Skeeto-3ane" is in greater j request than ever. Gives sure pro- tection from the sinful pests. 1/ boitles. Tosted 1/3. Robert Craig Chemist,-* -Mr. R. 'Stewart, manager ofR0ss» River meatworks, left Townsville by the Grantala on Thursday for Bris- bane, where he will assist in. ? tho direction of the company's operar tions at headquarters during the absence of Hon. R. Philp. . -It isn't sticky. You can úse on jour hands and draw '. on. ' your ']"tlcû~arr^?ôi "irectOc ~-Sit' gooO al- together for the skin. "Thora:" Freckle Cream, 1/6 pot. Collins, in T.ake Srreet, Chemist (by exam- ination).* . . The Government Statistician cives the population of the Tinaroo Shire district (including part of Eacham Slhire at the time included m. Tin- aroo) at 3rd April, 1911 :. Males. 2092, females 1152 ; total 3214.. -For aching heads, rheumatism, and neuralgia there is no remedy like tîie "Mulgrave Headache Cure," lt. cures quickly and surely, con- tains no opiate or injurious drug, and should be in every, home. 2/6'.a bottle. 3/ posted. Sole" proprietor, Robert, Craig, Chemist.* -Over SO tons of tin concentrates were shipped from Herberton last week, being the product of local mines. Thursday's train conveyed 45 tons of tin, the result of a fine crushing of the Rainbow mine, valued at £6650. -Mr. J. Hooper, Cairns, was yes- terday married to Miss Lily Walton, in St. Alban'sChurfh of England, by the Rev. H. Wooilger (says the "Tohnstoni; River Advocate" of the 4th instant. The wfdding presents were numerous, -lust landed another supply .of Bishop's Citrate of Magnesia-in large bott'es orj? shiHin-i each. Cit- rate of Magnesia is on? of the most, valuable of rooVng m"Uirinis. and being very pleasant to take, is es- pecially nriapte'd for the young folk. Robert Craig. Chemist.* -The steamer Palmer arrives to da.v&lt; en route to Part T>ou^.las, hav- ing temporarily replaced the Ku- randa. 