 Wragge Ridiculed. ! The dreadful drought predicted by Mr. Clement Wragge, does not find any credence amoDgst - the weather ' prophets of Victoria. They maintain that Mr Wragge has been indulging in | " Jeremiads " for nine yearB, and that it would be distinQtly hard luck if he were not right some time or other. ' One of the chief of the weather-wise said Mr Wragge's general assertions are irrebuttable. During the summer [ time we shall most likely have extreme heat on hot days, especially in inland an l tropical narts of Australia, and in winter time we are likely to have rains i or fogs, and on the tops of mountains of high altitude snow will fall. .' Ovor in Western Australia it may be confidently predicted that copious rains will fall during the wet season, and on the north-west coast provision should be mace for willy-willies ; in Queensland we may expect cyclones in the cyclonic season ; and iu Sy Iney the atmosphere will be humid when condi tions make for humidity. "In short, one could not be far wrong when tipping to mention that ; there will be south winds, when the wind is blowing from the south In all these particulars not orie can possibly; disagree with Mr. Wragge. " Spoaking seriously, there is no : scientific data known to man that will etiablo ' anyono to predict, with any degree of accuracy, what the weather will be two or three years hence. This ; is the consensus of opinion of the princi- ? pal authorities of the world, who. are especially studying this problem . o£ weather prediction. " Going back to Mr. Wragge, it, will be remembered that he promised a vory bad season for Victoria in 1911, whereas wo had an exceptionally good and bounteous season;.., Gippsland Was to be burnt up." As a matter of fact, Gippsland was blessed with an abundant rainfall, and her primary industries wero j in a vory flourishing condition. The ; only way I can possibly ^aterpret the j doleful - warnings which Mr. Wraggo - issues at intervals is to take the reverse as being likely to happen. What he has said has net occurred. Therefore, wo may assume that what he doeB not say will probably happen." 