 A "PROPHET'S" PREDIC TIONS. HEAT WAVES, CYCLONES, . 'QUAKES. Australasia is in for a bad time. Past disasters will pale into insignifi cance if tlie predictions of latest pro phets—or even a minimum of them— come to pass. And there is always a chance that one may strike it right, and establish a reputation tor accur-. ate foresight. Many weather prophets have arisen in Australia of late years, but they have been content to^stop at predict ing for a year ahead. To Barmedman, however, belongs the honour of pro ducing a prophet, who has eclipsed the predictions of all the .names known to . Australia. Egeson, Russell", Wragge Hunt, and the niaii from Moree are not now in it. The new man is silent as to. his system. It may be as simple and as convincing as aching corns in the act of foretelling -rain.; But whatever it is, neither time nor distance checks its efficacy. Isobaric pressure, liigli lev- ■ el stations, lr tes, barometric observat ions, and the like^ which are believed to figure largely in the elaboration of the forecast of a day or "so have been overshadowed. Even Z'adkiel,' Old Moore, -and tlie other great predicters, have cmitented themselves with hazarding the doings oE a day but the Barmedman prophet's predictions "are enough . to make the boldest of Australia's citizens shiver in his shoes. Neither Mr.McGowen nor Mr -Wade, nor the' Egyptian, plagues could promise greater disast ers than Mr H. Walsh, of Barmedman,. who writes under date, May 2,. as" follows:-— , "During the first part of 1913 there will be great heat waives, ca'uSf Ing many deaths, cyclonic disturban ces, causing towns and shipping; to be seriously affected; • and devastating1 floods causing.great.loss ot life and, property. : : "Droughty conditio^ .jsyjlj , rule, more or less until"'. 191$.' ' Then -there will be a return to a succession of good seasons. There wilF- :He'i;?an" earthquake in New Zealand in the year 1912; and an earthquake' in Australia before 1917; and, owing to . the great depression'that- is about- to affect this country, free'or assisted immigration to Australia will cease in 1913. . The great drought of 1912 will continue until the end of this ■year.—(Signed) H. Walsh,- the Bar medmanWeather Prophet." 