 THE KOOMBANA. STILL NO NEWS. ? Fremantle, April ,1. There is still no news of the Koombana, which is now 11 days' overdue at Broome. In compliance with requests made by the public, the Government have held up the Bullarra at Broome and have commissioned her to prepare and provision for a search^ cruise over the known track of the cyclone,' which -plan of search has been laid off by nautical experts at Broome, men who are experienced in cyclones. The Bullarra has been instructed to report qt Cossack on April 8. The Adelaide Steamship Company have agreed to contribute one-third of the total-cost incurred in despatching the Bul- larra for this work. THE ENDEAVOR MISSION. . THE MINISTER EXPLAINS. Melbourne, April 1.' Replying to-day to criticisms ottered in South Australia on the employment of the Federal trawler to search for the Koom- bana, Mr. Tudor, Minister of , Customs, said if the Federal Government had re- fused to send the Endeavor they would have left themselves open to more severe censure. 'The Western Australian Go- vernment had originally suggesteel that a warship might be sent, but as the trawler was nearer the scene of the supposed disaster he thought it would be better to send the latter vessel. Later on Satur- day afternoon another telegram was re- ceived from the Western Australian Pre- mier, setting out that the Bullara had re- turned to Broome, but had found no trace of the steamer; that several luggers had also put in to Port Hedland after unsuc- cessful searches; and stating that the Government would be glad if the En- deavour., could be dispatched immediately to make an exhaustive search. It was also mentioned that the Government had sent out the steamer Una from Geraldton pro . visioned for six weeks. He accordingly gave instructions that the trawler should be hurried to the scene. She would go out from the mainland to make a tooronga search of the islands for any trace of .sur- vivors. "This was the best we could do," added Mr. Tudor, "and we have done it." STORM WARNINGS. 1 To the Editor. Sir-.Tost' allow me to say in simple jus- tice' that if the Central Weather Bureau, Brisbane, had been in existence, the an- nual vote for winch did not exceed £1,500 per annum, three days warning at least would .have been given of the recent cyc- lone off the north-west coast of Australia. -I nm. &C-, CLEMENT L. WRAGG-E. Chiltern, Victoria, March 29, 1912. 