 THEY SAY That the health authorities should pay more attention to insanitary Shacks. That many a breadwinner goes down to a disease caught in.a dirty dwelling. That the advent of workers' hornee will be a boon and blessing to Bill Bowyangs. That Tattersall-s Club is pleasingly convulsed over a billing match be two Of the leather-lunged. That the battle royal took place at a leading Kalgoorlie caravanserie last Sunday night. That si gilt-edged presentation is being prepared for the challenged, who proved the victor. That thc challenger's darkened op- tics will have lost their funereal ap- pearance before he returns. That -the typewriter is the latest fad "of- a seaside celebrity. That he spends a good deal of his time learning how to manipulate the magic keys. That although his studies are pro- longed and earnest he isn't making much progress. That the fact of the teacher being young and tasty probably accounts for his backwardness. That the Needham-Forrest comedy was paralleled at a Perth splicing. That a bottle-O refused to attend a weddVig unless he was given prece- dence over the bookmaker's clerk. That because the cabinetmaker kiss- ed the bride firsts the slaughterman "went sour." That the sawn-off Senator is to be qpHC&led to to settle these delicate points of precedence. That a Claremont madam is offering a reward for thc miscreant who dyed her dog. That having painted the "sooner" purple they sooled him along the streeL That it cost the owner half a sove reign to get the canino cleaned. That Ute greatest incentive to the success of Chow laundries is the white variety thereof. That one of the most-boomed white washpries takes a fortnight to cleanse _/ ciothes. That while an exasperated public can't get its clean collar the Mon- golian makes money. That the antediluvian section of the Liberal League arc wondering what's in the wind. That the whisper of a new political organisation is disturbing the placid air that breathes around the has-beens. That they fear an Inclement Wragge kind of political cyclone that will un- roof their ant-eatcn habitat. That a recent levan ter got away with £1500 of thc very best That the favorite song of his friends is "He'll Never Come Back." That thc watermelon -. wolfing mat cues of America are eclipsed at Os- borne Park. That a party x»f Perth sports deter- mined to try the new asparagus cure. .That in their sublime efforts to. turn vegetarians they ate..the roof of the garden. That if it had not been for the pre sénce of a Tyler they would have mas- ticated the bush fence. That on: a recent railway tour two commercials discussed a recent wed . ding. That thc parties to the bitching were in the yery adjacent half-compart- ment. That in the midst of the cag-mag the bridegroom broke in and made things willing. That the Government's action with regard to the dairies should bc a warning to butchers. That if the State can protect the public against impure milk it can also prevent the sale of putrid meat. That some coastal butchers, run in cag-mag to customers when they get a chance. / That our health inspectors should get a move on and put them in their place. « That a West Perth boarding-house is in a state of Sherlock Holmes. That as the mysterious widow is sus ; peeled of being boodled every male . paying guest is on her track/ . That they are collectively spending - pounds per week in trying to. locate the amount of thc lady's lucre." That if her Mulgaland hubby gets wind of the ioke he will hurry down and cause Cain. That a well-known high-diver isnt w doing any more from Canning Bridge. That having arranged to leap from the top rail he left his togs on thc. sand. That on returning for tb cm some unfeeling pirate had been there before. That he was compelled to borrow a chaff-bag wherewith to ambush his blushes. That thc worries of a local bio. man have increased since vaudeville turns were introduced. That parents of precocious singing' brats waylaid him on the road from home to the hall. That he now avoids being, bailed UP by residing in the pub attached to the pictures. That he gets in to rehearsal by burg- ling through a window in the wall. That a recent voice trial at a local picture garden recoiled on the jokers. That baring kidded an alleged ama- teur vocalist to warble a collection was taken up. That thc chief conspirator who in- tended to donate a ha-penny threw in a sovereign. That before the error could be rec- tified thc bénéficiaire had fled. j That an ex-councillor is earnestly; asked to gag his tendency to talk of his travels. That on a recent steamer excursion he cooled the coffee with "wot 'e saw in Paria" That he never failed to let the com- pany know how many francs each feed cost. That his description of the Coliseum recalled a peroration by Pink-Top. That an absent bio. patron came near annihilation last week. That having gone out in the inter- val to see a cove about a clove he came back in the dark to thc wrong seat. That as soon as he was seated he prospected for thc pa«- of his partner. That he was immediately made aware that he was fondling the wrong fist. That South Beach was last week en- livened by a howlsome happening. That the dad of four buxom daugh- ters objected to thc fat butcher's at- I tentions. That In order to rebuke the beau I the old man waded into the water. That when he had thrown a jelly- fish at the . flirt he discovered he ha"3 pelted the wrong person. That the scandalcats of Yarloop are to have a new camp erected for future corroborées. That the site chosen is to be ad-, jacent to thc powder magazine That Yarloop's earnest prayer is should the powder explode the most garrulous gossip will be missing. 