 POPULAR ASTRONOMY, LECTURE BY MR WRAGGE Forbes has been on the qui vive for the past week or two in antici- pation of a visit from Mr Clement Wragge, who may with truth be said to occupy a foremost position amongst the world's meteorologists, and whose popular lectures through- out Australia, illustrated as they are by rare slides, are so eagerly looked forward to. Astronomy is such a vast subject that it is not an easy matter to make it interesting to all; only the thoughtful and intellectual fully appreciate a lecture on the sub- ject, and, unhappily, the majority are not both intellectual and thoughtful, and there is unfortun- ately in this generation a tendency towards the burlesque play, the taw- dry novelette, "what's the matter with father?" and "The bloodstained pirate of the Spanish main." But Mr Wragge handles his stupendous subject so lightly and airily, and spices it with touches of delicious humour that you feel at the end of the lecture that you have been un- consciously acquiring a knowledge of the universe, which otherwise could only be acquired by hard reading, or a course of study. The lecturer was introduced to his audience on Tuesday night by the Mayor of Forbes (Alderman J. Ed- wards) and by the Rev. J. McDowell (Presbyterian), who had been asked by the Mayor to officiate In his prob- able and unavoidable absence. But a Council meeting lapsed for want of a quorum, and the Mayor was per- mitted at the last moment to attend. The audience was large, and restive because of the heat of the full hall, but the lecturer maintained an edu- cative and discursive discourse. The screen on which the pictures were thrown announced the astounding fact that the value of radium is £3,584,000 per lb, and the lecturer further expatiated on the virtues of this rare element, a saltspoonful of which was sufficient to raise 500 tons a mile. "There is only a tablespoonful of it in the world, and I have the finest specimen of it in the southern hemisphere." It is found in pitch blende ore in Austria, and "there is no reason why it should not be found here in Austra lia," he added. Taking his audience with him by his easy conversational comments, and without overburdening them with the weight of figures, Mr Wragge showed how the emanations of ra- dium would travel 186,000 miles in a second, and yet it would take 2000 years to reach Alpha Centauri, whose solar system is our next door neigh- bour. By a vivid picture, he started out with his audience with a glitter- ing, clear, cold phantasmagoria of millions of stars, as seen through the bright rare atmosphere of the Himalayan mountains (Mr Wragge pronounces it Himalayan, with the accent on the first vowel "a," as in far). Next he visited the great Lick observatory, in the United States, wth it's 36-inch great equa- torial telescope, and we saw the wonders of the heavens through it; then the constellation of the Great Bear (Ursa Major) , with our own Southern Cross, and its two poin- ters, the lower of which is Alpha Centauri. Here followed one of Mr Wragge's apt illustrations. "Im- agine a railway," he said, "from the earth to Alpha Centauri, and the fare one penny per hundred miles, and what would it cost to reach that star? £700,000,000! The national debt of Great Britain! And then you would have to ask for more! How much? Another 200 millions! Travelling at 60 miles an hour, which is about the speed on the Forbes railway—(Laughter) — it would take 41 billion years to reach your destination! Who'll take a return ticket?" (Laughter). And so on, with here a sarcastic touch, and there a deliciously hu morous side remark, we went with him wondering at immensity, as- tounded at our littleness, in ador- ation of the Great Almighty, and roused from the serious phase every now and again by some quaint quip. He was describing the sun spots, the tremendous hurricanes, vortices, and cyclones of whirling combustion in one of these heat centres, and of how, in the combustion of the hy- drogen in the sun, the flames leaped outwards from the sun's surface to a height of from 60,000 to 324,000 miles, and he showed us our poor insignificant little earth in the chaos. It looked the size of half a-crown. "And yet you can't see Forbes, or Mr Speaker Willis, or Hosltins' smelte s at Llthgow." Space doesn't permit of following the lecturer all through the constel- lations of the Pleiades, Cygnus, and Orion, nor of describing the magni- ficent pictures from the sensitive plates of the observatories at the Lick, Heidelberg, Chicago. "Death is change; the spirit, or the soul, or the ego is immortal," said the lecturer: "nothing is utterly destroyed, no thing can be lost. If you could an- nihilate even the smallest insect, you would upset the plan of the uni-. verse." Some of the youngsters in the audience laughed at the idea of not being able to destroy the flea; : it tickled them. The holocaust of plague bodies at the sacred city of Benares, in India, was used to illus- trate that death is only change. Visits to the South Pole, with pic- tures of the auroras, or sun spots, of the milky way, and of a number of eclipses of the sun, Vesuvius in eruption, and of the effect of an eclipse of the sun on the nervous system of a hen, causing her to lay two eggs consecutively. Then, in the second part, beautiful views of the moon, and to finish with, a view of that rarest of elements, radium. Frank Denison Brown, general manager for Australia, of the Singer Company, has been arrested at Fre- mantle, on the steamer Morea. He will be brought back to Sydney as soon as possible. Arrangements have been made to extradite the firm's accountant, John McPherson, who has been arrested on a charge of embezzlement at San Francisco. 