 A Prophet's Predictions. MEAT WAVES, CYCLONES, AND 'QUAKES. Australnrin Is in for a bad time. ' Past disasters will pale into Insigni ficance if the predictions of the lat est prophet— or even a minimum of them— come to pass. And there is always a chance that one may strike It right, aod establish a reputation fur accurate foresight. Many weather prophets have arisen In Australia of lste years, but they have been content to atop at pro- dieting1 for a year ahead. To Bar- medxnan, however, belongs the honor Af producing a prophet who baB eclipsed the predictions of all tbe names known to Australia. Egsaon. Russell, wragge. Hunt, and tbo man from Moree are not now In it. Tbe new man is silent as to nls system. It may be as simple and as convincing as aching cores in the act of foretelling rain. But whatever ft is, neither time nor distance cheeks its efficacy. Isobaric pressure, high level stations, kites, barometric 1 observations, and tbe like, which are believed to figure largely in the elaboration of tbe forecast of a day or so, have been overshadowed. Even Zadkdcl, Old Moore, and tbe other great predicted, have con tented themselves with hazarding the doings of a day, but the Barmedman prophet's predictions are enough to make tbe boldest of Australia's clti- sens shiver in their shoes. Neither Mr. M'Gowen nor Mr. Wade, nor tbe Egyptian plagues, could promise greater disasters than Mr. H. Walsh, of Rarmedman, who writes under date, May 2, as follows:— "During the first part of 1913 there will be great beat waves, caus ing many deaths, cyclonic dlstmban- ecs, causing towns and shipping to be seriously an'ected, and devastating floodti, causing greut loss of life and property. "Droughty conditions will rule more or less until 1918, Then there will be a return to n succession of good seasons. There will be an earth quake in New Zealand in the year 1912; sod an earthquake in Austra lia before 1917; and, owing to the great depression that is about to affect this country, free or assisted inyaigratlon to Australia will cease in 1913. Tho great drought of 1912 will continue until the end of this year.— (Signed) H. Wulsh, the Bar medman Weather Prophet." 