 LUNA VERSUS SOU. Mr. Clement 'Wragge seemsi to. be erupting in a new place. He declares on his "solemn Bible oath" that if the Central Meteorological Bureau at Brisbane had been in existence, the shipping community would -have re ceived at least three days warning of the coming of the recent disastrous cyclone on the north-west coast of Australia. Mr. Wraeee, with, charac- teristic modesty, refrains from men tioning that to ensure t'he accuracy of such a long range prediction, it would be necessary for the bureau to be in charge of Mr. Wragge. But . he probably considers that goes with out saying. As a matter of cold fact however. Mr. Wragge has never yet predicted anything concerning meteorological conditions with any more 'success than any of the other meteorologists of the various Sta tes. But he has never neglected an opportunity of handing himself bou quets. Our own meteorologist, Mr. W. E. Cooke, once predicted a storm five dhys ahead, and that feat prob ably stands as a record for Austra lia. Air. Wragge 's theory that solar disturbances, as evidenced by sun- spots, profoundly affect terrestrial climatic conditions may have some thing to justify it. The opinion is not his "alone. Eminent astronomers "believe in the theory. Others do not. Mr. Wragge is not the inventor of the hypothesis, though probably most Australians imagine that he is. The majority of scientists' regard the theory as being on a par -with the popular delusion that the aspect of the moon is a sure guide to weather conditions. Some years ago Mr. Wrdgge predicted that Austra: a would be cursed -with a general drought between 1916 and 1913., He has lately been explaining that the drought he predicted was to be a very second-rate sort of affair, be cause lunar influences would counter act the solar, " and thus there would be occasional intervening rainy spells."' He has also extended the time for the occurrence of drought to 191 or 1916. Mr. Wragge is distinct ly hedging, like any ordinary turf ttp ster. Anybody can safely predict the recurrence of droughty conditions in Australia -if a few years latitude in regard to time is-allowed. And, any how, a drought which is counteracted by lunar influences resulting "in inter vening rainy spells" ought not to be a very serious matter. The con test between Luna and Sol may re sult in . a complete victory for the lady, who may, -in the language of .J — _ J « . - _ vutfiupt aremi, succwu in planting " a knockout blow on the solar plexus." 