 THE LOSS-OF T'HE EOOM1B4? A. To the Editor. Sir,-I take it as a very great compli ment, and one that I fully appreciate, that Captain C. H. Watson has thought it worth while to reply to my letter of the 4th ult. Captain Watson. from his training and also actual experience of the willy-willies of our North-West coast, is fully competent to gtoe a reasonable view of what really took place, causing the loss of the a.s. Koombana. I purposely refrained from any remarks as to the course the Koombana took, excepting the one item from Port Hiedland, that when last seen she was steaming right into the north-east gale, and from that I came to the safbe conclusion as Captain Watson, that she really ran right into the centre of the cyclone, and being subject to the terrific force of the convulsions of Nature was destroyed. The real point, to my mind, was that it was an error of judgment on the part of the captain, in leaving Port Hedland, with a low barometer. and with all the indica tions of a storm before him. But there is also this to be considered. If Captain Al len had remained at anchor at Port Hedland and the Koombana had been driven ashore there and wrecked, the probabilities are that.he would have lost his certificate, har ing acted against the Board of Trade regu lations or instructions, which, I believe, re quire a captain tuder certain circumstances to make with all speed for the open sea. Professionally and theoretically, I believe poor Captain Allen acted rightly, in putting to sea when he did. but practically it was all wrong, and here conmes in the folly of laying down hard and fast rules for navi gators, and penalising them if they act upon their own judgment, if that judgment bh contrary to rule, and does not succeed. Thu result in this case is that owing to circum stances over which he had no control, Cap tain Allen took the risk and lost his life, his certificate, as well as his ship, passengers, and crew. Personally, I do not approve of the system of, as it w.ere, terrorising mat ter mariners with the threat that if they lose their vessel, ipso facto, they also lose their certificate, and consequently with that. their means of livelihood. Such a tenor is apt to warp the judgment of the most quick witted and clearminded of men. I am glad to see that Captain Watson agrees with me that the barometer requires to be kept under constant observation. Now there is a point I should like to emphasise. and that is ib reference to the use of the mercurial in conjunction with the aneroid barometer. I consider these two baro meters should be plaeed together. the one acting as a check on the other. I consider of the two the aneroid is-the more usefat as it will frequently indicate a change 24 hours before the mercurial, but owing to its delicate mechanism the aneroid is apt to get out of order, while as a matter of fact the mercurial, though slowdr, is more reliable, owing to its struetre, and its chief utility is really in acting as a check against the aneroid. I arnm in accord wih .Captain Watson in his remarks-about Mr. Wragge's forec . I think our Government would be acting wisely and in the interest.of the shipping on our coast. if Mr. Wragge walappointed to take chae e of the Perth Obarvatory. I think this feeling-is-pretty general. Some times I have beard remarks dispaging Mr. Wragge's forecasts, but even supposing he is not always right, we must remoembe he is not infallible. All that he does i.. simply to deducefrom certain premises proh able-onseq. unes, in other words. forecasts from data obtained. That his fore casts hare proved valuable in the past, T think no one-can in truth dena. We could. therefore. reasonably expect tbht his war ings in tie future would he of service in savingnlfeantd psnenty.--VFnu. etc.. GuildfIord, July'S. P. A. GUGýI 