 QUEENSLAND WEATHER. \ Whatever mny be said of the prophecies p[ Mr. Clement Wragge as to seasonal fore casts,, there, remains considerable doubt as to whether tho splendid seasons the coun try has enjoyed for a number of years, past nro not about to give place to a period of dryness (says the Brisbane correspondent art.hu 'Australasian.') On a provlous 'occa sion. Ihnvo mentioned the spell of dry wea ther In tho pastoral districts, and more' ro csntly the 'unexpected rnlns, which ? 'have suddenly relieved the sheop and cattlo own ers of present anxiety. But the rest of the State has not enjoyed the same relief;. Iso lated showers from ? thunderstorms have been oxpprienced, but. those who know this State will have seen that so far there has been nothing: In the nature of a true wet season. The last l.lmo 1 referred to the mat ter. 1 said- that early monsoons might do ?something for the' sugar areas. Thora has 'ooen nothing of this so far. The wet. 'sea- son should. commence' not. later than, the sec ond week In January. Tho be&lnnlng of February should see .heavy floods; while '1*1 e season Bhould begin to change by the middle of 'March. It, ,1s true some rain Cull has been reported, but. on the whole the coastal' districts havo received points where they should havo had Inches or rain. Under these circumstances the outlook alone; tho coast Is most gloomy, and, though pi;'oplio-, sylng Is always a dangerous thing1, appoar nnces Indicate that .tho sugar crop o'f lho/ curront year will bo ono of tho lowest Blnco' 1002, and loavo a shortage, to bo mado up by 'imyiortaUons, of porno hundred thousand tons'. Moro rain' has fallen In tho southern nnd south-wostorn dairying diRtrlcts, but even thoro the .amount, Is by no moans suill cloni. i Wo havo reached tho middle of Fob'-' ruary, and neither flood nor cyclone, nor any of tho ovldoncos of a vigorous wot sonson linvo shown themselves). Floods and cyclones usually Indicate damage but tho nature of tropical nnd Homl-troptenl country Is rmch thai, tho duniugo dono by theso visitations In less than that, dono by l.holr nbuoncu. 