 WR&GGE CRITICISED on ins riuuni'TioNs. Till' (hvjulful ilroujiht predicted liy Mr. rionient WrapRe does not limi uiiv credence amongst 1 ho weather iiro]>h&lt;'(K of Victoria. They tmiintuiu that Mr. W'raggu 'has Ix-en irwIuljyiiiR in ".lereiniads" for nine years, and , thai it, would fl>o distinctly hard luik it (ho wore not light scrim: time or other. One of the chio[ of the wjatluM vyi^i saw! : "Mr. \V rage's assertions «ri» iirPbutturtjle. During Ihe suiimier time ivc KhnJl most like ly huv,- extreme heut on hot da\s. especially in inland «ind troihcal parts of Australia, and in winteV •t/im.i ■«-.i mi? likely to have rains und fogs oti tin1 tops of mountains of high altitudi', and snow will fall. "Over in Western Australia it lmu 4x» confidently prwiietod that copious rains will fall during the wot woason. and on the north-west coast provi picn should be maido for willy-witl iva ; while in Queensland we tmiy expect r.vclones in the cyclone sea. Hon ; anil in Sydney the atmosphere will he humid when conditions make for humidity. "In f-hort, one could not * to far wrpng whon tipping that there will 1*> south winds when the wind is Mowing from the south. In All I'hcha particulars no one can possibly disagrce with Mr. Wragge. "Speaking seriously, there ore no scientific date known to man that will enable anyone to predict uilh any decree of accuracy whan the weather will be two or three years hence. "Oils Is the consensus of ol> tai-cti of the principal authorities «f the world1 who are especially study- ' tag this Hroblem of weather predic tion. I "Going back to Mr. Wragge. it | will be remembered that lie promisial j ■a vory/baid season for Victoria in 1911, whereas we toad an -exception ally good and bountiful sapson. " GippslAcd was to Ivs burnt up. As B matter of fact G-ippsland was blessed with en abundant rainfall, tvnd tier primary Industries were Jn a . very flourishing condition'. The only way I can possibly interpret, iho doleful warnings which Mr. Wiyujgo Issues ot Intervals is to take there verso as i>elng Ji k&lt;dy to ha;ipi>n. What ho bafl said bos not occom*>l. TherfrfaiT, we may essun-o that what toe does not say will probably oc 