 CHEATING , THE CYCLONE. A SURVIVORS GRAPHIC NARRATIVE. Told at first hand the overwhelming fury of the great Nor'-West cyclone can be more vividly realised. Amongst the many vessels which experienced the full force of the storm and ultimately drifted ashore was the Whim Creek Co.', lighter Steady, which was wreck ed on Depuch Island, but from which all hands were saved. One of her complement Mr. Chas. Turner, of Claisebrook-roade East Perth, has just arrived in the city, and to a representative of the "West Australian" yesterday he gave the following graphic de scription of his experiences: "We started out from Balls Balla," began Mr. Turner, "onthe afternoon of March 19, having aboard seven passengers and a crow of three. There was a light breeze blow inn, and we made a good passage out to the Crown of England, for which ship we were carrying stores. After leaving her side we proceeded to the, anchorage off Depnch Island to await the arrival of the Bullarra, which was due that night. Towards day light a breeze sprang up from the north east, which became stronger at sunrise and increased in' strength as the morning ad. vanced. We noticed three boats coming in towards us. Thesi, turned out to be three luggers belonging to the pearling fleet. They ran inside where we were lying and dropped anchor. After some time, however, they mov ed around to the south-east end of the island near Moore Island, where, as we learned afterwards, they lost one lugger and two men. Two other men (both Japanese) swam to the mainland, a distance of two miles, and arrived at Balla Balls naked four days afterwards. When.the wind increased our skipper thought it advisable to make a move towards Balls Balla. We accordingly be gan to beat in. When we attempted to go about on our first tack the boat missed stays, and while in irons drifted well down towards the rocks. We got away, however, but on making a second attempt we again missed stays and drifted down so close to the Clio (another of the company's lighters which had been trying to unload upon the Concordia,'but had been prevented by the rough weather), that we were obliged to drop anchor once more. The Clio. which was only a stone's.throw from the Steady, and ourselves then settled down to BATTLE OUT THE STORM -such a storm as none of us had ever experi enced or ever will again, I hope. The wind had now risen and we all realised that we were in for a bad time. A heavy sea was running, and to crown everything rain began to fall. The lighter had no hatches, and we therefore had no place in which to shelter. The copper which we carried was loaded on the deck. and there was only a small hatchway down the fore peak which we had to nail up in order to keep the water out. We tried many times to fasten the mainsail over the deck but as often as we did so the force of the wind broke it adrift again. The rain soon drenched us to the skin. Through the storm we could sea the two ships, Concordia and Crown of England, being tossed hither and thither much as we were ourselves. We next discoverey that the Steady was dragging her anchor, so we dropped another, which .held her again. Still the wind increased, and the raging seas continually broke over the vessel's bows, and wet us again and again. There were on board only sufficient provisions for one day, with the result that on the second day we had only one tin of salmon and oge potato each. During the afternoon we had a chance of getting ashore in daylight, for if we had let go the anchors the wind and tide would have taken us in. But the skipper thought he could save the boat, so we held on. With the rain came a thick mist, and it was only at intervals that we could see even the Clio. About 6 o'clock the motor launch heaved in sight, and pre sently anchored almost opposite us. She brought with her Messrs. Hill, Maguiness, and Thomson, who had come out to meet the Bullarra. Leaving them on board the Clio, the launch put off again for Ball Bila. which she reached safely after a stoniy pas sage. Night brought down with it an inky darkness. I do not think one soul on board will ever forget it. All the while the storm was gathering in fury. Very few words were spoken except when a wave wpuld sweep over the deck and nearly swamp us. The cold was intense. There was no galley on the ship, and all we had was a firepot, to light a fire in which was impossible. So we spent the night. Just after daylight the gale appeared to lessen, but the next moment it was blowing harder than ever. We could hear the cables straining against the boat, and feared every moment they would carry away. There was one thing to be thankful for; WE HAD NO CROAKERS ON BOARD. The morning of the third day broke, bring ing with it still more intense gold, ard every gust that came sweeping along seemed strong enough to lirL us out of the sea. About 6 o'clock that morning we noticed that the Crown of England was beginning to drift shorewards. If her anchors failed to hold we knew that nothing short of a miracle could save her. Then someone on board the Steady shouted, 'we are drifting.' It was only too true, for every minute we were leaving the Clio further behind. Oyt went the third anchor, and again we lay to. We had to keep the pumps going in order to prevent the boat from swamping. About midday the Crown of England had drifted above the rocks, and' when the tide went down we knew she must settls down 'pon them. As we rose to a gigantic w e-e we could distinguish her plainly, and when we sank into the trough only the top of her mrstas would be visibht. About this time the liglter Enteroris-., which was anchored about a mile nearer Balks Balls thin we were disappeared round the sonth-east side of the'aland. We anscer tained subsequently that dlie becsme a total wreck, hbut that' all hands, even Ihe sir cheep, reached shore safely. She had a crew of Greaks, ant an Englishman and aii Afghan as la.sengers. ' Of the eight Greeks employed cn the ligbtero only one was drowncd. Night set in again without there being any sign of the storn: abating. If possible the wind was ever. more fierce. It fairly hiow;ed throgh the rigging, and for two or three hours we were so tossed about that we made sure we should all go 'to the bottom. Somewhere about 9 b clock we heard a snap. One of the cables had car ried away. To add to cur troubles we found that the boat was THREE-FARTS FULL OF WATER. We had now been wet, without sleep, and almost without food for 62 hours. Mean wh'lo the boat drifted on-no one knew where, except that it was towards the shore. The question was: Would chance take :s upon some small patch of sr nd or upon the hard cruel rockg upon which we m.tst in evitably have been dashed to pieces? The Savits were now continuously washing over the boat. We kept the lead going, and the first few soundiogs gave sand. The craft was of course drifting stern on, and we all gathered together there prepared to jump for our lives when the crash came. All at once the lead gave rock. Then for the first time I felt my heart sink. But only for a moment. I remembered that some of the ithars could not swim, whereas I could, so I began to thick that after all matters might have been worse for me. We drifted on, passed over the rocky zone, and in a trice grounded on the sand. The en suing wave shot us up ;o within 10 yards of the beu:hr, and the next within a few feet of dry lami. More than one of us' said, 'Thank God.' We were not long in scrambling ashore, .hough the back wash came very close to sweeping us off o:ur feet. Ashore we had another difficulty to face. The flying sand and shell tra velled .vith such speed through the air as to almost bt ry themselves in our flesh. We climbed over the sand ricge with difficulty, and with some wet blankets over us lay down to await the dawn. It seemed' an eternity before daylight appeared. Somewhere about 3 in the morning I heard voices calling out, but could not tell from which direction the sounds came. All through the night we could hear the Crown of England breaking up on the rocks. It reminded one of some big foundry and steam hammers at work upon steel plates. At .daybreak I got up. Around me were small mounds of sand, each mound marking the spot where lay one of my mates still asleep. Climbing to the top of the sand ridge I could see the remains of the boats. Th' Steady was high and dry where we had left her. The Clio was 100 yards out under water, and her sails were torn to ribbons. The Concordia was aground near by, but as the tide rose again she swung round towards the rocks. The Crown of England lay on the rocks A COMPLETE WRECK. Going down to the Steady I saw on the Clio what, appeared to be a piece of sail, but which afterwards turned out to be two men clinging to the rigging. With the help of the crew of the Steady we were able to get the men ashore, and we then started off for the wreck to see if we could be of any use there. We had not gone far before we came across the first body, that of the only Englishman on board, who had a life belt on. A little further on we found an other body, also fully dressed and with a lifebelt. Further on again we picked up what was left of the unfortunae cabin boy. Then ve came to a pile of rocks on which were huddled together the captain and the remainder of his crew. They presented a pitiable sight, and had been very roughly handled by the waves land rocks. They had another body with them on some timber just below where they were sitting. We walked down- to where the ship lay, and the tide being out we obtained a good view of her. Her hull was in three pieces, while other portions of her were scattered about the shore. The bodies were -removed above'high water mark, and we set about-collecting some of the pro visions which had been washed m. Resurmng to camp we had our fikat good meal for four days.We had not known that tinned dog could be so appetising. After a brief speo we renewed the search for bodies, and found those of Messrs. Macguiness and Hill, and the steward and second mate 'of the Crown of England. The last two named had evi dently come ashore on two hatches, which were lying beside them. Mr. Hill, a fine specimen of manhood, had only his boots on. He mnest have put up a game fight. Some Greeks I spoke to told me that Messrs. Mac gwuess, mu, ara itnomoon nsa slung on to the rigging for some time, but that they had then determined to make for the shore. Mr. Hill had shouted 'Good-bye,' and that was the last they had seen of them. A lug ger had now arrived from Balls Balla "n charge of Captain Erickson, of the Concor dia. k After a consultation it was thought advisable to bury most of the bodies on the island. A spot for THE ISLAND GRAVES was selected on the highest part of the sand ridge under a hill of rock, and with shovels taken from the Steady a number of us soon hadan extensive grave dug. The bodies were then carried up the hill, and placed side by side, the two skippers reading the burial service n Norwersan. As the bodies were being placed in the grave I noticed that that of the Englishman seemed almost to clasp hands with that of the Norwegian next to it. The thought flashed through my mind, 'Brothers 'n death.' The grave was then filled in, and a door from one of the ship's cabins was erected to mark the spot. It was an awesome sight to see those poor mangled bodies lying side by side. I shall. never forget the scene, neither I think will any of the others.' It was not until the morning after that the Folice launch came across from Cossack and took us into Balla Balla. I am sure none of us was sorry to get away from Depuch Island and all its ter-ible associations." MR. WRAGGES VIEW. To the Editor. Sir,-Just allow me to ay, in simple jus tice, that if the Central Weather Bureau, Brisbane, had been in existence-the annual vote for which did not exceed £1500 per annum--thres days' warning at least would have ben given of the recent cyclone off the North-West coast of Australia.-Yoars, etc., CLEMENT L. WRAGGE. Chiltern, Victoria, March 29. 