 "weather jeremiads." MR. WRAGGE CRITICISED. MELBOURNE. Tuesday. The tlradful drought predicted by Mr. Clement Wragge does not find any credence amongst the weather prophets of Victoria. They maintain that Mr. Wraerern. has heen in- dulging in "Jeremiads" for nine years, an-1 that it would be distinctly hard luok If he were hot right some time or other. One of the chief of the weather-wise said: "Mr. Wragge's general assertions are ir rebuttable. During the summer time we shall most likely have extreme heat on hot days, especially in inland and tropical ,part3, of Australia, and in winter time we arc, likely to have rains and fogs on the tops of mountains of high altitude snow will fall. "Over in Western Australia it may. be confidently predicted that copious rains will fall during the wet season, and on the north west coast provision should 'be made for willy-willies; while in Queensland we may expect cyclones in the cyclonic season; and in Sydney the atmosphere will be humid, when conditions make for humidity. "In short, one could not be far wrong when tipping that there will be south winds when the wind is blowing from the south. In all these particulars no one can possibly dis agree with Mr. Wragge. "Speaking seriously, there is no scientific data known to man that will enable anyone to predict with any degree of accuracy what the weather will be two or three years hence. This is the consensus, of opinion of the prin cipal authOTithles of the world who are especialy studying this problem of weather prediction. "Going back to Mr. 'Wragge, it will be re membered that he promised a very bad sea son for Victoria In 1911, whereas ..we had an exceptionally good and bouteous season. Gippsland.was-to be burnt up. As a matter of fact Gippsiand was blessed with an abund ant rainfall, and her primary industries were' in a very flourishing condition. The only tvay I can possibly interpret the doleful warnings which Mr. Wragge issues at in tervals is to take the reverse as being likely to happen.'- . What he ha hsaid has not oc curred. Therefore, we may assume ' that what be does not say will probably happen." 