 Police Court.— At the Police Court this morning, before Mr Raymond Gee. R.M., Oracle S. Green was charged with that, he on Sunday, the 31st day of March, being the holder of a publican's general license for the premises known as the Vic- toria Hotel, had the said licensed premises open for the sale of liquor. He was defended by Mr. H. Wilson, and pleaded not guilty. Sergeant Thomas, conducted the prosecution. Constable W. Fanning gave evidence for the prosecution, and S. Lin- thorne for the defence. The magis- trate fined the accused £5, with 3s 6d costs. Geraldton Roads Board.—The fol- lowing is the result of the annual and extraordinary elections of the Geraldton Roads Board held on the 10th April :— Roads Board Members —East Ward, Messrs. W. McKeazie Grant and W. V. Sewell ; South Ward, Mr. Timothy Cream ; North Ward, Mr. Victor A. Bridgman. Au- ditor—Mr. F. C. Overheu. Racehorses at Auction. — On the course yesterday afternoon, Mr. H. S. Mackenzie offered for sale the racehorses Maltese, Ranzau and Re- quittal. The former was passed in at £50 (reserve £100), Ranzau at £20, and Requittal at £35, the auc- tioneer stating he was ready to treat privately. Polo.—The team from this district (comprising Messrs. A. E. Grant, J. Law Smith. I. C. Burges, and R. K. Gardiner (Moora), played a match at Narrogin yesterday, and defeated their opponents by 8 coals to 2. To- day the team is playing Katanning. Racecourse Attendance.—On Mon- day 320 tickets were issued at the railway station for the racecourse, and on Wednesday 253. The amount taken at the sat^s for the two days (£106) was £8 more than that tak- en at the annual meeting in Novem- ber last. Forecasting Bad Weather.—Mr. Clement Wragge writes to the met- ropolitan press stating that if the Central Weather Bureau had been in existence three days' warning at least could have been given of the cyclone which destroyed the Koom- bana. That statement tears out the remarks in our issue of Thursday last urging the institution of a well- equipped 'branch, of the Meteorologi- cal Department at Broome. Austra- lians generally would not cavil at the expense of such a station at Broome and another at Brisbane (or higher up the Queensland coast) in addition to the central office in Mel- bourne if as a result the safety of the numerous men engaged in pearl- ing and the coastal steamer trade were safeguarded. Patalitv at Meekatharra.—A miner named Thomas Moloney met with a fatal accident at Meekatharra on Tuesday. An inquest is being held. Valedictory.— At the bowling green to-day there was a large attendance of members of the Geraldton Bowling Club, who assembled for the purpose of bidding farewell to Mr. H. A. Cresswell (District Engineer), who is leaving Geraldton shortly, having been transferred to the eastern gold- fields. The prsident of the club (Mr Tom Roberts), in the course of a happy little speech, expressed the re- gret of members at the departure of Mr. Cresswell, and wishing him happiness in his new abode. On be- half of the members of the club he then presented Mr. Cresswell with a very useful present in the shape of a leather travelling bag. Mr. Roberts' remarks were endorsed and supple- mented by other members of the club. Mr. Cresswell responded, and expres- sed his thanks for the presentation. and also for the kindly remarks made concerning him. 