 Goolagong (From our own Correspondent) That -we should have in our midst, in the person of the famous meteoro logist-Mr. Clement Wragge, a ver itable wag-must surprise not a few who are apt to regard him as a mere forecaster of dry (ofttimes wet) facts and one who is apt to rouse a trifle at the lamentable apathy displayed by the little cockie and grazier towards his diligent and well-meant predic tions re the weather. Of course it may bo accident, but it looks like design, when we read in the "Forbes Advocate," of April 30th, that the clever, untiring Mr. Wragge says our only immediate chance of a shower lies in the fate of a depression hef aptly names " Conroy " hailing from the land, of the S. Frigid, and now makinsr desperate efforts to reach our sunbaked west, and water its arid plains with refreshing showers. "Con roy's" beneficent endeavours are, how ever, being hampered by two anti cyclonic disturbers of the weather and political peace, presumably "Fish er " and "Bennett," who want mat ters to remain in STATD quo, and are making Herculean attempts to oust "Conny," and frustrate his good in tentions and the . hope of those so ready to welcome his advent. It reminds me somewhat of the dreams on the night of the race which induces a fellow to plank a last, fiver on some outsider which eventually scoops the pool. Let'B hope the futile efforts of Antarctic Conroy to baffle his opponents may not hinder the other Conroy from rising above the political horizon. Meanwhile we are still anxiously on the lookout for a disturbance-we , care not whence or how-bringing a few inches of the much-needed pre cipitation. A euchre party inaugurated by our Cricket Club is on the tapis tor next week. Stock of all kinds are now beiag drafted to other parts of the State mostly ooastwards-a most unpre cedented state of affairs, and further evidencing the deplorable condition of the hinterland as, during our many previous harrowing droughts, we could always turn north, south, or west, but this time we are oompelled to seek sustenance in the east. Sickness is still all too prevalent in this looality, we have added a lot more than onr usual quota to the neighbouring hospitals during the last twelve months ; two of our town ies are in the Cowra hospital seriously indisposed at the present date, but we hope to see them arouud again in their usual good health. The results of the second round of the local billiard tournament are as follows: P. Haydon (65 on) beat V. Hodge (05 on) by 7 ; W. Hodge (85 ou) beat K. Duffy (50 on) by 30; T. Mclnnes (80 on) beat S. Pearce (60 on) by 12 j W. Edmunds (20 on) beat D. Bartley (85 on) by 6; Jas. Ed munds (So on) boat E. McKenzio (35 on) by 19 ; M. Dwyer (65 on) beat T, Melliday (65 on) by 24. The draw for the semi final is as follows:-J. Edmunds (35 on) v. P. Uaydou (65 on), 51. Dwyer (65 on) v. W. J, Edmunds (70), T. Mclnnos (80 on) v. W. Hodge (85 on). It is probably too soon to tip the winnor, but my fancy is T. Mclnnos 1st and M. Dwyor 2nd. 