 West Australia Perth, Wednesday The collections for the relief movement for those affected by the wreck of the Koombana taken up at St Georges Cathe dral . memoriam service on Sunday amounted to about £35 10 s. The £?orgori which has arrived ait F remande brought down the door which shjs had picked up .it transpired that it belonged to the State room. JFhen the Jjfalwa arrived from Colombo she reported that Major Dowset, a passenger for. Sydney had contracted Small | Pox. The passengers for F rem an tie- will be sent to quarrantirte for t\Venty one days. King Omailey intended] Returning by the Malwa, but] in view of the outbreak of Small Pox has deferred his departuffe. The New 5outh Wales team of bowlers who are on the way to England arrived by Ortranto today" and tried conclusions with a local team. When the last shot was made the scores West Australia 82 points, and JVew ^.j&'outh Wales wei;e 77 Clement Wragge, the astronomer, who is now in Victoria, writing to a Perth, paper states that if the central weather bureau at Brisbane had still been in existance, the annual vote for which did hot exceed &lt;£1,500 per annum, three days warning, at leastj ?would have been given of the recent, cyclone on the North West coast The Premier has received a cable from Sir NeWton Moore on behalt of the West Aus tralian^ in London, expressing sympathy for the relatives and friends of those on board the Koombana, During the search operations j considerable interest was j manifested by the London office ] A list of the passengers and crew will be cabled; Ki'tgnbrHe. Wednesday JIforey and Ki3° George fought twenty rounds at the Boulder Stadium last night, fflorey had a slight advantage in the first few rounds, but 1 George then gained in eve«*y round and won a splendid fight. Penh, Thursday The £othie has arrived with 630 immigrants. The Malwa small pox patient, J/ajor Dowsett is progressing favourably. The Fire Brigade Association results are a? follows Y coupling - Coolgardie 43 2 5th seconds, Day Dawn- s 44 2 5th seconds, Brown Hill 47 seconds Hydrant race-East F reman tie 12 1 5th seconds,, Cue 12. 2 5th seconds, Leonora ,1 % 3 5 th seconds. Hose practice-r-Sandstone 37 3 5th seconds, //eekatharra 40 1 5th seconds, Guildford 41 1 5th seconds, Reel race - Cufc 13 % Siti seconds, Trafalgar 14 £. 5th seconds, Brown Hill i4 3 5th seconds One man Hydrant Y coup ling - Jl/eekatharra 22 1 5th seconds Baown Hill 24 seconds Leonora 25 » 5th secdnd3 