 Mews In Brief. Professor Payr, of Leipsic, has transferred a piece of the thyroid gland of a healthy' mother to her idiot child, with the result that, in one month, the child was completely cured of its malady. On Sunday evening a thief, got into the Presbyterian Manse, South Yarra (Vic.) by climbing a verandah post. He stole 15 sovereigns and J£I5 worth of jewellery belonging to the Rev. G. Tait. The Canadian revenue for the fiscal year ending March 31 amounted to an increase of 18,000,000 dollars. The total revenue was 132,000,000 dollars, and the country's total debt now amounts to 322,000,000 dollars. The Anglican Vicarage at Kilmore (Vic.) was robbed on Sunday night, and the curate (the Rev. R. Leek) found that £10 in gold had been taken from the pocket of his trousers hanging at the bed head. Whilst Miss Vida Goldstein and her friends were enjoying a game of " Patience," at her residence, in South Yarra (Vic.) a thief got into fier room and made off with jewellery valued at ^30. It is announced that all Bavarian scholars under the age of 17 years are to be prohibited from playing football, on the ground that it is too reckless and too rough, and might have possibly a coarsening effect upon the youths. Neil Hansen, who shot himself at Northcote (Vic.), left a letter addressed to the police announcing his intention of committing suicide. Hansen was at one time in prosperous circumstances, and had been president of the Epping Shire, but gave way to drink and latterly was employed as a bricklayer's laborer. A fire occurred at West Wyalong (N.S.W.) early on Monday morning, and the Manchester Union Hall, the Royal Hotel and shed, containing two motor cars, were destroyed with their contents. While watching the fire from a balcony, J. Nicholson, a young man, fell on sojoe iron spikes below and was picked up unconscious. It is semi-ofBcially stated that the Turkish primary, elections were carried out with the troops surrounding the polling places. The soldiers only allowed those who supported the Committee of Union and Progress to er.ter the booths, and the authorities are said to have gravely violated the system of ballot. The Christians and Albanians abstained from voting. ..yMichael Kennedy, when driving a 'pony and gig over a railway crossing at Ballan, in the Western district of Vic toria, was run down by the Port Fairy express. The pony had just cleared the rails, when the engine crashed into the gig, severing it from the horse, which was uninjured. Kennedy was pitked up unconscious and taken to the hospital, suffering from a scalp -wound and internal injuries. The following is a letter written to the Press by Mr. Clement Wragge, dated Chiltern, March 29:—"Sir,—just allow me to say, in simple justice, that if the Central Weather Bureau, Brisbane, had been in existence, the annual vote for which did not exceed .£1,500 per annum, three days' warning at least would have been given of the recent cyclone off the Nor'-West coast of Australia. — Yours, etc, Clement L. Wragge." The passengers by the s.s. Aorangi from San Francisco give long accounts of the extreme misery and privation experienced by a large section of the population of San Francisco. For some time thousands have, been flocking to the city in anticipation of the boom caused by the opening of the Panama Exposition in 1915. When the Aorangi sailed there were fully 5,000 workmen walking about unable to obtain employ ment. Several block owners in the upper Murrumbidgce have lost a number of sheep owing to the animals having developed a taste for the carcases of. poisoned rabbits. One owner lost abcut 300 sheep in this way and he says that just now the sheep would eat almost anything. He has seen sheep eating the five-day's dead body of another sheep. The stock inspector says that he saw a ewe greedily devouring a rabbit which was not yet cold. There has been no green feed in the Riverina for months. Speaking at a meeting of the Kapunda Liberal Union, Mr. Foster, M.H.R., said that under the Socialistic rule efficiency in the public service went for nothing, because rule was not centred in the Cabinet but in the Trades Hall, whose dictum had to be accepted by Ministers. Big public undertakings were managed from the bottom instead of from the top with the inevitable result that the public works of South Australia, during the late administration would show an absolute loss tj the taxpayers, through waste, of at least £ j 00,000 a year. 