 A PROPHET'S PREDICTIONS. HEAT WAVES, CYCLONES, AND , 'QUAKES. Australasia is in for a bad time. Past 'disasters will pale into the insig ninficante if the predictions of 'latest prophet — or even a minimum of them — come to pass. And there is always a!' chance that one may strike it right, and ?establish a reputation for accurate fore sight, Many weather prophets have arisen in Australia of late years, but they have been content to stop at predicting- for a year ahead. To Barmedman; however, belongs the honor of producing a pro phet who has eclipsed the predictions of all the names known to Australia. Egeson, Russell, Wragge, Hunt, and the man from Moree are not now in it. ' The new man is silent as to his sys tem. It may be as simple and as con vincing as aching corns in the act of foretelling rain. 'But whatever' it is, neither time nor distance 'checks its ef 'ticacy. Isobaric pressure, high- level stations, kites, barometric ? observa tions, and the like, which are believed to figure largely in the elaboration of the forecast of a day or so, have been overshadowed. Even Zadkiel, Old Moore, and the other great predicters, have contented themselves with hazarding the doings of a day, but the Baremdman prophet's predictions are enough to make the boldest of Australia's citizens shiver in 3iis shoes. Neither Mr. McGowen nor Mr. Wade, nor the Egyptian plagues, could' promise greater disasters than Mr. H. Walsh, of Barmedman, who vrites under date, May 2, as follows : — 'During the first part of 1913 there will be 'great heat waves, causing many 'deaths, cyclonic disturbances, causing towns and shipping to be seriously af fected, and devastating floods causing great loss of life and property. 'Droughty conditions will rule more or less- until 1918. ' Then there will be n return to a succession of good' sea sons. There will be an earthquake in New «Zaland in the year 1912; and an earthquake in Australia before 1917; and, owing to the great depression that is about to affect this country, free or {assisted immigration to Australia will tease in 19T3. The great drought of cgia will continue until the end of this yeaT.— r'(Signed') H. Walsh, the Barmed man Weather Prop-nek' ?Careful investigation has shown that lilic Englisjj measure, the rod, pole, or perch, -.owes its origin to the pole or Sgoad which was u£d«i to direct oxen. 