 cygdonic r storms. . r -y-ALUB: OF FORECASTS. ' -Mr.' Creme'nt Wra'gge writes: — ' A paragraph- appeareij in1 your issue bf;tl7e'mh .inst.' concerning Mr. Hunt's re.eeht . visit' to Queensland. It stated that.-- Senator Maughan : had requested in tno senate that a more efficient system k of weather . 'warning stations -...should- be- established in. the cyclonic areas along the Queensland, coast- . f.also read that. the Commonwealth Aleteorologlst proposed to establish at Brisbane'. instruments specially suited to;, the northern climate, so that the Brisbane Meteorological Station should toe; brought "up to" date." Pray allow me In simple justice to reply. - Has' the best, of my life's work gone for nothing?. For 16 years I was head of .the Queensland meteorological ser vice, and during that time I estab lished (as Mr. Robert. Philp,. a former Premier, fully admitted) a meteoro logical and weather warning system second' to. none, in the world. More over, I used to issue/ as the people will remember, -weather, forecasts not only for' Queensland, but' for ever' part of .Australasia, which .were verified to 95 per ' cent, in accuracy. 'I established chains' of stations not ' only along the Queensland coast, but in- every part of the country, includ ing Cape- York Peninsula and the far west, 'and personally equipped them with the best .standard instruments that London can produce. What has Jiappened since I. left? -Everything was first-class when I had. charge. . . . Mr. Hunt now talks of installing in- '- struments specially suited to tho northern climate. . Allow me . to say that the standard instruments that. I . fixed in position are available the whqle world -over, and the sooner the Minister. In. charge- realises this r and . asks "a- few questions the better will . It be for the public, and shipping. 'Y' did air my work on an annual vote , of £1500, whereas the amount now- expended by "the Weather Bnreau ex- - oeeds. I underatand, £22,000 annually. Gi;eat goodness, what do they .do with theVm'pney? What- have -they done with it? .The Kbdm'ba'na went down, and-sbdiil the Yongala, and .not, a word of warning'appears to .have been gi ven of .the stormB; that -wrecked them. In existing, circumstances, a special ; . weather bureau ought to.be-establlshed " at" Cairn's Voir "Towhsvllle before' the hurricane. 'm'onthB Come on,, entirely In- dop'ondent. of Federal control. ""pavld: and -Soldinon'ahd . some other patriarchs were excellent men as judg- ed-'by the standards' of - their own time, but-they.would n'ot-bo, admitted, to membership in,'- the -Church, of . to-day," said the' Rev,' John Thompson, '.of, Chipa- .gb.iin-a sermon, do voted to-p'r'oving-thst ' the; world- has grown better. - . 