 . BEUGIOTJS NOTES. * [By Layman.] The Rev. Leonard T. Maund- rector of the Church of the Epiphany at Crafere, with Aldgate, is about to proceed to Eng land, in consequence of an affection os the throat.- He will be accompanied by Mrs. Maund, and will be absent for about 12 . months. Prior to the acceptance of hia- ' gresent appointment in 1909, Mr. Maund . . had been successively curate of Port Ade laide (1899-1902), locum tenens\at Qlenelg and Port 'Pine, and rector of Hjndmarsn, with Bowden. ... -.„??,'. ' The Methodjst Conference' will welcome : = this yeaf a minister from Wales .in rtha ? , person of the. Rev. Albert Edgerley, who come3 from Penatthi in the Cardiff car-, Wiit, where he has served two years. Mr. Edgerley, who -entered the ministry in . ' K.01), intends to reside in' South Australia for three years. ? ? ..??_'? -The Bishbp of Adelaide (Bight Rev; Dr. Thomas) and the ,Kev. W. Gray' (Home Mission Organizer of the Presbyterian, , Church) will ..be ,feIlqw-i)aSsehger3. to Enc-; ?iand'.on'.the R.M.S: , Ost&rley, ifrhich will leave tne Outer .Harbour on apni 4. f he Revi 6. Lake; Albert Stubbs, and l5avid S. Wylie celebrate their jubilees in the Methodist minister this ye»f. .;There are nine ministers -«nior to then an the South Australian Conference, of whom the doyen is the Rev. Joseph- Hancock, whose? ministerial career dates froml846^ - The Rev. W.S. Feafoe. of Melbourne, will conduct the harvest ..thanksgiving ser vicesflf the Kadina_ Congregational, Ghuraa °Thi ^oiiwrl Catholic feishoS of TOcay.' nil (Right Rev. Dr. Dunne) returned ^ to . , Sydney recently after a fortnight, Jit '. Plackheath. Before returning to Brobea. . Hill he will visit Goulburn; and will wit- ( ness at Melbourne the consecration cf Mqnsignor Phelan. as BiRBpp of Sale. The Rev. A. S. Devenish (Chairman , pt the Victorian Congregational Union), .w4s, . ieducated at 'Adelaade University, &mm the formative period cf 'his lifei (says he - AilStfaKah Christian World) vowed mudh ? to the late Rev W. Roby Fletcher, who left his mark upon' manjryoung nien^f ma day. 'After a short Service as a missionary ; in China, Mr. Deferiish- took, tip a, pas-, iorate'at Bendigo, where he did eicellent work for five and a half years. East Mal vert has - claimed him for the past five years, and still does bo. In addition^to ? : his- pastoral duties, his scholarship marked him out as tutor 'in the VietorjaB Congre- , gational College' in classics; philosophy, ?,.; and logic, and Tiis- literary, gifts led to his appointment as 'editor of - the V«to'na» , Independents ?? ...:.' ! ^-Church of England.— \The Rev. J. S. . Moves, 'M. A, hag ac. . cepted' the living at Prospect. He will return' from England oft April 5. The Rev. S. T. Longman,- ofPenpla, wfil take.. charge' at Mannum from July next. The Rev. W. A. Swann, B.i, late of Christ *— — ChoreVKotth Adelaide, mil enter on work is ossutattt to the list. E. H. Fernie, in the JrankEn Harbour district, in ApriL . He will be succeeded at North Adelaide by tha Bar. R. E. Freeti, il.A., from the Me lanesian Mission. The Rev. H, N. Drum ' tztond has been licensed as coiftts to Biskm 'Wilson Walkerville, who has consented to also take charge of the Enfield Church. Tht Bey. H. R. Cayalier, B.D., will be priest m charge of Mingtoa. - The Re?. H. J. AdamS will resign the charge of Ham-, ley Bridge and Mallala on May 31.— A site for a church at Calca, west coast, has been secured, and a building to cost £290 Will be erected. — Mass on Australia's Roof.— An imposing cereniony was celebrated' on Sunday last oa the summit of Mount Eos ciij^o. Fota couple of days beforehand vehicied and hoisemfin- had kept filing be yond the hotel,- which, though 5,000 ft. aboye sea level, is still over 17 miles from the ?summit. On Sunday :there were 17 motor cars, and the Cpona Hibernians , carried. in their car an Australian and an Irish flag. Several parties, . numbering over 70, had camped bvernirht. At 10.30 a-nu the Archbishop's party reaoh«l the riatfornvin front of^Mf. Wragge's observa tion .huV7,328 ft: above sea level, and were, received with enthusiastic cheere by - lather Norris and the concourse already a* sembled. The party consisted of- Arch tashop Kelly, Dr. Dwyer (BishoD of Mait find), Fathecs McDermott (St.* Patrick's , CpHegB, Manly), and O'ReiHy (CM. of St. ? Sanislaus CoDege, Bathurst). Pontifical Mass was celebrated by Bishop Dwyer in - a tent erected for the purpose1, and' hand somely decorated. The Archbishop pfesi ded. Dr. Dwyer was assisted by Father McDermott At the, end of the £;, V^. « to?fcn°HII0P wok as hi3 fact Matthew v. 1-2 ? 'And see rip tte multitude, He went uj, into a fi'iV.^J181^ recited l£?2& vthe^P°s'Jffl',«eed. which was repeated by the assembly. He then em phaazed points o£ the Christian law U'di were most « ential for the welfare of in' onAub' and of ! society, and more par . tolarly for Ausfraba; such as chastity, justice, .mutual charity, and respect for ^f,W «nf L°-f Oatjs- ;TLhese obligations could not be ignored with impunity by those who aimed at eternal life. The Divorce Court was underminine the homes ofthe, country, sappmg conjugal affection, ^ng children adrift with uncertain do rtf^68- £&* legis ators must retrace tneir steps S they would bring their laws mto harmony with that -of. the Go5Pe? Above all, the educational policy of An* trana was^unsonnd. Real, Christunity had vanEhed from the school life', and theevS ? tS,' a ^.^anm., should' be exercised, lie Archbishpp concluded by saving, 'May a blcCTng descend this mdrning from the=e 1 OTtf «w- Anstialia and alf her people, Mb that bfessmg which Patrick, from lie ? western mountains which bear h» dear ?'?'«.' 'JToked upon the Irish race. May - the.Lord be their God. may Christ be their of them their eternal home.*' Y.W.0JL ^S^A°^-^0Irte?'8 Christian ?assomiion^will hold its quadrennial con ' SSf ?*£Lnne' P14' at Siockhdlm. The gme of the conference will be 'the un folding of -tlie true place for women in ^£sfpurpc^ for the world,'' aid con^ oderafaon wifl be given to-' the place of fV1?^10 '^?rch'- e?vie- .Wme,- and indus A.W Yiw-P-A-_wiU be repreaented, and ^-W.OA. is found will be present The wodd'fl membership, is 890^00; ' ' . —First Service Memorial.— ?t£B-J?a*-aPft*u ^iK Memorial tZSSPfik m Sydne/ repbrfs £'2 in hand toward the proposed memcrial of the first ^°^-f7^e Hd ia AcstraUa. #hM bearmg on the proposed mental/ illnsl trated.by lantern slides, anJK church autboriUes at .Petersham . an^Ra^S , had feen communicated with; asking them to. arrange suable d&ei. It was antid .pated that definite steps would soon be taken in respect to the Mection anTded? aeaty of Sydney will become pKed &Bt chaphin the Rev.- Richard Johnson ttAfiaatf^0^^. -'- —Missionary as Financier— ' ? ? _The Rev. P. C. Nail, of Sydney! who is a .Baptist missionary in Eastern Bengal,', has received an bvitatioh from the Indian Go vernment to proceed to Calcutta to discuss witb toe authorities a scheme for farmers' tenfe. which he has originated among the natives of his own district with, great suc oss. Native farmers h&ve been in the past cteTRed exorbitant rates of interest which . often reach 50 per cent. Mr: Nail has so arranged with certain financial institutions tnat the.nanves can now borrow money at P ^ osJ-vwhich is regarded as low' in- terest: The authorities are anxious to see the system extended.. . Lord Carmichael (Governor of Madras, and formerly Qover '.??.-£„? Victoria) had a long conversation with Mr. Nail, and showed keen interest in the proposals to release the farmers of Ben ral.from -extortionate money lenders. Mr. £ails mission is supported by the Baptist Union of ViVlnna . —A Cornish. Peepshow.— r A contributor to The , London Record [Anglican), writing about' Cornwall: 40 years ago, tells the following capital story- —The Rev. Mark Guy Pearse, one of the most popular ministers in the ? Weileyan qonnecUon. and a Cornishman to boat, Tras- enjoying a aniet holiday1 in his native county. Attired. in, holiday, costume and ; cbvested of his white.tie, he hoped to pass on his way without recognition,- and, hav ing wandered some way into the country, he chanced upon a village Methodist anni versary. A. neighbouring brass band was performing, a- tempting feast was spread, and Mr. Pearse was, thirsty. In this re mote corner no one .will jenaw him. So uei»ys his entrance fee,- sits down at the nearest table, and begins;.to refresh him self -with tea, saffron .cake, splits and cream, and other Cornish 'oelrcacies. But alas, 'the best laid schemes 'of mice and .men gang aft a-gley.'. - A hand gently touched his shoulder, a chapel steward whispers mysteriously, *Beg pardon' maes ter, but -may I hev awurd wid 'e?1' Some way withdrawn from the crowd, with con sternation he heard, 'Baint k Mr. Mark liny Pearae?' He was invited to see the chapel, then the vestry/where the polite steward offered him 'a chair, and, before a word of protest could be uttered, the self locked m'the vestty, with the in genious steward outside announcing' to the author of DanT Quom and ffis W^ ^otions,'tlocked m the vestry, and they could an have a sight of him at.3d. a head. J.ae proceeds of the anniversary proved liighly satisfactory, end no doubt the in ' ev nn phapei detc w*3 reduced con siderably; no doubt also Mr. Pearse, on regaining his liberty, found his faith in the resourcefulness of Cornish Methodism much increased. Would the inhabitants of any other county in England pay 3d. a head merely to look in the face of a preacher whom they did not know!' — Immortality. — Harold Begbie, discussing the question of our present knowledge regardins immor tality, ui the February Pall .Mall Magazine i - . ***'* *»*?««. »c mat we aoaii ever know immortality to be the reason of exist ence in the same manner* that we know the very few quite obvious facts of human Me. It will always live in the mysterious region of, faith, never in the text books of mathematics. Most of us know that the eun docs not rise and set; we are perfectly certain, that it does not, in sp-te of the ' evidence of our eyes. Such knowledge of immortality we may certainly gain bit studv and reflection. But the human race will iiever know, I think, that it is certainly immortal as one knows that dynamite ex plodes that the heart beats, and that the pea ebbs and \flows. We shall never see immortality with human eyes, never touch it with human hands. Man lives the greater part of his physical life by faith— digestion, metabolism, nourishment and repair of the cell-tissues— and to the end of Jus days, I conjecture, lie will live the greater part of his spiritual life aiso by faith. —a lreacners Jiemonal.— Immediately after the -death of the veteran. Rev. R. S. Casely. ivho had been more than 50 years a Methodist minister tlie trustees of the Kent Tpwn Methodist Church decided to perpetuate his memorv by the erection c{ a marble tablet in the church. The work lias been admirably carried out by Mr. W. Darby of Hind'- i ? . marsh square, and the tablet has been erected, ahd will be Unveiled bf Mr, W; A. L. Casely.during the service Wbe con ducted .to-morrow evening by the Rev. F. Lade, MX. Many.old friends of the late rev, gentleman will be present. An illustration of the tablet is given herewith. —A Missionary Hero.— The death in Egypt of Dr. E. ^aynard Pain,' M.D., has caused sadhese in mis sionary and medical circles. He was the eldest son of. (he Right Rev. A. }V. Pain, D.D., Anglican Bishop of Gippsland. He was a native of New 'South Wales, and re ceived his education at Sydney University. He always showed warm eympathV with mission work, and. though he had a fine professional career before him in Australia, abandoned it in 1902 and proceeded' to Old Cairo to take up; hospital work .among the Egyptians, chjeflj' Mohammedans'. The hospital of which he had charge -Is. carried on by the Church of England Missionary Society and is one of the largest missionary hospital? in the world. Latest figures show that 25.700 out-patients are treated yearly, and 5,600 in-patient& To deal 'with such a large ^number of sick people imposed a1 tremendous strain on the staff, atii Dr. Pain did nearly twice as much work as a man would do who Considered hie. own health. Melbourne people describe him as a man. of lofty character, and an ~ ideal medical missionary, who loved his work be cause it stood for the Christianity which means caring for .one's neighbour.'' — Broadening Anglicanism.— .a movement is on loot to nave toe Angli can Church in Canada recognise the- Non- conformists -in the interests, 'of. Christian unity. Thirty Anglican clergymen have issued a circular td their brother clerics ad vocating '(a) the admission of ministers of other drarches, under certain restrictions and by 'rightful authority, to the pulpits of Anglican churches;' (b) extension of permis sion to members of other churches in good standing, oh certain occasions, to communi cate.' They base their arguments on the spirit of the Lambeth Conference d' 1908, 'tKe trumpet call' of the Edipburg5. Con ference, the ' necessity for ' missionary co operation, and the divine rebukes against religious exelusivehess. These 30 divines (says The Canadian Courier) deserve the heartv thanks of the members of their own church and of all other Protestant churches.' Christian unity is one of the greatest needs of the 'day, and up to the present the Epis copal churches have set their faces against it as resolutely as the non-Episcopal' churches have favoured it. That a change in this respect is coming is indeed glad news. ? ? v '.???? —Adelaide Diocesan Missionary ITrtes.— The Rev. JV S. Needham (superintendent of the Yarrabah Aboriginal Mission Sta tion in Queensland), in acknowledging the receipt of Christmas presents' sent from South Australia, writes:— 'As the grand -on of a South Australian clergyman it was most interesting to , me to see the parcels coming from familiar place:,. We have had'a bid time lately. Except Miss Broom we all had malaria. Nurse Jones has bad to leave. My wife and fami, y are not allowed to return. Then a cyclone wrought fearful damaee. I came back from the ho'snitalto find a devastated Yar rabah^.two boats' with a dingy lost, an other boat badly damaged, houses down, roofs off/ plantation fiat. We are thrown back greatly.' ? — A' Murray . Minister.— The rector of Mildura parish (the Rev. Noltenius) will leave Mildura shortly, and wUl be greatly missed by his -parishioners. An 'at hbme','iB to be held on March 3 in the Federal Hall, Mildura, \to afford Rev. and Mrs. Noltenius an opportunity to meet -their friends before leaving. -', ?—Presbyterian.— The British Weekly says that Mr. W. position of Moderator of the nest' General Assembly of the.- Presbyterian Church,' U.S.A.. which is to be convened at Ata laata, Ga., in May. i — Salvation' Army.— := . . Col. Cain will open the new senior and junior, mission halls in Dale street, Port Adelaide,- on Saturday afterndori:. The structures, which represent a' distinct ad vance in Salvation Army wort at ]Port Adelaide, have been completed at a cost approximately of £1,600, while the quar ters for officers will mean the expenditure' of upwards of ' £100 more. Adjutant Wyatt is in charge of the Port Adelaide district. —Australian Board of Missions.— . The Christmas festivities at the Mitchell River Mission aroused much interest u the district. Even the wild blacks were greatly excited, and had been talking of the ap proach of Christmas for two months be forehand. Several old women who came into the station for treatment of bad leg* m-ri- oJ»mtpH to he. rnnninsr bade to^Jieir camp. When questioned about it, they said they were getting ready for Christmas, so that their legs would not be so stiff. The argument is not_ cfeor, but perhaps they expected the festivities to indude- ath letic sports.yOn the last evening of the old year an entertainment was arranged by Mrs. Nash for the benefit of the Soutlf Sea Islanders, who are generally in Thursday Island in large numbers at this time, ^ome 40 or 50 were present, and a very pleasaut evening was spent from 8 to 11. lie chief amusement was provided by Mr. J. Lewis; who lent his excellent gramophone, with a fine collection of records. A good teavwas provided, and later the whole assenbly joined in singing hymns. At 11 p.m. the Vicar spoke a few words, and offered thanksgiving for past mercies and prayers for the coming year.— The Bishop of New Guineu writes truly enough \i;hen he says, 'The launch is the best doctor- we can have just now, and nothing oughi to jeopardize- our being able to keep her.' There could not be a more valuable auxi liary in the Bishop's hands, and in case of need, when local medicine and nui--ing have done their utmost, he will be able, as he himself puts it. 'to run sick people to the doctor in Samarai in a few hours.' TKe upkeep of the launch (the Whitkkk), which i.= so necessary to the work, costs about £500 a year.— An important piecQ of news is the reopening of the training school for native students ot Ganuganuana There are four students now placed under Mr Newton'? fatherly care. The time mav be remote, but the realization of the ideal expressed by Bishop Stone-Wigj on the day of his consecration long ago. 'That the Papuan Church may eventually be a na tive church, manned by a native ministry and self-supporting,' is earnestly Loped Three Baptist ministers will be fore weLeJ next week. The Rev. A. T. Brains 'Twll-rver his connection with the Tyiite Street Church, North Adelaide, and Vffl preach his fet Sunday sermon tc-morrW, prior to his departure for Wellington New &^nd- . T»« R.W. W. S. RoSngB, oT Goodwood and Richmond, wfl] leaVe on jihursdny for Ponsonby. near Auckland New Zealand; and the R6V J. G K who b about to retire from the UnW Fark Chtirjrh, on neeoimt of ill health will depart upon a trip to England. — Church Membership.— ! Tbe followinR summary of church me'nv bprship n-as presented at the Methodist Conference on Fnday morning for the in ™.at'°» » those present.— Adelaide Hill. 81o, 122; Western. 2.921, 100; Eyro's wnirona^,'51- 'i South-Eastern, 994, 130: total. 20./64: net increase. L509 