 . DUST AND RAH... FURTHER SHOWERS HOPED FOR. / The rain which began to fall late on .Wednesday afternoon cleared the air of ' the dust which a strong northerly, wind/ bad been stirring up vigorously all day, and was verv welcome on that account. (Whether it will do much good to the agri erriltural arcas is problematical, but the I forecast ie to some extent hopeful. The I Government Meteorologist at 0 o'clock last ¡ night said: "The light raiu which jet in at about 3.45 p".nu continued steadily for three hours, during which 029 points were registered at tile Observatory. This morning's wea- ther bulletin showed that light to mode- rate showers had occurred in the lower South-East during the twenty-four hour? ending 830 a.m., the heaviest registration being 0.70 points, Cape Northumberland. Splendid general rains» were reported this morning from Western Australia, some of the inland «wittons benefiting to the ex- tent of more than an inch. The weather . ¿hart indicates the presence of an ener- getic cyclonic disturbance centred south o£ this State. This low has been re- sponsible for the northerly wind circula- tion" over this State. The system has moved rapidly eastward, with its centre ' well to the southward. It passed the meridian of Adelaide at 2.15 p.m., when the barometer-reading was 29.37 in. Since ' tnat horn* the barometer has been steadily rising, and the wind .has been blowing from the westward. The .3 p.m. reports thowed that light rain had pet in at Streaky Bay and Tumby Bay, on the West Coast, ' and that rain was falling in the lower South-East of this State, but the disturb- ance ia not situated in a position favor- able for heavy general rains in South "Ana-, tralia. There is sufficient difference of pressure to the westward, however, to ensure the showers produced by the cold westerly1 winds, and these shonld extend over the agricultural areas, and be very useful.in character. Squally> conditions are likely along the coast, and showers will in places'be accompanied by thunder and hail storms.'' -. /-URSUS TO THE RESCUE." Mr. Clement Wragge has supplied us irith> the 'following special advice, dated , Kalangadoo, August 6:-The leg3 and feet »f the great Antarctic disturbance ' named Ursus are still operating, and they are " pretty, stalwart again. We tell, farmfjrs that Ursns'will eave the harvest, and Eunice and Betrohius should ensure' it. The'"eastern States will especially betaf-' Eected.- * Í *' , '' * . . , Balhannah, August v 6. , , 'Um»" lae arrived here, bringing ' with,- him á ' ven-/ strong wind from the , north.,-i Although heavy rains fell 'here on Monday, a severe duStstorm is rag- ing here to-day. cxoojrê h THE WEST: t ) RAÍLWAY WASHAWAYS Perth, August 6. , v itailway washaway* vhave occurred in Ihe southwest as the result of heavj rajns, apd at one point near ¿Tambellup, on the Albany line, a gooda train, consist- ing of an engine and 12 trucks, is reported -to have left the line and ploughed into the flooded country, A breakdown gang nargon« to the tcene.of the derailment. tbîBEE AND A HALF INCHES THIS % MONTH , ' * .. 'Perth, August 0. j Heavy falls of ram have bean re "» coràécr1^ throughout the sooth-west, a»a**í¿ooa i* .ioTlWpoür&lt;r^ '7\ot&* lafeett plaie ï over tbe^ wheat . belts of thb easternJ midland districts. In the country nearly 150 -points fell between last evening and eight this moraine;, bringing /the total since the beginning of tho month up to over 31 in , t " ------- i 