 MR. WRAGGE'S FORECASTS. To the Editor. Sir-Kindly grant me space to reply to an article that appeared in "The Adver- tiser" of May 23, under the heading of" "Weather Forecasts-Experts Differ." In that article Mr. Hunt-tbe Federal Go- vernment Meteorologist-is credited with saying that Mr. Wr.igge'a recent forecast of the storm that caused so much damage toNew South Wales, Victoria, and coastal shipping, gave an erroni ous origin, and was j unscientific and misleading, anil t'iat such ' irresponsible forecasts should not be taken j seriously. Now what does this imply? i Does Mr. Hunt wish the public lo believe that Mr. Wraggc is a novice, and does no'; thoroughly understand the subject he is 'dealing with' That Mr. Wragge. after 45 | years' study of solar physics andastionoTii cal research, cannot b» taken «eriouslv when he makes a forecast? In "The Ad- , vertiser" of May 13 we have Mr. Wrasge's i I forecast under the heading of "Ancnises and Hi« Son.'' Here are a few sentences of i I Mr, Wragge's own words:-"But .people j aie more immediately concerned with Au ehi=es. Well, lie is coming-make no mis- | -take about it-and judging from the .con- touring of the anti-cyclône or high-pressure '&lt; isobars, he looks more promising with rw- j epect to rain than when 'we first pa''c notice of his existence five days ago. Cap- j tams bound west will bave to fare the J music to a dead eertamty, -and will encoun- ter heavy northerlics to westerlies, espe- cially in higher latitudes, and thereafter ' the winds will shift to south-west anti f-outh,' and blow great guns, particularly south, from the fortieth'parallel. Now niark-nnd we very urgently advise the ! eastern States-the conditions just inti- I mared, will specially affect Melbourne, all southern Victoria, the whole of Tasmania, j Sydney, and the entire coast of New South Wales. Brisbane will get heavy wc«tcr"ies. I Not only so, b"t a renewal of henry wei- ther over the Tasman Sea and New Zea- land is as sure as God made apple«, and all this before May expirfs." A week later ^the pnss gave us a f.ill account of the dumfge done bv floods in the Maitland district. and_ the general effect of the storm in New" South Wales.' Victoria, and lo .eruppinj along the const and over the Tv«man Se«.. ' \\ hat- more i&lt;- required ' Mr. Wrajge was first in the field with tine wargin» to «Hp- ; Íiing, and other« interested, and all the amen Kations of Mr. Hunt cannot, depriv e him of the honor. Apparently Mr. Wragje's j recent for»>ca«ts and casual mention of the ' occasional erroneous eoritonrind; of the iso ! ba.ru OB the is eather v;hart hive had aa ai'nosing and dsprejuring effect on Mr. j Hunfs atmosphere. As to Mr. Wragje's j oth-r rpcent forerast», Adelaide folk can. 1 supply proof of their accuracy; for in- stanT«, "Pluto." aleo "Agamemnon" and i "Dimon." predicted to arrive about Easter Mondav last. For proaf of that in South ' Austral'*, n>k the folk that went t« the Onkaparinga race^. when half of them . ! were nearly drowned. When we get a ' forecast from Mr. Wraege it is genet a'ly from S to 14 days prior to the arrival of the disturbance, and not 24 hoars. But suf- , fife to say, that all Mr. Hunt's protests , will not deprive Mr. ^Vaggc of what is ' due to him. As for those mythological names, well, tiley are peculiarly Wragge's, and the Australian press were conversant with them long before ever Mr. Punt carne over the horizon into public view. -I am. &x., RALPH NAT TRASS. 