 WEAGGE AND WEATHER ADVICE, AND. FORECAST. LOOK OUT FOR ULYSSES. Petersburg, April 1. Mr. Clement Wragge issued this1 ft iCast to-day:-, ^ " Y > ,*,:, ", "Having just one spare evening'" inv". the quiet of our, bedroom, surrounded by cyclone of papers, instruments, literature scattered all over the floos, I have de- termined to utilise it by having a general look round upon the impending weather Conditions of Australasia. Imprimis, the great Antarctic ' disturbance nanv-'d 'Ulysses' is about 500 miles .south-west from Albany. That he looks vicious is to put it mildly. * Within the time assigned in my forecast published on March' ' 27 he will influence the area of the Great Bight and sweep thereafter in majesty towards the eastern States. Hin eastern umbra is. however, running a day late, having been blocked by the western iso- bars of the high pressures which acted much as the cushion of a billiard table repels the bali. 'Ulysses' will mainly operate' between the parallels of 37 and 50 degrees, but his eastern and northern edges will cause warmer weather in South Australia, under winds from batween north- east, north, north-west, and west, with occasional nasty local blows and foxy dust spinnies, by which bats will go flying to leeward and opportunities occur for snap- shots in the streets. These conditiona will also affect Victoria, Tasmania, and southern New South Wales in turn as the disturbance passes eastward, and thereafter the winds will shift to south-west and south, followed in course « generally bv more bleak weather and rain as the baro- meters begin to rise again. Svdney and the region thence to Gabo, Hobart, and Melbourne will get another good 'doing' before twelve days from this date have elapsed, and thus ample warning is given to passengers and shipping. 'Ulysses' will reach New Zealand before April 15, ind he, is expected to renew the floods and Tains in the South Island and elsewhere. Thus the Dominion is warned. The wes- tern half OÏ" 'Agamemnon' caused the re- cent 'deluge- south from Dunedin and the bael-weather in Cooks Strait, and even yet this lastnatned disturbance has not ceased to influence Maoriland. "Surveying now the far north-west, the monsoon named 'Anan' (having - already caused heavy rain and a lot of bdlher north from Geraldton) is still1 much'in evidence. Local willy-willies are,yet likely under ibis ¿way and shipping in those paria cannot be too, careful. Later on 'Anan' will push his .way inland and .cause a renewal &lt;"f muggy swelter, especially in the northen parts of South Australia, with probable electric storms. Queensland will enjoy «arming'weather and we see nothing at present to threaten that State. ."One last ,«la&lt;tce at 'Ulvsses' because we are immediately concerned in his advent Remember, good people, he is coming and is bound to affect you more or less. Not onlv so. He will probablv be followed by a satellite or loop' named 'Sinon.' after the perjurer of tbe Trojan war. with a lot of coastal rains. So April will witness a merry time, and tho=e in harmony with Nature will relith it like a mollyhawk eu joying titbit« from the pantrv. Pax v&lt;> biscum! Let readers study Virgil and the Iliad of Homer." _ 