 MORE SHOWERS AHEAD. ?Cloudy to dull weather prevailed through out the settled areas oa Wednesday, with showers at places in the south and south east, reoorted the meteorological denart menfc last night. In the city the morning was damp with misty showers, which since 9 a.m. registered 0.05. The afternoon, al though cloudy, was fine. During the 24 hours ended 8.30 a.m. light rain was re corded over the central and sonthern areas, but except for 0.47 at Uraidla the falls were all under 0.20, end in most cases below 0.10. A few light and scattered showers fell over the northern agricultural areas. This morn ing's weather chart shows that the anti cyclone has now drifted well over the con tinent, its centre resting over the interior north of the Bight, while the disturbance which brought the recent rain has moved over to New Zealand. To the south of Western Australia there is evidence of an other low-pressure wave, and as this moves eastward it should bring more showers, but unless the depression develops in intensity as it approaches this State the showers wall be chieflv coastal. Mr. Clement Wragge has supplied us with the following special advice and forecast, dated Tailem Bend, June 18, 2 p.m.:— The antarctic disturbance 'King Priam' has done exactly as we ex pected, in that he brought some useful rains over the southern . portions of South Aus tralia and Victoria, and has also developed considerable energy off the eastern States arid Tasmania. He will still affect the en tire coast between Brisbane, Sydney, and the Gippsland lakes; and many a blustering rainsquall will occur over the south-eastern corner of the Commonwealth. Brisbane, however, will experience strong cutting, cold westerlies, . and all south-eastern Queensland will be similarly affected, while heavy south-westerlies to southerlies will occursbetween , the McLeay River, Sydney, Gabo, and Hobart, with more littoral rain. Then old 'Priam' will make things pipe properly over the Tasman Sea, and Welling ton and Cook's Straits especially will be bombarded by his gales. One supreme ef fort should be made without a moment's delay, to refloat tie Indrabarah. There will be no escape from 'Priam', in New Zealand, so again we sav let the Dominion look out. 'Hecuba,' his queen, follows later in his wake, and. she promises, like some others of her kind, to be a little spit fire, especially south from the fortieth pa rallel. At present she is about 700 miles south-west^rom the Leeuwin. The nor thern edge or umbra of 'Hecuba' will again unsettle the weather in southern South Australia, and, this before 10 days have gone by. Probably more rain will fall nndsr her influence 'over the agricultural areas. Yet these intervening rains, notwithstanding the rainfalls, will continue to be under ave rage in terms of our seasonal .forecast is srsed . seven years ago. Melbourne and all southern Victoria, with Tasmania, will be affected by 'Hecuba' in course. Judge between us and the present weather bureau, cood public: are we right or wrong? Truth may be veiled and go ignored and unrecog nised by unthinking humanity, but the laws that keep, glowing the supernal torch still work pn impelled by the infinite dy namo of an eternal cosmos. After 'He- cuba' comes 'Queen Dido,' now in the neighbpurhood of the Crozets, but she is not due till early in July. 