 WEATHER WARNING STATIONS. . TO THE EDITOR. Sir,— I see that Senator Maughan has ro-: quested In the Senate that "a moro offlclent' system of weather warnlug stations Bhould be established In the cyclonic areas along tho Queensland const." In thlB connection . I would ask what has happened to tho most complete chains of observing stations that I personally: established there, aud equipped with tho best instruments that London can produce, wbeu I Mina In rt Vin turn nf fltn nitnflnolfl nfl TnotnGPnUHnnl service. I read further that Mr. Hunt 1/is completed arrangemonts .that, "will mako Bris bane un up-to-date meteorological station,1 oqulppod with instruments specially made to suit tbo northern climate." Surely tlioro Is such a thing as justice In Australia, and in that sacred causa pray allow mo to speak. Hbb the best of my life's work gone for nothing? For 16 years I was head of. the Queensland weather service; and - during' that tirno I established there (as Mr. Robert Philp, a former Promior, fully admitted) "a' moteorologlcal and wealhor warning system second to nono lu tho world." Tho Brisbane Btation was first class in ovory respect when I had charge. Is all my work, faithfully done to tho last Item, to bo thus nogatlvod? StormB' were warned and forecasts issued by mo that were verlflod to 05 per cent. In accuracy, and; not onry was. this done for Queensland, but for every part of Australia, as tho people will re-' member. And all this on an annual vote of 111500, as against the £22,000, I, bellovc, now oxponded by Uw Federal ' Weather Bureau.; Great goodness! What "do they do . with the. money? Tho Koombana went down, and so did the Yongala, and not a word of warning was given ot the storms that wrecked those vessels liy. the officers of tbo now burenu, who have just been performing grotosquo experi ments in Melbourne showing how the latter vessel foundered. i Mr. Hunt talks of instruments specially suit-; ed to tho northern climate. This Is mere moonshine. Standard Instruments such as I employed nnd personally fixed in position -over tho wliolo of Queensland. Including Cape York- Pohinsula nnd the far west, are nvnilablo all tho world, over, and tlio sooner the Ministor. iu charge ronllses this and asks a fihv ques tions the bettor it will be for a long-suffering public and shipping. Lot justico bo done, though tho heavens fall. — Yours, etc., CLEMENT WRAGGE. F.R.G.S., F.R. Met. Soc., Lnto Govt. Motcorologlst of Queensland. - Melbourne, September 23. 