 SMOKE NIGHT. A considerable gathering took place at the Town Hall on Saturday night last which, whilst an undoubted suc- cess, evolved some rather unexpected features for those not in "the know." Ostensibly invitations were issued by Capt. R. J. Lewis, captaini, by direc- tion of the committee, to the "first quarterly meeting and smoke night of the Darwin Rifle Club and Cable Guard." As a matter of fact, whilst retaining all the main characteristics of a smoke night, the gathering re- solved itself in great measure into a farewell demonstration in honor of H.E. the Administrator on the eve of his departure on a flying visit south. There was quite a long list of toasts and due responses, some excellent speeches were delivered, and some miserable pressmen who had come quite unprepared for such an ebulli- tion of eloquence, were placed in the tantalising situation of listening to a stream of interesting "copy" flowing past them without the power to catch and retain more than a few odd phrases in treacherous memories. The hall was nicely decorated with bunting, and quite a military air was given to the scene by the number of khaki clad figures of members of the cable guard present. Tables laden with a bounteous supply of light re- freshment, ranging from cheese to sweets and from aerated waters to "mountain dew," were scattered about over the floor of the hall. At a lar- ger table at the top end of the hall near the stage, were to be seen H E. the Administrator and his private secretary, Judge Bevan, the captain and vice-captain of the cable guard, various heads of departments, the Chairman and members of the Dis- trict Council, the President of the the N.T. Progress Association, some representatives of leading European business firms, and other guest. To attempt anything like a detailed re- port of the proceedings would occupy columns of cold type. The toast list are a fairly long one, and sandwiched in between the speeches were several capital songs and some excellently, Tendered recitations; and the Town Hall piano grew quite hilarious at times under the attistic touch of a musical magician who apparently was capable of playing almost anything at sight or from memory Incidentally during the evening the ceremony of presenting Privates Pott and White- ford, of the Cable Guard, with a gold and silver medal respectively, won during the past season's shooting, was carried out by His Excellency The toast list was opened by the loyal "The King." Then Judge Bevan proposed "The Northern Ter- ritory," coupled with the name of H.E. the Administrator. He dwelt upon the settlement's vastness, its infinite possibilities, and the danger, -as an outpost of Australia, of its pre- sent undeveloped and unsettled con- dition; on the difficulties which lay in the pathway of development and settlement; on the necessity for cour- age, patriotism, and an ungrudging obedience and devotion to duty. To build up this settlement and to make strong that which was now weak, was a great task and a grand opportunity for' the exercise of all that was best in each individual taking part in it. They might not be able to see clearly !how it was to be done, but they could best help the policy of progress,' whatever it might be, by cheerful obedience and by refraining from cap- tious criticisms. "Their's not the reason why - their's but to do and die"-if need be. It was an absolute' essential to success in any undertak- ing that there should be an unstinted loyalty to the chief. Even where differences of opinion existed, they should not question the authority but give a wholesouled and loyal obedi- ence to the commands laid upon them. Dr. Gilruth, in responding to the above toast, sketched briefly what he termed the fortuitious beginnings of .colonisation and settlement in Aus- tralia at Botany Bay and other places. The prosperity of to-day in the more temperate parts of Australia had only been rendered possible by large ex- penditures of money, and if a large expenditure had been needed in a small State like Victoria, for example, they could understand that to settle and develop this vast territory an enormous expenditure would neces- sarily be required. The picture always associated in his mind in thinking of this Territory was that of the Malayan Archipelago, with its teeming millions, stretching down to within a few hours sail of Darwin; and beyond that were the vast popu- lations,of the near East. When thev ¡regarded that picture attentively, they could better grasp the urgency of the need for settling a strong white population on this northern coast. There .were difficulties in the way There was need for courage and a spirit of patriotic self-sacrifice. For the first time in the history of the British Empire an attempt was being ¡made to settle a tropical country, with white people. Even in tropical North Queensland they had had the Kanaka to lay the foundations of the sugar industry. If cheap labour was admitted the task of developing this Territory might be made easier doubtless would be made easier. But the White Australia ideal had to be carried out. That was the national policy. The speaker went on to pay a tribute to the brave work that had already been done here by the pion- &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; eers, out back ; and to the work done by South Australia. Although she had had her hands full with her own vast territory, she had always been &nbsp; doing something or trying to do something to develop the Territory. Personally he had no time for those pessimists who were ever bewailing the impossibility of the white man doing anything in competition with the coloured man. There was a task to do and it could only be carried out by courageous patriotic efforts. The result of the present attempt lay in the lap of the future; but if Aus- tralia failed to carry out the task there were other countries ready and eager to seize the opportunity. There was no use in any man coming here unless he came imbued with the de- termination to succeed. After 12 months spent in the Territory, and after travelling over a good portion of &nbsp; it, he was more firmly convinced than ever that there was nothing either in its climate or in the quality of its soil to prevent white settlements being successfully established here. But it was all to do. They could not drive more than five miles outside of that Town Hall that evening for lack of roads. But this was the front door of Australia facing the teeming East, and its settlement and development was a vital necessity. He firmly be lieved the country was capable of sustaining a large white population. It might not be in his time or in the time of any of those present, but he was confident the Territory would yet become one of the leading coun- tries of the Australian Commonwealth and in the British Empire, and if he had not that faith he would abandon the place to-morrow. Among several other toasts was that of "The Visitors" proposed by Mr. McClennan and responded to by Mr. W. J. Barnes; the "DarwinRifle Club and Cable Guard," proposed by Mr. P. Kelsey; and "H.E. the Ad- ministrator," proposed by Capt. Lewis. In responding to this toast Dr Gilruth remarked: I thank you very much indeed for the wey in which you have drank my health. I would rather be going into the bush than taking my present journey; but I hope to return as fast as the steamer will fetch me. I will not deny that we have not always seen eye to eye I notice that several of my critics are present here this evening I do not imagine for one moment that my point of view will appeal to every- body. I quite recognise the fact that there are other people who are just as single minded as I am I do not think that I possess the whole of the wisdom of the Territory. But let me say there is nothing I love better than a good opponent and a good &nbsp; fight. I hate things to go along too smoothly; and I don't think it is good that they should do so I like to see the community taking an ac- tive interest in the work that is going forward. But where theie are two or more people who disagree there must be some one to decide, and under the conditions I am the one who has got to decide and to do that whirtr-seems in my eyes to be right and in the best interests of the country. WEDNESDArS SPECIAL WIRE. Copper £64 17s. fid. Tin{£2i2 los. ' ' Souths con , £7, Junction Norths, us. 6d. Clement Wragge, the notable meteorologist, who is at present de- livering a series of lectures in Adel- aide (and other southern capitals) for hire., said in his lecture here on Sun- day night, that a cyclonic disturbace he names "Pluto" will arrive very shortly, bringing with it a serious renewal of the recent bad weather. In Adelaide throughout the whole of yesterday an old-time "brickfiel- der" prevailed, bringing clouds of suffocating dust. The whole city was involved in a tthick cloud of dust that almost shut out the light of the sun and penetrated everywhere. The trains were delayed as a result of} the "thickness." The drift of impal- pable atoms even extended far out into the bay, causing at least one ac- cident. The steamer Dorset ran on to the ground near the Semaphore Jetty, but as she was going dead slow little damage was done and she was refloated shortly afterwards. 