 WEATHER WARNING STATIONS To the Editor of ''The Mercury." Sir,-A paragraph appeared in a Mel- bourne paper of tho 17th inst., which stated that. Senator Maughan had re- quested in the Senate that a moro effi- cient system of w-eather-wnrning, sta- tions should be established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast. IIo might have added tho north- ern coast of West; Australia too,' and' asked a few questions about tho obser- vatories on tlio very summits of Mount Wellington and Mount Kosciusko that I started and carried on under most try- ing circumstances. I would ask what lias happened to tho most complete chains of observing stations in Queensland that I personally equipped with the very best instrumente that London can produce when in charge of the Queensland meteorological service; and what about the stations from which I used daily to reçoive data .between Geraldton" and Port Darwin, on the figures from which I used to warn the approach of "willie-willies" in tho north-west in the interests of the pearl- ing fleet? Have they all been broken up ? I read further that Air. Hunt has ''completed arrangements that will make Brisbane an up-to-date meteoro- logical station equipped with instru- ments specially made to suit the north- ern climate." Surely there is sucli a thing as justice in Australia, and in that sacred causo praj- allow mo to speak. Has the best of my life's work gone for nothing? For sixteen j-ears I was hoad of tho Queensland weather service, and during that time I established there (as tho Hon. Robert Philp, a former Promier, fully admitted) a meterological and weather warning system second to none in the world. The Brisbane station was first class in every respect when I had charge. Is all my work, faithfully done to tho last item, to bo negatived, and not a word of credit given in my ad- vancing years? Storms wore warned and forecasts issued by mo that ,vverc verified to 95 per cent, in accuracy, and nob only was this done for Queensland, hut lor every part» of Australasia, as the people will remember. And ali this on nu annual vote of £1.5C0,,as against the £22.0CO (I believe) now expended by the Federal Weather Bureau. Great goodness! what do thej- do with tho money? Tho Koombana went down, and 'so did the Yongala, and not a word of warning was given by the new Federal Weather Bureau, .where have lately been conducted cruelly grotesque ex- periments showing how the latter steamer foundered. Mr. Hunt talks of instruments specially suited to tho northern climate. This is mero '.moon- shine." Standard instruments, such as I employed and personally fixed in posi- tion over the whole of Queensland, in- cluding Capo York Peninsula and the far west, aro available all tho world over, and the sooner the Minister in chaige realises this and asks a few ques- tions the better it will be for a long suffering public and shipping. Lot justice ho done, though tho heavens fall.-Youis, etc., CLEMENT L. AYRACiGIS, F.R.G.S., F.R. Mot. Soo., etc., Late Government Meteorologist of Queensland. Federal Palace Hotel, Melbourne. Sctpember 23. For housework or the laundry, Queen Soap, absolutely pure. 