 WRAGGE WEATHER. Beware of Hector/' I lie following special advice and fore cast has been received from .Air. Clement Y\ rugge, dated .Macclesfield. -June 2, 6 p.m.: —"The Antarctic disturbance "Aeneas' first mentioned in our advice of May 11, -when, he was to the westward of Kergueleti : Island, ran the easting down in high lati-| tudes. skirting the high pressures like an eddy on a back water of the .Murray. Dur ing bis passage he developed overlapping tongues of Antarctic vapors, which were condensed' into coastal rain by the anti cyclonic isobars. ' After rounding Cape Pillar, and as was the ease with 'Anehises,' his northern side became fused with a little tropical isolwrie loop, and caused the climax that mainly pr&lt;ilueed a renewal of floods in Mew South Wales (especially in the Monaro. Chrydir, Ttobertson, and Wer riwa districts), thus interfering to an ex tent with election business, and fully veri fying our forecast issued on May 20 at Broken Hill. If renders will kindly refer to our long advice published on May 13. none can say lint that it has been amply verified, especially with regard to the States, at " " eastern States, and shipping will hear full testimony. The weather chart of May 31 is wrongly delineated over south-eastern Australia, and liy no process of reasoning can the recent cold rains and wintry south east gale on the Victorian coast he termed "monsoonal,-" especially as the sun is Hear ing the Tropic of Cancer. Looking now to tlie future the Antarctic disturbance named 'Hector' is over the forties south from the Croat Bight. As soon as lie rounds Tasmania, and Cabo. and becomes free from the influence of the land'Hector' will most probably develop an extension in tongue-like form, down the Mew South Wales coast into lower latitudes. This will produce a renewal of misty so nth - westerlv to southerly weather with more rain south from Trial Bay. and strong westerlies at Brisbane. The Victorian and Tasmaniaii coasts may also expect another "'doing,' and our warning is given accord ingly. - * Priam" and 'Hecuba' will follow -Hec tor' in course, and wo have reason to believe that'ere -Tunc expires the inland districts of South Australia will expe rience useful intervening rains that will mainlv he caused by lunar tides impelling the Antarctic disturbance. But time proves all things, and we shall see! .'Hec tor will affect Hew Zealan'd within twelve davs, and Wellington and Cook's Straits especially will have cause to remember him. Thus the Dominion is hereby spe cially advised, and shipping cannot he too careful.'' ' 