 USEFUL RAINS. HEAVY SHOWERS IN ADELAIDE. Since Saturday night the Adelaide plains have been favored by some heavy showers, I and if the agricultural areas have been l benefited to the same estent the fall» will I do much good by giving the wheat crops a chance to make headway. The general rains of a week or two ago were sufficient to set the wheat moving, but the falls were rather light as compared with what was hoped for, and the fanners are anxiously looking for a copious downpour. The oflicial report issued on Sunday night was not of a promising nature. It made no reference to rain having fallen in the country, bur private advices indicated that in at least some of the northern agricul- tural districts good rains had been esperi enced. It was stated that Petersburg and Terowie had had about 60 points. Burra j 75 points, and Jamestown a most welcome downpour, though Port Augusta had had only a few points. In Adelaide the heavy driving showers were accompanied by hail, and the weather turned very cold on Sun- day. The Vt»eather Bureau reported at 9 p.m. ' on Sunday:-"Showery weather has been | experienced over South Australia during the p_t two days, with strong westerly I winds. The 3 p.m. reports for Saturday I showed that showers had fallen over the ' settled areas, while at Adelaide up to 9 p.m., Sunday, 20 points" had been regis tered. 1 he disturbance causing this un- settled'weather is a very energetic one. On I Friday morning its centre was south from ' Albany. By Saturday morning it had , moveei very rapidly to a position off the ' west coast of T_inaniaf, and barometers ' in that State and in our South-Eaat feil very low, the reading at Cape Northum- berland being 29.19. During Saturday it increased still further in energy, the baro- meter at Hobart falling to 28.94 by 3 p.m. ' This accounts for the squally conditions that have prevailed over the whole of southern and south-eastern Australia. The atmospheric prerSMire has been ' rising ¡ rapidly over this State since Saturday, due | to the approach from the Weat of a mode-1 rate anti-cyclone, which to-day was centred over the goldfields. Accordingly, with an ] energetic low over Tasmania and a high i approaching from the West, unsettled and showery weather will prevail to-morrow over the settitid areas, but will gradually contract to the south and south-east." "On Comes Ursus." Mi-. Clement Wragge supplied us with the following special advice, dated Kingston, August 2:-"The disturbance ursus will prove a terror. The end is not yet. It is all the one storm, and in very fact he stretches from Cape Leeuwin right to the Tasman Sea, while nestling as on*, the folds of his ample mantle, lies little Lygia, shy and coy. East from Hobart the gales and electric ten- sion of Ursus -will long be remembered, and so will his bénéficient rains, which, as stated some days ago, -should insure the salvation of the South Australian harvest. We are writing . at 3.30 a.m., and. the ticking barograph is beside us. Down goes the , instrument and on comes Ursus in terrific onslaught, like the original going for the bull. Shipping will undoubtedly have a bad time under the; north-westerly to westerly and sou- therly gales, and especially when the baro- meter begins to rise again; and we cons.der it our sacred duty to warn the eastern States and especially'New Zealand. Heed or not, my. masters, we hereby discharge the obligations of our'trust. . Now, iar mers, remember that Ursus is a good name for. infant boys. Jump, dance, and take the hint." HEAVY SHOWERS _î THE SOUTH. Mount Gambier, August 3. J last night a thunderstorm passed "over the r town, accompanied by heavy rain.i To-day the'weather was very cold, and, rthere were heavy Éhdwersr. .'?,-. .&lt;> A'DUSTY DAY ON THE BARRIER. ' - * - Broken «Hill, August 3. Saturday was the most-dusty day expe- rienced 'here for many years. " It was like one of the days of years gone by, ?when Broken Hill was famous'as "the dust city." The »city -was enveloped in a thick cloud of suffocating, catting sand. " Traffic and business' was seriously affected. The ex- press' train had a bad time and arrived one hour and-ten minutes'late. The dust lay inches deep in the carriages. > - 