 ADVICE AMD FORECAST. I * | LOOK OUT FOR ULYSSES. I Petersburg, April 1. I Mr. Clement Wragge issued this fore cast t'o-day: "Having just one spare evening .in the quiet of our bedroom, surrounded by n cyclone of papers, instruments, literature scattered all over-, the floor, I have de termined-to utilise it by having a general look round upon the impending weather conditions of Australasia. Imprimis, the great; Antarctic disturbance named j 'Ulysses ' is about 500 miles south-west i from Albany. That he looks vicious is to I put it mildly. Within the time assigned in my forecast published on March 27 he will influence the area of the Great Bight and sweep thereafter in majesty i towards the eastern States. His eastern umbra is, however, running a day late, having been blocked by the western iso bars of the high pressures which acted much as the cushion of a billiard table repels the ball. 'Ulysses' will mainly operate between -the parallels of 37 and 50 degrees, but his eastern and northern edges will cause warmer weather in South Australia, under winds from between north east, north, north-west, and west, with occasional nasty local blows and foxy dust spinnies, by which hats will go flying to leeward and opportunities oc-cur for snap shots in the streets. These conditions will also affect Victoria, Tasmania, and southern New South Wales in turn as the disturbance passes eastward, and thereafter the winds will shift to south-west and south, followed in course generally by more bleak weather and rain as the baro ;meter3 begin to rise again. Sydney and ' the region thence to Gabo, Hobart, and Melbourne will get another good 'doing' before twelve days from this date have elapsed, and thus ample warning is given to passengers and shipping. 'Ulysses' will reach New Zealand before April 15, and he is expected to renew the floods and rains in the South Island and elsewhere. Thus the Dominion is warned. The wes tern half of 'Agamemnon' caused the re cent deluge south from Dunedin and the bad weather in Cooks Strait, and even ysb this lastnamed disturbance has not cease'd to influence Maoriland. "Surveying now the far north-west, the monsoon named 'Anan' (having already caused heavy rain and a lot of bother north from Geraldton) is still much in evidence. Local willy-willies are yet likely under his sway and shipping in those parts cannot be too careful. Later, on 'Anan' will push his way inland and _ cause a renewal r.f muggy swelter, especially in the northern, parts of South Australia, with probable electric storms. Queensland will enjoy charming weather and we see nothing at present to threaten that State. "One last glance at 'Ulysses' because we are immediatelv concerned in his advent. Remember, good people, he is coming au-,1 is bound to affect you more or less. Not only eo. He will probably be followed by a satellite or loon' named 'Sinon,' after the perjurer of the Trojan war. with a lot of coastal rains. So April will witness a merry time, and those in harmony with Mature will relish it like a mollyhnwk en joying titbits from the pantry. _ Pax vo biscum! Let readers study Vii-gil. and the Iliad of Homer." 