 . T/IEr/nOVimHj v/iow Confessions of Mr. Johnson. The Musical Expert Is Inquisitive:— In the confessions of Mr. Johnson, publish ed in the "Sun,", the Chief Commissioner for Railways and Tramways neglected a phase of his career most interesting to the public. It is well known that Mr. Johnson Is an enthusiast In the noble art of music. After all, looomotlves and .' tram- motors do not-lnterest people in their hours of leisure, except, perhaps, the .ones, fortunate enough to find themselves alive after, having been bumped by one of them. What we most want to know are the circumstances con nected' with the artistic career of Mr. John son; at what age did he develop a taste tor Requiems, at what period' in his career did he. begin to- plough his ionely. furrow at con certs, and under whose care and what cir cumstances was his taste for the higher art form fostered Mozart began to think out schemes for musical "Don Giovannis" when he was six months old, he played sonatas of his own composition long before his tiny toes could reach- 'the pedals of his harpsi chord; while Verdi at an equally tender age hammered out concords on his spinnet, be sides driving the people of his village to tho verge of distraction with the whistling of his "La Donna e -Mobile" arietta, which was then taking shape . In his half-formed mind. One can well Imagine, the baby Johnson, yet in the crawling stage, inventing inversions of the dominant seventh for tram motors, using lubricants of sweet triads on - locpmotlves, and, when he had reached the stage of early youth, calling forth the- bitter cry of outraged womanhood by placing the forbidden con secutive fifths of htghi steps on tramcars. Oh, Mr. Johnson, won't you tell us of the begin nings of your artistic career?' The Plagues of Sydney, Two hundred candidates addnaied two handled meetings in this State on Saturday night. A plague ol Dying onta descended upon the dty. For every spouting candidate was Saturday a handy date, The air was filled with rows and words, And— so my calculation was— the length of each oration was From eight to thirteen thousand words; And straight, for every single word every audience had heard, A flying ant was In the air, "I know the theory's absurd, And yet the flying ants were there. The common kind of flying ants, and truth ful ants and lying ants, And species multitudinous Of Llbby ants and Labby ants, and shining ants and shabby ants, Bamboozlin' and deludin' us. They hummed about the rerry boats and buzzed around us for our votes, They sang of Alice and ner woes, . They sang about Angora goats, And where tho latest tramway goes. And fussy ants and stolo ants, and grimy mock-heroic ants, And ants that dropped their aspirates, And wild denunciation ants, and (order, orde--) — mnatlon ants. Whom discipline exasperates. So, in battalions and as spies, they crept in noses, ears, and eyes; . One comprehensive curse we burled At words that, chased us in disguise, . "And' ail the ants in all the . world. At National Progressive ants, and 'other less impressive ants — A chap could never guess 'em all— And lots of country party ants, and greet- you-very-hearty ants, And ants infinitesimal. And every blessed ant that Hew was meant for me or him or you, But most of them have gone astray; Some wind has set their flight askew And where they finished who " can say, Something Unseotarlan. There were two cyclones In the country dis tricts at the week-end. One of them came from Bathurst, and blew over Cootamundra. Its obvious Intention, If not Its desire; was to blow Mr. Holman off the face of the earth. The name of this cyclone was Father O'Reilly. It .was one of the most violent atmospheric disturbances we have known for many years, and the total damage which It has done will not he fully known until De cember 6. At about the same time, anothor cyclone blew, at Brushgrove, Glen Innes, Yamba, and Harwood Island. This cyclone Is as yet unnamed, unless Mr. Clement Wragge has invented a nickname for It It was very vigorous, and quite unsectartan. At Brushgrove It blew, the Church of- England to pieces, and left the Methodist church severely strained; so that you might have thought it another O'Reilly storm. But It couldn't have been; for at "Harwood Island it wrecked the Catholic chapel, and It shifted a convent school at Yamba. How would Mr. Holman like to own a cyclone like that— to "ride In the whirlwind and direct the storm" —so that with one huge puff he could blow away, both sides In the ecclesiastical contro versy? ' 'p.-''-'-- 1 ' '/ » The Fig-Tree. r "And when he.saw a fig tree in the way, he came to it, and found nothing thereon but leaves only, . and sold unto It; 'Let no fruit grow on thee henceforward for ever.' And presently the fig tree withered away."— Mat thew,. ch. 21, ,v. - 19. "All thy. strongholds shall be like fig trees with the flrst-rlpe figs; If they bo shaken, they shall - even fall into , the mouth of the eater."— Nahum,' ch. 3, v, 12, "And the trees said to the fig tree: 'Come thou, and relgri over qp, /'Judges, ch. 9., v. 10. ; Si.-n ; "He hathjaid my vine iwaste, and harked my fig- tree; he hath: rriade It' clean bare, and cast It away."— Joel, ch. 1, v. 7, , . The' fig trees in Loftus-street are now equal lri political importance ;to Little Aline and the Angora goat. If. there' is anything in Biblical prophecy, what can the quoted texts foretell, - if riot a Lab disaster and a Lib triumph? 