 LOCAL AND GENERAL Forecast. — The cyclonic storm on tho North Coast shpuld result in more heavy rains, with gales and ro ugh seas along the coast; further rains over the greater part of tho north-western half of the State. Assault Case. — A rather serious as sault case is reported from tho Lo wer Manning. A man was brought to Taree on Saturday, and made sta tements which may bo heard of In the police court shortly. Chief Secretary. — Mr. F. Flowers* M.L.C., Chief Seerotary, was expec ted to arrive in Taree by train on Tuesday, on his way north. A de putation from the M.R.D. Hospital Committee will wait on him with a request for a special grant. They will also ...-'refer.- to the urgent neces sity for erecting a refractory ward at the Hospital— the want of such a conyeriionee having been 'disagreeably demonstrated on several occasions la tely. : Death of a Navvy. — A navvy was found dead at tho Lansdowne on Mon day morning. Ho had been working with Legg's gang on the railway lino. An inquest was held on Monday after noon, when the Coroner found that death was duo to heart failure. The ,Malanbar. — The stcainor Mai anbar, rrom Sydnoy to the Manning arrived at the Manning Heads . on Sunday morning, but was not able to cross in becauso of the heavy sea running. A galo blew up dur ing Sunday, and made matters worse. The steamer had a look at the bar on Monday forenoon; but no attempt was made to come in. She then went south, no doubt in search of a friendly sheltered nook in which to take refuge from tho angry waters uid wild winds, . f ts i« Wingham City Bank.— Mr. H. G. L. Moore, manager of the City Bank at Wingham, has accepted the man agership of the branch of the Bank at Guyra. The date of Mr. Moore's departure has not been definitely sta ted. It is said that Mr. Lewis, from Newcastle, will succeed Mr. Moore.' Mr. Thomson's Campaign. — Mr. John Thomson, M.H.R., for Cowper, opened his campaign at Kimbriki on Friday night, where he had a very hearty reception. The heavy rain that commenced on Saturday morning interfered with the attendances at his meetings early in this week; but the people know what to do without hearing the candidate. Mr. Thom son lias very quietly,- but very thor oughly, won the confidence of the people of his big electorate, and his campaign will take more the . form of a triumphal march than » keenly contested election. y V \ Baby Bonus.— Speaking at the 'Id- lers' social on Friday night, the act Ing c.p.s. at Taree ,Mr. Bonthorno, said he had Issued more baby bonus forms at Taree than at any other of fice where ho was engaged. Maltlaha Show. — The Maitland Show was not so successful as that of last year ,and showed an all-rouiul falling off— at least, that is what some of the Manning visitors say. The gate receipts wore about £50 below those of last year. Mr. E. J. Gill, of Du maresque Island, was one of the jud ges in heavy draught stocks, and his decisions gave general satisfaction. Football. — The meeting of the dele gates to tho Football Union, set down for Saturday night last, at Taree, lap sed because of Bmall attendance, but owing to weather conditions none waB expected. Another meeting iB cal led for Saturday weefc, at 8 p.m., in tho School of Arts, Taree. ? --.J isLjESSt:JE|lS-J .-'&&» '? Wingham Football Club.— The an nual meeting of tho Wingham Fool ball Club was held at CNeill's Hotel, Wingham, on Thursday night last. Tho balance sheet showed a credit of £10 7s 3d. The following olli ccrs were elected: — Patron, Mr. W. Fotheringham; president, Mr. J. Skinner; vice presidents, same as last year, with the addition of Mr. E. Cross; secretary and treasurer, Mr. T. Gollan; delegates to union, Messrs W. C. Willjams, as v ice'pre sident. T. Gollan and L. Bird; working committee, Messrs W. .1. Fotherlngliam, L. Bird, O. Lyndon, W. Hocking and L. Hammond; sel ection committee, Messrs Gollan, Fo theringham and Lyndon; collectors, Messrs A. Fotheringham and O. Lyn don; referee Mr. N. D. Knight. The membership fee was fixed at 2/6. It was decided that the club's col ors be all green with black trou Bers, and that the secretary be as ked to obtain 18 complete suits at once. Tho chairman (Mr. W. C. Williams) Btated that Mr. Fairland would probably bring a Sydney team to Wingham in June, and it was de cided to make arrangements for this later. Mr. Smyth offered to donate an lionor cap for the man attending training beat, and Mr. O'Neill a gui nea subscription. Wingham Butter Factory. — The an nual meeting of tho Wingham and Up per Manning District Co-operativ.e Butter and -Bacon Company Ltd., was held at Mr. W. W. Bird's residence at Kfllawaira on Saturday afternoon last. There was a large attendance. Messrs. J. Robinson, J. Stilt, W. Fo theringham and G. S. Hill were re elected directors, and Mr. H. Turner auditor. Full report unavoidably held over. Easter Railway Traffic.— Easter passenger traffic from Taree gave the following totals :— On March 17 there were 188 passengers, represen ting £134 5s, March 18,-llG passeng ers— £71 17s 3d; March 19, 160 pas sengers— £117 16s; March 20, 210 passengers— £392 fls2d; Mar. 21, 180 passengers— £119 8s 8d; March 22, 153 passengers — £65 0s 4d;making a total of^l016- tickets issued, or £901 16s ~5d in cash. At the Wing ham Railway Station during the. Eas ter holidays 1210 tickets were issued up to Thursday last, resulting In £348 10s 2d being received. Committeemen at Cricket.— The re turn cricket match between mem bers of the Upper Manning Agricultu ral Association Committee, and those of the M.R.A. and H.A., will be play ed at Taree on Saturday next in the public park, play starting at 1^30. At the close of the match the local committeemen will . entertain the visitors at dinner in the Protest ant Hall. The teams will consist of 15 aside, and Taree players will be ^sen from the. following : — Messrs W. J. Cox, S. Levick'E. J. Gill, D. Dorward, R. Malcolm, W. Richard son, Joseph Abbott, A. E. Smith, E. J. Sa.xby, H. A. Allan, L. Plummer, J. Holder, R. Dyball, jun., W. McCau lay, W. A. McDonald, J. Ladd, G. J. Cross, C. E. Drury. P. J. Hogan, L. Steinmetz. The President (Mr. D. Cowan), and Messrs E. Ladd, D. A. McDonell, and G. B. David, are mem bers of the Pony Racing committee, and as the meeting takes place on Saturday, they will not be able to take part in the match; they .will, however, be present at the dinner. It is hoped that all members of the committee will bo present there, also. Relics of Thunderbolt.— Mr. W. A. Lee, Roads Engineer, lias tho rifle which was taken from the bushran ger 'Thunderbolt' by the police af ter he was shot by Constable Wal ker, near Uralla, . in the 70's. In Thunderbolt's pocket was a cheque for £27, drawn by Mr. C. A. Lee, who was then in business on the tab lelands, and formed part of the plun der that the bushranger had secured when lie 'stuck up' a coach. The bullet which killed Thunderbolt pas sed right through the cheque and the document, after tho police had finish ed with it, was handed back to Mr. Lee, who still retains it as a relic of the past. Mr. W. A. Lee who al so has a photograph — one of the old type — which was taken of the bush ranger after his capture, and the wound in his breast is visible. It is not a pretty picture. Thunder bolt was not unknown in this dis trict, and at times made his way down the Manning Valley to the coast. Many of the farmers on the route knew him, and he was freely sup plied with rations when he was on tho march, and none had any fear of him as he was a particularly gentle brand of bushranger. Some people think that the shooting of him under. the conditions that existed was a. rather extreme action. But many things have changed since 1870/ Wild Weather.— On Friday last Mr. Wragge issued a forecast warning people of heavy weather which would prevail on the coast before. the 12lh; Instant, as he calculated that a dis turbance from the Antartic' region would collide witli a cyclonic storm,' somewhere off Gabo arid make' things particularly lively .in the Tasman Sea. He named the contest of ele ments 'Ulysses.' . 'Ulysses' has been more than prompt, and arrived beforo tho. day specified by the emin ent meteorologist. Rafn began to fall on Saturday, and continued up to time of going to press on Tuesday forenoon, accompanied by driving winds which varied from north-oast, round to south-west, and finally sett led down to business and blew from the south. The following arc tho rainfalls up to Monday morning:— - Taree 420 points, Gloucester. 532 points, Dungog 325 points, Wingham 370 points, Wyoming 460. . ' '' Up to Tuesday morning. Taree had recorded 640 points, anil ran was fal lfng heavily, accompanied liy a strong easterly wind. . The 'Maianbar' Is reported to be sheltering in Nelson's Bay. A fierce galo is blowing along tho coast, and heavy seas are running. The Wingham, TInoneo and Tareo ferreis have ceased running, arid pas sengers for the present aro being, i'a lton across by. boat. The river is rising rapidly. Mr. G. W. Wilshlre.— This gentle man, who has been away recuperat ing after his recent illness, has retur ned home and resumed duty as man ager of the Port Macquarle branch of the Bank of New South Wales. We are pleased to hear he Is comple tely restored to health again. Quarterly Returns. — Following aro the quarterly returns for Port Mac quario to March 31 : — Births, 21 ma les, 24 females, total 45 ; deaths, 8 males, 9 females, total 17 ; marriages 13. Death at Gloucester. — On Friday afternoon Edward Corbett, sen., fat- her of the late Gloucester Shire Pre- sident and other respected residents of Gloucester, passed away. The late Mr. Corbett had been suffering from a complication of complaints during the past few weeks. Taree FootBall Club. — The annual meeting of the Taree Football Club was hold at the School of Arts on Thursday .night last. The following officers were elected. Patron: Mr. Harry Smith; President: Mr. C. R. Sadler; yice-presldents: Messrs. Cos telloe, ']?!.' W. Alcorn, M. Parker, G. H. Langley, A. McCartney, G. David, G. Cowan, D. Cowan, L. O. Martin, W. Basham, J. E. Layton, Dr. Gormley, Dr. Stokes, Canon Phillips, A .E. Smith, T. Foster and A. J. Fothering ham; Secretary: Mr. J. Hanney; Au ditors: Messrs. L. Plummer and L. Henderson; Vice-president to Union : Mr. G. David; Delegate to Union: Messrs. D .Drake and P. Mooney. It was decided to affiliate with the Un ion, and to enter into all competitions. Messrs. Hanuey, Atkinson and Moon ey were appointed as a selection com mittee. Mr. McGowen.— Mr. McGoweu was aBked last week whether there was any truth in the rumour that he in tended resigning the Premiership. 'That,' he replied, ? 'remains to bo seen.' 'Will you stand for the Red fern seat at the next election?' 'Yes,' returned the Premier, 'you can say definitely that I will be a can didate for Redfern at the next appeal to the people.' Very little surprise will be occasioned if Mr. McGowen does not submit himself for re-election as tlie leader of his party. A party meeting will bo held some time before July for the purpose of electing offi cers for the session. ,Tn viow oi Mr. McGowen's announcement that .he will contest the Redfern seat, it is re garded as almost certain that lu-xt session he will sit in Parliament as a private member . Mr. Holmau w.U, it is thought, be elected leader. Steamer Hall Caine. on Fire.— A fire broke out on tlie new steamer Hall Caine at Messrs. Morrison and Sin clair's shipbuilding yards, Balmain, early on Friday morning last, when the stokehold and hold wore damaged and tlie deck and fittings scorched beforo tho flames were extinguished by' the Balmain firemen, with the aid of a hydrant. Early last week, the engines were installed, and on Thurs day morning the Hall Caine was ta ken out for a trial run*, when all 'the demands made on her wore answered satisfactorily. The vessel, which is about 800 tons ,was taken back to Balmain in tlie afternoon. .As every thing was in order, the watchman who had been safeguarding tho vessel since her arrival from the Manning, was not called- upon ,to go on board on Thursday night. Nevertheless, the steamer was not without guard ians, for two young fellows slept on board. One of the young men noticed tlie fire about 5 a.m. on Friday, the smoke having awakened him, and rousing his companion they made an unsuccessful attempt to extinguish the firs, which was then .confined to the main hold. Tlie lire brigade was then summoned, and the hydrants got the fire under in about half-an-hour. The most serious damage was done to the main hold, where the fire Is supposed to have started among some rubbish, as a result, it is thought, of a light having been thrown down. The wood work was burned and scorched and the fittings slightly damaged. .The flames also spread into the stokehold, and did. slight damage there, then; find ing their. way. into the open scorched the deck and tlie woodwork .iu the vicinity of the bridge. The repairs, rendered necessary, however, uhould not prove costly. Orange: Blossoms.— On March 22, by the ; Rev. T. Neil, at Liverpool, Clar ence. M., youngest son of Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Silence, of Port Macquar le, was united in matrimony to Lilian, neice of M. Gay, Esq., of Chipping Norton, Liverpool. Port Stephens P. . and P. Board. — At tlie quarterly meeting of tliis board last week, Inspector Moore re ported that he had visited tlio rabbit infested areas, and notified owners to suppress rabbits by poisoning, shoot ing and destroying cover... In every case ho found holders trying to eradi cate tho Vest. The board decided to enforce compulsory' laying of poison for rabbits. ' Tho inspector was in structed to proceed with prosecutions of holders who had not furnished stock returns. It was also deci ded to concur . with the move ment to establish freezing works in connection with the Sydney abattoirs. Taree District School Football Club. A meeting of this club was hold on Wednesday last.- The following offi cers wore elected : — Patron : Mr. L. O. Martin; President: Mr. J. Hanney; Vico-prosidonts: Messrs. D. Drake, A. II. Dyce, D. Cowan, A. E.: Smith, and Dr. Stoices; Secretary and Treas uror : Mr. (n. Holder; Selection Com milteo: Messrs. D. Drake, N. Holder, and D. Hodgins. Tho club's: colors will bo black and gold. Good Catch of Jewfish.— Mr. J. A. Brlen had a very successful time a mow; til.; Joufisli Jii-.t. -. -i\; at P..M Mnoyuaric. FU'i ns- from flio brjw water In twoj nights ho spcurod seven a couple of them ranging up to SO lbs in woight. Tlie fish wore despat ched to Sydney,- and tho lucky fish erman should net ii handsome profit from his two nights' work. Quite True.— 'Destroy Sydnoy and the country will rebuild It ten times more beautiful than e ?-?-.: Destroy tlie country and grasu wmiUl grow, m tho city streets,' — B. J. Grogan, In a letter on tho North Sydaoy bridgo controvprsy . ' Manning Shire Council. — Owing to the heavy rafn there was not a quor um at the1 Shire Council meeting, due on Monday. The meeting was ad journed for two weeks. Wallamba and Wang Wauk Bridges. 'Mr. A. .!. Whltrord, Secretary of the Manning ft Ivor District Conference nf PrnirrppH AKsnnintinnH. liiis bnon ill formed by the Public Works Depart ment that the communications from him and Mr. T. H. Willinms, of Wanjr Wauk, urging the construction of jriclges for the Walhimba and Wang Wauk Rivers have been received by Hie department, and stating that the matter had been referred to the Local Goycrnment Engineer for considera tion in. connection with the classifica tion of main roads. Catholic Church Items.— On Sunday April 13th, Mass will be celebrated at Coopernook, at 8.30 a.m., and at Tareo at 11 o'clock, by the Rev. Jos eph Kelly. His Lordship, the Bishop of Maitland, will visir. the Manning . ibout the 22nd of April, when the req uiem mass and offices for the repose it the soul of the late Father Foley will take place. The time will bo an nounced later. It is not intended to appoint a priest to Tareo during the present month, so Father Kelly will remain in charge during that period. In May two -mission priests from Randwick will give mission services throughout this district. Full particu lars of their visit and fixtures will be given in a future issue of this paper. The Wild Man.— The Wild Man, Whoso alleged barbarous feats, made many a man, woman and boy stand aghast, and wonder, at the hist Taree Show, struck trouble at West Mait land a few days ago. Detective O' Rielly was sauntering round the Mait land showground on Thursday, when his attention was attracted by Percy William Stevenson yelling out 'Come and see. the wild man. He was caught in Africa, but is kept deep down in a dungeon. The wild man got loose last night and killed a bullock on the showground,' and pointing to a bul lock's head, he said, 'he is now feed ing on the bullock's bones and flesh.' After assuring himself that the wild man could not get loose; the detec tive risked his life, paid 6d. and wal ked into the tent. He could see no atrocious beast, but could see Henry Joseph Lane lying down- on some straw. „' He was fastened in a canvas packet, had a' wig on, and a set of fal se teeth which protruded from ..his mouth to give him a ferocious appear ance. The detective was satisfied that the whole thing was a fraud, and arrested the alleged 'wild -man' and Stevenson, and locked them up, charging them with obtaining from him the sum of sixpence by means of false pretences. At tlie police court Doctective Surridge, who was present at the Show with Detective O'Reilly said that Stevenson was calling out that he ate ovorything except tho head of -the bullock, and a few bones pro duced. Stevenson also said, 'LndkJ; and gentlemen, he chows the bones till he comes to the marrow. There is £500 for the lady who will marry hi,m next Saturday. You won't want to cook for him. He eats raw meat.' At the police station witness found £0 15s. 6d. in silver in a leather bag Stevenson had on him; but altogether he found £30 in his possession.- Ste venson said he had been allowed to show on Sydney and other show grounds, and thought he was within his rights. .The P.M. said that at show time people liked to be made fools of, and as accused both . promised not. to continue with the show, each was fined 20s., or.!4 days. The Late General Booth. — Commis- sioner Howard . lias appointed April 10 to be observed by every -Salvation Army Corps throughout tlie Common wealth as a-night'of prayer. The date named will be the anniversary of the death of ; General Booth. The Federal Elections. — It has been decided by the Federal Executive to further prorogue Parliament till Ap ril 23, when a proclamation will bo issued dissolving Parliament. - The writs for the election' of members of the new Parliament are to bo issued about April 24th or 25th, As soon as tho writs are issued the liberty hither to enjoyed : by the Press will bo con siderably curtailed. Our correspon dents would do well to bear this in mind. Any contributor making refer ence to the election will, under tho new Act, bo.requirod to sign his full name and address at the foot of the article for publication purposes. The newspaper man is also liable to all sorts of pains and penalties should he print anything that someone may cohs'ldor misleading to an elector; The Hospital.— The following pa tients were admitted to the M.R.D. Hospital on the dates specified: — Ap- ril 3, C. .A; Gollan (infant child from TInoneo); and W. Bacon, of Camden Haven; 4th, A. J. O'Neill (constable, Coopernook), J. Lewis (Nabiac); Oth, Thomas Murray, from railway 'works'; Langley Vale. Death of an Infant.— An infant' child of Mr. and Mrs. George Gollan. Tin onoo, which- was admlttei'I to tho M.R.D. Hospital, on tho 3rd inst., died tlie samp day from diphtheric' croup. Tho little one was six weeks old. Death of Mrs. Hlgglns.— Mrs. Tho mas Higgfns, of Coolongolook, died in the hospital on Saturday, aged 49 years, the cause of death being en docardltus— heart trouble Tho decea sed lady leaves a husband, six sons and one daughter, the youngest child boing 9 years of age. Land Office.— Tho following nppli calloij lias been lodged: — \V ;.IT. Coo per, c.l., 140 acres, parish Wyoming. At Forbes.— Mr. Fincliain, P.M., who was recently acting Police Mag-. Istrato at Taroo, is now doing duty. ;it Forbes. . ('. .:! -. Jew Fish.— Jew Fish have boon un usually plentiful in- tho river lately, A couple of fishermen yarded up a few hun'dr'ids In their net,1 whloh was badly torn -owing to bit' iuh Soak ing tli«.iiRli it. -They mannsod In )?- tain a very profitable numlmr. Be foro tho ruin fish wore biting very -mi- couraglngly, 'and llioro was ijulto a demand for fishing gear. ar:;:..v - _..:j,:. 