 23DQS NORTHERN MINER. PUBLISHED OAILV , THURSDAY, MAY 22, IBIS. TO-DAY. AinnBemcsU. Olympla Pictures, Theatre Itoygl 8 p.m. On board the steamer Eastern ore (i nrrae nf Wuwinn settlers, seeking a home In Queensland^ One family ct three disembarked at CalrnB. Mr. Kodcn, manager of the Sarlna mill. Informed a "Dally Mercury" re presentative that they expected «o treat C4000 tons of cane tibls season and manufacture about ?000 tons of raw sugar. This is not a record crushing but very close to It. The deposits at the A.N.A. penny Savings Bank on Saturday lut amounted to £5/8/6. The withdraw als amounted to £6. The directors for next Saturday are Messrs. J. H. Qtley and C.. T. Jfeal, The Mfcyorg Aid. ¥\ Johnson, ad vises that owing to the Bishop cf North Queensland, Blab Op Feetham, not arriving until1 the lAte train on Saturday, the civic welcome for which invitations had been I|sned, bad un fortnnateiy to be aihandoned. His Excellency the iQo^emor, Sir William MaeQrcsor, trill arrive In Town avl lie on Sunday next by the WyjwdTo, and *111 stay until Sunday night. The message giving this In formation adds that the partytad a wonderful trip through the western country. At the Eight-Hour sports at Too Woomba last week, h. R. Glover, of Tdtywoomba, gave an exhibition' of Jumping, and created several world'! records. In six standing Jumps be covered 69ft. 6ln thus^eatlng (bto own world's record. 7# Mrtee standing Jumps be covered 3fft. 61n. which is an Australasian record. In a stand ing broad Jump, he created a world's record by covering 121U 101d. He also created a new Australasian re cord for hop, step and Jump, covering Stttt Bin. The shipment of log timber from ! Mackay (says the "Dally Mercury") has not amounted to anything con I slderable In the past, but with the opening -up of thei Eungolla tableland there Is every prospect of . a regulhr trade belug established with the south In this direction. By the Botnbula ryrat-rdny, Messrs. C. Porter and Sons shipped to Sydney tlx eflar togs, of especially good quality, con taining over 4,000 superficial feet. This shipment is the first of 30,000 feet being procured on the range for placing on the Sydney market where It has tlie reputation. of alwuyfl com manding top market price. On Sunday night, l&tft lust., the fine steamship Shropshire, E50 feet long, 1Z,S00 tons, commanded by Cap tain 5V-. I* Pwntio*, who feu bees 1' connected with the Australian oversea trade for itaujy Jwars, was safely navigated Into (Ms port by Pilot Switaer and berthed alongside ilio Jetty without , the least trouble which '(proves that .Bowcn enn hold her awn i with" uiy ot the other ports in Queens land, and with more dredging end ' wharf extension would lie one ot the finest (Fays the Bowen "Independent") The Shropshire is ibe largest vessel that has ever entered thla port. She will load frozen meat and sundries from Mcrinda Meat 'Works and will sail this evening. Consigned to Mr.C. E. W. Kennedy, I of Manfred Downs station, there lea- | Vfs by the Western mall train this ' morning, a B-ton "Oommer" Motor Waggon, Which is to be used in the transportation of wool from the vari ous sheda to the railway line. It was supplied by the Csfiada Cycle and' Motor Agency (Queensland) Ltd, and was Imported direct from the Wnfes at Luton, England. The body of the waggon was constructed by Mr. W. Percy, of this town, its carrying capacity is G-tons, and it can maintain on average speed of 1; miles per hour when fully loafed, there are now several, of these waggons in the "West, and all are doing good work, ? . Encouraging reports were present ed by tbe'deleg&tes at the conference of Australian co-operaiive butter dis tributing firms In Sydney regarding the strides made by co-opersitive in stitutions and to the adaption of the system by producers.' Not only was co-operatlom making rapid progress among dairymen- but it .wap extending to the bacon-curing, the sale of all kinds of farm produce and in various otier directions. Tie direct consign ment to the home market - had also increased in favor, and was now gen erally recognised as the soundest and most profitable policy for the butter export trade. The "Dally Mall" says :-Although the cyclonic storm "Trojan" predic ted by Mr. Wragge did not do much damage lb Queensland lis effects are now being felt by the blocking of all traflla by disastrous floods in thei Hunter and Hawkesbury rivers. All trains between Msltland end Newcas tle are held up and consequently no mall from Sydney reached Brisbane last night. It is interesting to re call the fact thit Mr. Wragge was in a remote town In South Australia lait Saturday wWn he telegraphed to "the Daily Mail" predicting the cy clone and warning people of Its ap proach. ",A correspondent to the Vtovfusville Bulletin" says:-1 notice iinthis morn ing's paper that Captain Tiikell, the Naval Commandant, is in the North, and will return here next month. I think that It Js a Biting time for those responsible who ate tree to speak, such as Canon Williams, who takes such a deep Interest in the Naval forces, to protest against the heavy clothing the lads atp compell-J to wear during the warm months of the year. The seme thing applies to lb'1' Military Cadets. Surely our medicos wlll do something to hflng about a more suitable weight ot clothing to suit the climate 4y representing thet. oplnloiu to the authorities. An American correspondent of n soutliern taper writes "OTiere c:) to be no duty > fin raw wool. The truth H that tift protective rate on Wool &bs been unsatisfactory in its effect upon production and has been used to bolster up excessive duties on woollen goods. I shall not at tempt to anaJlyse here the provisions ot the revision bill which covers more than 3000 items. Something mny be said however, about the sugar rate, as to which there is an Interesting contest. Our sugar duties have pro tected die growers ot cane sugar in Louisiana, a. Demdcratlc State, and have created and supported tlie best sugar Industry ID two or three far western States. President Wilson and the radicals of Ills party desired to make sugar free, but Democrats senators from the cane and bed. sugar States protested. The bill pro vides for an laiihedlete reduction ot one-quarter and for free sugar three years heijce. Wis also Is opposed by the senators affected. As I have said, the party's majority In (he Sen ate Is only si*. It is now expected that at least three, and possibly Ave, Democrats will £ote against the hill If the sugar Clauses of it are retained, and some tbU)k that may be aM'-J by Democrats from States where a duty on raw Wool is desired. The bill is menaced in no other ct present. It will be sefin that three, or four protesting Democratic sena tors can exert a restraining influence. The South American republics have decided «o follow the example of Canada and* Australia, both In ad vertising the Resources of their coun try and also inducing all of their dtltens to drink only porter's Ball dog Ale and 8WIK,* The Hon. T. Paget, M.L.A., and Mr. Wvnn Wltllams, M.L.A., W|U deliver an address in Itavenswood on Monday night next, on,the Referenda proposals.-(Signed): H. Millett "Mlner" Office, Charters Towers. Another lot of ladles' woollen Golf Coats, three-quarter lengths, various shades, at 18/C, 51/-, £5/6, 2S/6 and 32/6. Also, Wool and cotton Golfers, Norfolk style, belt attached, at E/«, 16/11, 8/11 and.10/& each, at Arlda's ."The Home of Good Values."* The attention of those Jn teres tea is directed to a. notice In this Issue dealing: with an examination for wind ing licenses t&lt;r be held on 21th July next. Just opened,up by post-Ladles' ! Tone Felt Hats, various colors, the IsUiVM «/il. «/U, 10/V *nd we. todies* all wool Night and XUfiklttg Hats and Caps, in navya, grays, creams, greens, etc., at 1/11. 2/6, 2/11, and 3/11 each, Arlda's only. 