 The following appeared in our Second Edition yesterday. I QUEENSLAND WEATHER STATIONS.. I i Mr. Wragge's Work. | " . To the Editor.— Sir.— A paragraph ap peared in ia' Melbourne paper of- the 17th instant, , which stated that Senator Maughan had requested in . the Senate that "a more efficient system of weather warning stations should he established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland . coast." In this conncctfou I would ai;i> what has happened to the most complete chains oi observing stations, that 1 per sonally established there, and equipped with the best instruments that Loudon can produce, when I was in charge oi the .Queensland meteorological service ? I read further that Mr. Hunt has "com pleted arrangements that will make Bris bane en up-to-date meteorological sta tion, equipped with instruments specially inade to suit the northern climate. Surely there is such a tiling as justice in Aus tralia, and that sacred cause may allow me to speak. Has the best of my life's work, gone for nothing? For Hi! ycilrs I was head of the Queensland Meteorological Department, anil during that time. I established as was admitted, . , " a meteorological and weather warn- ing system, second to none in the world." The Brisbane station was first- class in every respect, when I had charge, and-' in ignoring this, a cruel wrong has been done to me. Is all mv work; faith fully done,: to the last item under most trying circumstances, to be thus nega tived, and not a word of credit accorded in my declining years 7 Storms were warned,'1 and . forecasts issued by me that were verified at 'J5tper cent iu accuracy, and hot only was this done, for Queensland; hut for every '.part of Australasia, as llie people will 'remem ber. And a" this on an annual/, vote"; of £1,500, as against £22,000 (I .believe), now expended by the federal - weather Ihtreau.".' What do they do with the money 7 The tooinbana went down, and so did. llie Yon-.aia, without a word of warning by the Commonwealth rtietcorologist, who- a 'few days ago performed cruelly gro tesque experiments m Melbourne, sliowine how tlie latter steamer foundered. . Mr. Hunt talks of instruments specially suited . to the northern climate. This is- mere moonshine. ..Standard instruments such 'an. 1 employed and personally fixed in posi tion over the whole of Queensland, .includ ing' Capo, York Peninsula; and the far west, are available all the world over, and tlie sooner the Minister in charge realises this, and asks a tew questions, the better it will he for, a long suffer ing public and, shipping. Let justice he done, though tho heavens fall. Surely Queensland, to which I de voted the best years of my life, j will "sten to mv voice.— Yours. &c.. ULEMENT WRAGGE, F.R.G.S., F.R., Met. Soc., &c.. 'Lnle Government Meteorologist of - Queensland. September 24th, 1913. 