 Correspondence. MR. WRAGGE A MD RM. HUNT. (To -the Editor " Horsham Times.") Sir,-A paragraph has appeared in a -uelbourne paper, which stated that Senator -Maughan had requested in the Senite that a more efficient sys tern of weather-waining stations should be established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast, and that the Commonwealth Meteorolo gist has intimated that the Brisbane ieteorological Observatory is not up to-date. For '16 years I was head of the Queensland 3eteorological ser vice, and during thattime I esfab lished, as Mr Robert 'Philp, a former Premier, fully admitted, "a meteoro logical and weather-warning system second to none in the world." I had everything first-class when I left Queensland in 1903, and, as every body knows, I used to issue weather forecasts for every part of Austra lasia, which were verified to 93 per cent. in accuracy. Mr JHunt has done me a cruel wrong, and I can only look to an impartial and just public and Press for some nmeasure of redress. The Commonwealth Mleteo rologist talks of installing new in struments, specially suited to the nor thern climate. Allow me to say that I personally- lixed in position in Queensland the vesy best standard in struments in all parts of the coun tIT, including Cape York Peninsula and the far west. Such instruments are available all the world over, and the sooner, that the Minister in charge and Senators generally realise this and ask a few pertinent questions in tihe Senate the better it will be for Ite general public- and shipping. My vote was only £11500 a year, and the amount now granted to the Weather Bureau exceeds, I understand, £2,000 annually. C;reat goodness ! Nliat do they do with the money ? What have they done with it ? The Koombana went down. and so did the Yongala, and not a word of warning appears to have been issued ir I ,. lm i--..I Meteorologist, who just lately has been conductin na series of rotesquce experiments in Mlelbourne, showimn how thoe last-namsed steamer must have foundered. That is great- c6n solation truly to widows and orphan ed -children i If the Queensland Wea fher I1urean had been operating under my regime, most ample warning would have been given. Tn existing circumistances a special Weather 4ureau ought to be estallish ed at Cairns or Townsville before tle hurricane months. entirely indepen4 dent of Federal control, and the sooner this is dlone the better. The whole matter is in thei hands of the public, and so I leave it. " Let jus tice be done tho1ugh the heavens faill." --Yours, etc., CLEMIENT L. WRAGGE, F.R.GC.S., P.11. ret. Soc., &c., late Government Meteorologist of Queensland (formerly of len nl evis Observatory, Scotland). Birkenhead. Auckland, N.Z. 