 \ MAa^RS MprrB0JRÓl>OGlCA.L. ; "* (To tho Editor.) Sir,-Your, article, in yesterday's. , issue headed."The Cyclone Area" calls for' a reply. First the state- ment about the equipment at . the Cairns' Post .Office is not correct., Secondly, the wisdom of placing the instruments under the control of .the Harbor linter is very .questionable.. .Your.¡reasop for ,;th,is'Jjmoyq._is,>.tl^ti tlïe" "Harbor -Master is''an''expert'.'^¡tn* these matters?"I know, of-at least; four of the local telegraph officials .who have had nearly 20 years' ex- perience at various sta/tioia in Queensland, and may be as expert, perhaps more so, than the Harbour Master, who I think gained some of his experience at Cape Cleveland j where the Townsville instruments some years ago were placed at the / pilot station. - j The only argument likely, to 'be \ advanced for a change of situation is ; the rain gauge is too sheltered' in its position; but the Cairns gauge is in a position which accord- ing to ofc'al measurements is clear of "all obstruction.' The Harbor Master may have more tinie . to 'niaVe a special s'tudy et: the: instruments than the Telegraph ?officiais, but again . would the change, be -desirable ? There are times when' the .whole of the .pilot "service """-ia;: required - away from port," as'was the case this month' when searching for "the Dancing "Wavel "" During "the Pilot's absence who weuld be there to take the .¡readings at ?.-a.m.,,3 .p.m. and 0 p.m. While at the Tele- graph ' office there'".; is'- always a .trained, maui iri.i attendance. Th? average man ' seems to think tho .officials can .send any sort of'read- ings down; that is not li'fely. Tm mcdiat'ely . a . wrong ' readinj. is re- ceived in Brisbane, a wire is ? S'nt asking for; a . correction. This : ma&lt;ces . thc o'iicers careful. tJ am sure had you inquired, the local officials, would have informed you the;following, is "the équipaient: at' Ca'rns : A. standard -barow&lt;-. ?.¡er: with!'th-rtronnetCTjjattached. rThlBi 'is^a.1'soíciidid; instrument -' (not 'an aneroid as .is nt, the Harbor Master's office). In tlie screen at tho "bask of '^tho' * office is. a barograph, ther- mograph, drv bulb, wet bulb, maxi- 1 mum and minimum thcnnomr.ters, and in*^the yard, the rain jrauye. Under Cleoictit. Wr'aggû's control, . rea-dings of thf'sé instruments- were wired twice daily, n'-d the night reading cnrefullvr recorded. In adr i dition also wore vfired, direc- tion and forcer kimi of cloud and amount, direction of upper an-.! lower clouds and-' rate, .state (of spa, : also nnythimr of spacial rote at tho time oftaking, the ohs?rvation. ". ?> . -: - ¿lt .Captain; Sunter- is reported; car-": .rect.lv,- he! is .a rt little: . previous1 --'tin condemning tho ? . locaj;. equipment, .which t doubt whetherrhe'-knows exr lsta, and further, never has seen tha instruments. Hcrapparrntly ' has a brief for ..the-Harbour master in ad- vocating the .transfer. What are his readings. ? . : : .I think the public prefer the know- ledge .of- ClenwntvWrojge to that" of our .wcJüld-be l0cal meteorolog- ista- or- experts.' '.,?: Some years ago Wragge gave a i very interesting lecture in Oairna it was. most instructive and .' was illustrated by magic lantern slides. He fully explained the necessity, of procuring reliable data, when fore- casting ¡these disturbances. Headings had to be procured .fi om N.W.. Aus- tralia. Port Darwin, the', whole of Queensland and Southern stations« while the establishment of a station, ' at-''New Caledoniawas invaluàbîe, having daily reports from there. The places mentioned by Captain Sunter are totaïlj; inadequate, should a disturbance be forming off the. coast say', between New Guinea and New Caledonia. ". The former place no doubt is a valuable assist- ance to' the meteorologist. All Queensland Stations are equipped to their grades. 1 The first class stations on tho coast known to the writer, are Cooktown and "îiàckay. The latter place has a very largo and "váriahle set of instruments, Cairns, Towns- ville end Bowen second-class ; ¡ while Port Douglas, Innisfail, Dungeness, (now: Lucinda),' third classr ' I can't remember what Cardwell's cla?s is. Had Clement Wragge been ' at tho head of affairs it is highly probable the recent awful catastrophes would have" been avoidod. His forecasts .were always at least 1* hours ear- lier and moro accurate than is now the ; case.. . . Take ai Cairns experience and ¿jake a Comptriipn. Nineteen years ago' next '. April, we . had ¿-"heavy blow./ Wragge, with* head «-juar ' puru ': in','- Briafjane; *give'^r: ? warn¿' in¿ *of 'fiiHy= boura of it* J- ap- proach;. -He ' foretold the direction nt line wind, and what direction it would come from at a' later stage. Rather a contrast to what happened two years ago, when the first spec- ial w-nVning we e&lt;oti was in it-he middle of the blow. Now look for the cause, of thc present conditions : Some years back thp Queensland Governmrnt commen- ced retrenching,'¡ amongst which in their wisdom (?) the meteorological department was singled1 out. , The most capable meteorologist in'. Aus- tralasia was dispensed with, and the Bureau attached to the Hydraulic Engineers' . Department. x ^All ? coun- try stations were advised'to." curtail the weather reports, " which un- doubtedly interfered with efficiency. Was there ever a protest against this ? Later,- thei Commonwealth Go- vernment took over the whole of the meteorological stations and eq- uipments and mnde the Hesjd Centre at .Melbourne since which time,' ' as far ns the Northern portions of Queensland are/ concerned, it has been very, -nns-jft¡pf actoryv To'jraniedy this,: th»..m.ojt important item is I to go'for af wireless station.;.? ' All' along, oiir.^ coast linc ";">: adoring . the ¡ hurricane season', ' th-; '-telegraph; lines" áreí'jdówn jin'- many'parts, which ? causes big/ delays .'.wherras if .'wirer' 'ess had'been "available, valuable live"! would be saved and immense monetary losses avoided. Perhaps with - the meteorological centre in Brisbane, quicker and ear- lier forecasts would result. If our local governing bodies took' up thc matt»r of a wireless stntion for Cairns, and advocated the "Centr-tl Station ,at Bristten?1, .?grrta.'b benefit td> "thees*,parta' would ¡assuredly- re-^ snlt,: ."by .eeeiiriiisr the ' iwiK-ices" ad-. vocated. . Regarding the '12 hours delay it might apply to ordinary forecasts, during an interruption ; but with communication through, a special forecast is at its destination within half an hour of bcin&lt;r hari'I cd in at Brisbane.-Yours etc. ' J. G. HOARE, j 