 MERRY APRIL. Mr. Wragge's Latest Brands. - . Mr. Clement Wragge had a spare evening at Petersburg on April 1, and he sat down and wrote a "special advice and forecast. At the time' he was in the quiet of his bedroom, "surrounded by a cyclone of papers, instruments, and literature, scattered all over the floor." He determined to utilize the leisufe by having - general look round upon the impending weather :conditions of Avetraliaa; -""'Imrimis, the great antarctic disturbance amed Ulysses, is about 500 miles southest from Albany. That he looks vicious is to put it mildly. Within the time assigned in our forecast, published on March 27. he win influence the area, of the Great Bight, and sweep thereafter.in majesty towa«Is the eastern States. . His eastern wmbra is, bowevjer, running a djViJate, tayingljeen blocked byihe western isofars •of the high pressures, whi ch. acted -much as the cushion of a. biflikrd table '^epels the " ^ jnaihly operate between the peraUete -of 37 and SO de^^ but his eastern and northern edges will .cause waraier weather in.South Australia under winds from between north-east, north, north-west, and west, with occasional nasty local blows and foxv dust-spinnies. by _ which hats wiU go flying to leeward and opportunities occur for snapshots in the streets. These conditions will also affect Victoria, Tasmania, and southern New South VPales in turn as the disturbance passes eastwards, and- thereafter the winds trill- shift "fo £0iifli-itp©s^aa&lt;i-60iitb, followed in Course generally-by more bJeak -weather and rain" as the barometers begin to rise again. Sydney, and the region thence to Gabo, Hobart, and Melbourne will get another good, doing before 12 days from date have elapsed, and thus ample warning is given to pasengers and shipping. Ulysses' will reach JTew Zealand before April 15, and he is expected lo reDew the floods and rain the south island and ebewhere. Thus the Dominion is •warned. The western half of 'Agamemnon', caused the recent delude south from Dunedin, and the bad weather ih Cook's Straits, and even yet this nastnamed distnrbance has not ceased to influence Maoriland. "Surveying now the far north-west, the monsoon named 'Anan' (having already canjr-d hea.vv rain and a lot of bother north from Geraldton) is still much in evidence. Local 'willy-willies' are yet likely under his -sway, and shipping in those parts cannot be too careful. liter on *A nan' will push his way inland,' and cause a renewal of muesy swelter, especially in the northern ports of South Anstralia with probable electric storms. Queensland will enjoy charming weather, and we see nothing at 'present to threaten that State. "Once la.=t stance at Ulysses,' because we are immediately concerned in his advent Remember, g-ood people, he is coming, and is bound to affect you more or less Vot only so. He will probably be followed* by a satellite, or loop, named 'Sinon,' after the perjurer of the Trojan war, with a lot of coastal rain. "So April will witness a merry time and those in harmony with Nature will relish it like a mollyhawk enjoying titbits from the pantry. Pax vobiscurh! Let readers study Virgil and "the Iliad of Horner 1 