 The Wonderful Universe. -4-t On Monday evening last, Mr Clement Wragge, the world famous astronomer and meteorologistdelivered a lecture in the shire hall, Alexandra. The hall was crowded with an appro ciative audience. Mr F. Wheeler took the chair and introduced the lecturer; in felicitous terms. Mr Wragge makes his abstruse and bewildering. subject lucid and attractive by the help of lantern slides.. Propositions which, like '"Scotch jokes," need a sugical operation for their induqtion, Ire thrown upon the sheet and one reads them as well as hears them. The subject' was a trip- through the universe. From the Lick Observatory one is carried to the Milky Way. To give some idea of the -distance of Alpha Centasuri, the nearest of the fixed stars, from the earth, Mr Wragge said if there were a railway from the earth, to ,that star, and the com" misaioners in charge of that railway carried you at the rate of one penny per hundred miles, your ticket would cost you just X900,00 000, that is £2000 Q0.ý00 morea * te publso ;debt of Great Brittias. Oe hna to thinti in billionsland trillions even to express, the distance of':'the- .'nearest, stars. A number of" views. &lt;were exhibited to. show the density of the stars in.the Milky. Way. One could easily imagine he was looking at a snow storm. In the midst of some of these views was a patch of light. That was .a nebula where a-star was in the aot. o formation. A billion years hence that patch would be e sun with a host of attendant planets..' From the infinitely vast Mr Wragge came d o'n to the Infinatel: esmall and. d..ci-ibed atoms ;and: electrons. and pointed gout how one vast purpose ran throuls the whole. A' sPar was a glorified atorm; an atom was a microscopically minute star revolving on its axis the same as the star, in. the heavens. A fragment of rock was a universe- of atoms. After whirling his audience about in the- Milky Way, carrying it from.- the. Pleiades'to.Orion, then to the Southern. Cross, lingering a. moment on Alpha Centauri- to got that £900,000;0000 ticket., he made a rush' to the sun, which is only a bit over- 0,000,000, miles away from the earth, %. more step-astronomically. A . number of beautiful'viewsof the sue were thrown upon the screen, revealing the nature of those ' spots, Thes,,pots. were gigantic storms and; cyclones. around which _ and from the san?'s"'edge, appaliidg-.hydrogen flamsa leaped to the height of .60,000 miles, 7others ascending, even as high.; as -324,000. miles,. while: coronal flashes from the suns outer' atmosphere, extended .to. .500.000= miles, the whole being.like a gigantic wireless iiistallation hurrying off' otheric vibrations under the in fluence of which every planet of.the solar system puilsates and-.throbs like a,. tuning fork -or telegraph' wire. The exhibition, of' theos?view~b?boughsb iMr Wragge on to his. pot subjfet, the influence of- these sun: spots, or storms in. the sun, upon. the weather-on the earth. He hold4 that if themre were- a fuller knowledge aid; understanding of the "'law' governidng ' those- sun storms, then we on the earth could fortell the kind. oft weather and theo vatuo of the seasons .for years ahead; The views of the moon' lormeda. very intorosting set,. showing the extitct volcanos, the mountains.ranges,. the- sunken plains? and the long shadows- cast by' the mountains, There seemed something pathetic, in the idea of a dead world; 'yot Mr Wramge expleined. how in the celestial bodies., were six.stages or ages, and after the period. of floral, and faunal activity came a tine when the water evaporated and the atmosphaes de parted and death- reigned- supreme. The. moon. was such a'. dead- world, Nob a, word could- be-heard, there was no- atmosphere to, convey the round - nobsa nlant-or animal lived, there was no .:-indosture;. Possibly at bne tiaie might have lived, there, beings:more wonderful and- more-' highly-.endowed than man, but now all is a long- past memory.. The moonis only:thecorpse of a world;, even- its. vast volcanoes dead, shrouded in- the core garmentu of an appaling silence: .. At the close ofthe leetur- was a display of those wonders; of'modbrn. times.the X ;ray, the gamma ray and radium. ''These wonders have to be seen, for a description of the..flashing sparks from an. insisibly smallspeck of radium, is impossible. •0So "powerful is the force of the radinwi rays, the ibiht 'com~ "rightb through a felt-hat. Thoe entertainmeitb' - wajjsin qxcee dingly int6r~sting eoe. In .'anothee colem Mr Wragge gives hise~,lnression. ?f Alexandra. - - 