 TOWNSVILLE DAILY BULLETM. ? PUBLISHED PAII-T. ? FRIDAY, OCTOBER 10, MU. An escort of three constables iitt by the Marloo last night in charge of seven lunatics for Qoodna. Of these, six were males, and one a female. The bitter was in charge of a nurse. Two trains, carrying approximately 1600 persons, were dispatched from Townsville yesterday to Margaret Creek, in connection with the Friendly Societies' annual picnic. A meeting of members of the Paint ers' branch of the A.W.U. was held on Thursday evening, which was well at tended. It was decided to request a cooferenec with the employers on the matter of wages. The sittings of the Circuit Court at Cloncurry, open on Wednesday, before Mr Acting Justice Jameson. There arc no criminal cases set down, and the only business In the Civil Jurisdiction is a divorce matter. Tbe two ends of the Adelaide Co.'i Bbed on the Jetty were stacked almost celling high with Lower Burdekin sugar on Thursday, and further trucks were being unloaded. Altoge ther there 1b about M0 tone In t-ie Bhed awaiting shipment. The work of widening the Eastern Jetty la being poshed on by the Harbor Board Engineer (Mr Stein), and excellent progress Is being made. The new roadway now extends as far as the Howard Smith Oo.'s shed, each week's work showing an appreciable addition. Patrick Joseph McKee made nla rourth appearance at the Police Court on Thursday, before Mr T. A. Ferry, Acting P.M., charged with drunkenness, and was lined £1 or seven days. A prohibition order was also Issued aealnst tbe same defendant. David Henry Waterfield, for drunkenness, waa convicted and discharged. The town waa exceptionally quiet on Thursday, all shops being closed, and business suspended on the occasion of Friendly Societies Day. There were very few people in the streets, but on the Strand there ware a number of family picnic parties, with numbers uf ycungsiera disporting th:in-Al«cs on tbe sands. The MoBsman Central Mill ftnls'.ied opuatlona for tbe season yesterday. The Mourllyai» Mill, !t ts fti-.cted will conclude on 21th Octobeer. Mack nade Mill (Herbert River), will be next, finishing about the end of Nov ember. All the other Northern nulls, It is exported, will continue until the end of the year. Tbe Townsville Hallway has been extended from Cloncurry to Quamby, a distance of 28 miles N chains. The distance (rom Townaville to Quamby Is about 610 mites. Construction la pro ceeding, and will be completed to about 42 miles from Cloncurry about the end of the year. Tbe objective Is Mount Cuthbert about 76 miles from 'Cloncurry. This extension Is tapping the copper and oattle country. Mr S. E. Green, Sydney manager for the Pacific Commercial Co. la a passenger by the Changaha now in port on a flying visit to Manila. Speaking of the facilities ot the port, Mr Green remarked that aa regarded the ship ping of frozen meat with the refrige rated can coming right to the ship's side, Townsville was far ahead of some of the larger Southern ports, Including Sydney. Operations In connection with the erection ot a garden frontage on the Flinders Street aide of the new Ball way Station are now in hand, and the various stacks of material uaed by the tradesmen aro in course ot re moval preparatory to the filling In ot the space. The Dtparunsnt ia also undertaking the improvements to tbe lane leading towards the creek past the Great Northern Hotel Big pro gress has been made throughout the building, and the roofing of the plat form span la practically halt comple ted. B. Nixon, aged about 80, an em ployee ot the Harbor Board, when riding home on a bicycle from his work on Wednesday evening about six o'clock, wss the victim of a painful accident near the Crown Hotel, South Townavtlle. A horse attached to a sulky, who appeared to be In a frac tious mood, swerved as Nixon was passing him, and a collision occurred, the shaft of the sulky piercing Nixon's thigh. Inflicting a severe wound. The Ambulance attended, and after ren dering first aid conveyed the Injured man to the hospital. In a recent issue, when dealing with Mr Wragge's criticisms on the Queens land weather bureau, We expressed the opinion that the weather observers did their work well but that its value was reduced by the lack of publicity given to weather news by the Telegraph De partment. We are glad to say that Mr Hunt has now recommended that, with the concurrence of the Postal authori ties, a system of more frequently inter changing observations between all the coastal ports from Rockhampton to Thursday Island be inaugurated dur ing the cyclone season, and it was pro posed to have these data posted up for public information at the several ports on charts specially supplied by the de partment. That is a sensible decision to make and should prove of great value. From January 1 to March 31, between Rockhampton and Thursday Island news of any suspicious indication in the weather should have absolute prefer ence in telegraphic transmission. 