 JTJItE BAINS PROMISED. Mr. Wragge's Forecast. Mr. Clement Wragga haa supplied us with the following special advice and fore ca:i dated Macclesfield, June 2, 6 p.m.:— The antarctic disturbance 'Eneas,' first mentioned in our advice of -May 11, wuen he was to the westward of Kerguelen Island ran *he easting down in high lati tudes, skirtljg the high pressures like an eddy on a backwater of the Murray. Dur ing his passage he developed overlapping tongues of antarctic vapours, which were condensed into coastal rain by the anti cyclonic isobars. After rounding Cape Pil lar, and as was the case wit'n 'Anchises, ' his northern side became fused with a little tropical isobaric loop, and caused the cli max that mainly produced a renewal of floods in New Sout'n Wales, (es pecially in the ilonaro, Gwydir, Robertson, and Werriwa divisions), thu3 interfering, to an extent, with election business, and fully verifying our forecast issued on May 20 at Broken Hill. If readers will kindly refer to our long advice, published on May 13, none can say but that it has been amply verified, especially with regard to the eastern States, and shipping willbear full testimony. .The: weather chart of \May 31 is wrongly delinea ted over south-eastern Australia, and by no process of reasoning can the recent cold rains and wintry south-east gale on the Vic torian coaBt be termed 'monsoonal, espe cially as the sun is nearing the tropic of Cancer. Looking now to the future, the antarctic disturbance named 'Hector *s over the forties south from the Great Bight. As soon' as he rounds Tasma nia and Gabo, and becomes free from the influence of the land, 'Hector' will most probably develop an extension m tongue-like form down the New South Wales coast into lower latitudes. This will produce a renewal of nasty south-westerly to southerly weather, with more rain south from Trial Bay, and strong westerlies at Brisbane. The Victorian and Tasmanian coasts may also- expect another 'doing, and our warning,, is given accordingly. 'Priam' ond 'Hecuba' will follow 'Hec- tor' in course, and we haye reason to De Hnve that ere June expires, the inland districts of South Australia will experience useful intervening rains that will mainly be caused by lunar tides impelling the ant arctic disturbances. But- time proves all thinss, and we shall see! 'Hector' will affect New Zealand within 12 days, and Wellington and Cook's Straits especially will have_ cause to remember him. Thus the Dominion is hereby specially advised, and shipping cannot be too careful. —Official Notes.— The following report was issued from the Observatory at 9 P-m. on Tuesday:— Cloudy conditions prevailed throughout Tuesday at Adelaide, sad. towards evening a 'fight shower fell. Similar conditions were ex perienced throughout South Australia, but the, extreme south-east 'reported the only measurable radn. A depression passed south of the State at 4 pjn., and its in fluence locally was sDght. Barometers are rising. A few showers may be. expected on Wednesday, chiefly confined to the south and south-east. 