 TH E PO ST. j TUESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1313. JR HüBT CSiíHISED. Since the reply of Mr. Hunt to the deputation from the Cairns Chamber of Commerce, which waited upon him to ask that a mereorological station be estab- lished here in order to expedite storm warnings, the Common- wealth Meteorologist has been subjected to a good deal of criticism. The latter has not come from people with only a very cursory and superficial knowledge of the subject, but from experts who are in author- ity to speak, and whose utter- ances command attention and respect. A few days ago ' the "Post" published a letter from "M.v. Clement. WraRgc, t\\c ve- ri owned meteorologist.--and. in'tb«' course of his remarks the latter said : "The Koombana went down, and so did the Yongala, without, it appears, a word of warning. Thc Commonwealth Meteorologist a few days ago performed grotesque experiments in Melbourne, showing how the latter steamer foundered; Mr. . Hunt talks of instruments speci- ally "suited to the northertf'dim ate. This is mere moonshine. Standard instruments such" as" I employed and personally ;fixed-ia position over the whole ot Queensland, including Cape . York Peninsula and the Far West, are available all the world overhand the sooner the Minister in charge realises this, and asks a few questions, the better it v will be for a long-suffering public and shipping. Let justice be done, though the heavens fall í I guarantee that if I were resident either at Cairns, Townsville, Bowen, Mackay; or Rockhampton during the hurricane season, with, my own private instruments, not a storm should slip through my fingers without most ample warning being given. In con- clusion, I am very decidedly of opinion that, in; existing circum- stances, a special weather bureau should bc- establish-'' in North Queensland, say at Cairns or Townsville, entirely independent of Commonwealth control, and the sooner it is done the bettes. Surely Queensland will listen to my* voice I" What has Mr. Hunt. .-to^^v-T^rrfc^^^^iScEul^ and convincing utterances of Mr. Wragge, who knows what he is. talking about, because his know- ledge of meteorology is- unchal- lenged ? Surely Mr. Hunt's re- marks about telegrams between Cairns and Brisbane and Cairns and Townsville occupying the same time in transmission. pale into insignificance when. placed beside the telling arguments of Mr. Wragge. During the course of his reply to the Cairns Cham- ber of Commerce, Mr. Hunt over ¡md over again displayed the fact that he could not get the idea out of hts head that, because' a few thousand people were liv- ing within the cyclone belt they were not entitled to as much at- tention as, if not greater than - iny thousands outside that , lt. Let it bc granted that Vewcastle has violent storms at ! different periods of .the- year, I pl>o allow the statement. that Geelong has unwelcome disturb- ances pf Nature, that does - not counteract or mitigate the death dealing cyclonic infernos to which North Queensland is subjected in the first few months of' the year.' i The grim fact was mentioned to Mr. Hunt that between Towns- ville and Thursday Island more people had been drowned to the j square mile than in any other part of Australia, and the Com- monwealth Meteorologist did not deny it, but he was adamant to the request of the Chamber for a meteorological station in North Ouecnsland, The criticisms, .of Mr. Hunt's reply have led _to: more than one question being asked in the House of Represen- tatives by Queensland members who know what a northern cy- clone is, and the Postmaster-Gen- eral has promised to call for ~a full and exhaustive report on the subject. Mr. Hunt made sever- al allegations against the ship- ping compánies, one being that masters were hauled over .the i coals if they did not run theil vessels to time, and another I that, .although , lie : had arrangée Ator tùc ' transmission "Ot wirclc* weather messagesMree his offe had met with no response. Bot' . these. allegations have been de nied by the shipping companies and in this connection it is ir teresting to note the remarks c Captain Irvine, of the Inn? mincka, who went .through tbi year, oft Cairns, .what tis pas: engers described as "the vor te bf "a hell let loose/' The ri marks referred to were contaii ed* in a letter which was printe in the "Post" on Monday. Ca] tain Irvine, after referring ti and giving instances of thc ui reliability of weather forecas: issued in the South, went on 1 say:'"It is hardly worth whi remarking on the statemei made "by the Commonweal! Meteorologist to the -Cain deputation, that ship maste were forced to sea by the : sh owners, to encounter hurrican or any weather. But there a a great many persons who. ( not read the forecasts.; ai they might. think that there some truth in the statemei The Australian ship masters ha lost too much by hurricanes wish their ships to meet then it means at least a very hea repair bill, ? perhaps1 a total los and ship owners like their rnoi] just as much as other peop' The Australian ship masters a no more anxious to meet hur canes than the meteorologi: and they would like to keep far away from them as he doe; but unfprtuiiately^tliey^.Ac*nn£ and' that is just exactly why t Cairns Chamber. o£ Commei asked him for a station in t cyclone belt. They did not a him to transfer the station fn Brisbane, as he informed 1 Press they had done. They a: ed on behalf of the seamen, I travelling. ' public, ~ the; NOT Queensland people; and Austr ians at large, that a competí meteorologist bc sent to 1 cyclone belt to studv these h ricanes. Was it too much ask for, seeing that there is ha Iv a family in North Oueenslj that has not.given its share the death roll of thp cyclone sea and on; land ? We have li some of our best men, our b friends, and our best ships them. , If blood is the price the station, we have bought fairly." In .the. face;of.such c dence, cán the Commonwea Government turn a deaf ear ? exhibit indifference to the dang- ers which beset North Queens- land in the cyclonic belt?* The urgency of the situation demands, nromot action, and it is hoped , it will be-taken. ' ¡ 