 vWBUEHEB FOBEC&STING. Tflx, Wragge Critical, u ? Mr. Clement L. Wragge has supplied nfl With the following forecast and comments, issued at 10 a.m. on Saturday:— 'Well, good people of Adelaide, all your , meteo- rological troubles are going temporarily to ease off, for the beneficent Usher pres sure? are now shadowing the Bight ? and approaching this fair city. But 'Agamem non.' like the sword of Damocles, is in a sulky mood about 800 miks sooth-vest from Albany, and TMmon' is frowning off Shatk Bay. The 'skirts' of 'Proserpine' will' yet affect all regions between Cape Northumberland, Capo Pillar, and Hunter River, causing nasty, unsettled weather from' b&tween Treat and south, while Tluto/ her lord, is now raging in very terror dVer the Tasman Sea. Oh, that we had' mfrtm«H of the cables and telegraph lines! _ In the interests of our common humanity, we should instantly warn Wel lington' that the north-westerlies trill howl . through' Cook's Straits lika tearine through a famy1^ and even seismic distarb ance' is likely' in that vicinity, as a fitting accompaniment to the march of the king «f gehenmu Why 'cannot the Common wealth Weather Bureau, with its most ample 'data and wireless facilities, take the people' inbre into its confidence, and tell them, in; plain, but pleasing, language what to- Aspect? If we field the reins of power as-of 'yore, we should have a meteorological service' second to none in tie world. Bat, instead of speaking out, the existing meteorqlogfcal officials seem half afraid, like some timorous child, while the very isobars are staring them in the face, as though protesting against a policy of shilly shally and what has been. Competency they may hope, but they lack that British element called pluck, and do not seem to be able to diagnose. Great gods, just fancy! Last Saturday, March 8, Tluto' was poking his ugly snout straight ait the Weather Office from Cape Leenwin, arid yet the modest forecast for South Aua tralia,,ksued at 9 p.m. on Sunday, March 9, and so sweet and childlike in its sim plicity, was enunciated in these terms: — 'Fine but warmer; easterly winds.' The irony_ .of the thing! Throw a little Napo fconia energy into your red-tape utterances Air. Uuei, and- don t feed toe public on akiSy.and milk and wafer. Remember that Ionian lives and property are at stake, and cultivate the faculty of correct diagnosis. Therein lies your very- salva tion.. .Hatters are more* favourable over Queensland, northern South Australia, and north-western and northern New South Wales; .but. 'Proserpine'; will cause very foxy south-westerly weather in Victoria and Tasmania, especially off the coasts, moderating, however, by, Monday. 'Dimon' stall .promises to, affect the oorth-west and the Territory; -but the' season is coming when the monsoons will lessen in intensity and when anti-cyclonic pressures will taRe their place. . The ' declination of the sun is a mighty. factor, and surely tells as the weeks go by.' 