 A WINTRY DAY. GALES AND RAIN. The weather on Friday was suggestive of winter. Throughout the morning pleas- ant conditions prevailed, although fairly strong breezes were blowing almost con- tinuously and the sky was obscured by clouds, the sun peeping through at inter- vals only. In the afternoon the clouds be- came more dense, and there was every an-1 pearance of rain, but it held off until even- ing, when a soaking shower fell shortly before 8 o'clock. It did not last long, but many people who were walking to the city from the suburbs were drenched. The tramcars were rushed at the street cor- ners, and the unexpectedly heavy traffic caused considerable inconvenience to pas- sengers, who were packed in the cars like! herrings in a tin. The showery conditions | lasted until a late hour. ME. WEAGG-E AGAH\T. ANOTHER PICTURESQUE FORE- CAST. During the afternoon Mr. Clement L. Wragge supplied us with the following prognostication of the weather:-"Im- primis, it is our duty to advise New Zea- land in unmistakable terms of the ap- proach of 'Pluto.* Dangerous weather is sure to be experienced along the entire west coast of the Dominion, under gales from between north-north-east, north, north-west, west, south-west, and south in turn, with hail and much rain. We pity the 'old man' hanging on to the weather rail in the Tasman Sea while tons of water sweep the decks amid the cackle of the fowls and the grunting of the pig, 'Den- nis,' with pea soup in the lee scuppers, and the majestic albatross sweeping around the surging blue wake. Yes. we can see it all. and picture it as vividly as though the body were actually haere. Some sailors will be running aft tor a gentle nip, pro- testing that they have the stomach ache, and get a dose of salts into the bargain. And when gradients ease off under the slowly advancing high pressures, up will go the'topsails to that grand old saltwater an tùem7Ranzo, boys, oh Raizo.' My word! but 'Pluto' will make things buzz properly between Tasmania and MaorilAnd. All New Zealand shipping is hereby warned. Glancing now at South Australia and ad- jacent waters, all that region between Cape Borda, Gabo, and Cape Raoul is un- der the influence of the aftermath of 'Pluto ; it is as though 'Proserpine' were hanging on to the mantle of- her dusky mate, with ter dirty skirts blown to lee- ward at che rate of Knots. But, as before intimated, the weather round Adelaide and, in South Australia generally will speedily become more settled as the high-pressure isobars surge eastward in rhythm under south-south-west winds, and these condi- tions will make easting, and the weather will improve before long in the south-east- ern States. 'Pluto' has cruelly affected New South Wales, just-as we said would happen. 'Agamemnon' is as surely -ap- proaching the, Jjeuwin as God made apples, and the.-probabilities of a coalition with Dimon' are todays more marked. Thus within four days Western Australia may expect nasty-weather »from between north-east, shifting north-west to south- west in turn, and Vessels bound towards the Indian Ocean will meet these condi- tions. »Thereafter- Adelaide's^ turn will come 'again, ' but we can only hope that 'Agamemnon' will not be quite so bad as 'Pluto,' and .there is a remote chance that he may sheer off into higher latitudes. There will be thunderstorms and charming displays of lightning in central Australia, Queensland, and the north-western portion oí New South Wales, and *Dimon' will in tensify»these factors-later.on. .Matters, arc. now suspicious north and, north-east from Rockhampton, and &lt;?, Brisbane. will, experi- ence blustering westerlies. We shaJL not be surprised to hear oi hurricanes over the western Pacific Islands.t, Altogether ¡t is a pretty''game of chess,' and.we watch the; developments, with the-.liveliest- . interest. .Proserpine^ the-wife of 'Pluto,* is, as it were, hanging on to him.' and will cause coastal rains and local squalls from be tween west-south-west and south ere the finer high pressures hold sway. Thereafter comes 'Agamemnon.'» The worst,tfeatures of all'wül be-over, the« Tasman-Sea and I New Zealand-under-'Pluto.'"tj ,, T THE' OFFICIAL REPOBT.c»« The Governmept Mcteorologisfc.'reported last night:-"Stormy weather bas been »ex- perienced.« «throughout this /-State ito-day, giving tbe »-impression that j winter is al- ready making successful onslaughts upon the dying summer. Showere.were reported from several stations, the highest amounts up to 3 pjn. being l8 »points at Gare and Mount Gambier. Aift, Adelaide, although very threatening, little orno; rain fell until the evening, when 8,paint« were registered between 7.30 »pan. and,;9 pjn. «.^Tempera- tures were generally« law,-being mainly in the .sixties; or lower seventies,-and at Ade* Jaide« the* maximum ehade reading was 72*8 degrees. Under the> influence of cold sontb wésterlies tbe reading, at 9 p.m. bad been reducedrto »57.- degrees, t Friday's weather chart.indicates that.«a cyclonic influence of considerables-energy -still operates.« over SoutK-Eastern Australia, and, althougb»be* coming lese intense, is continually being re- inforced byjow pressure waves. , At« pre- sent this system shows _no« promise of de- parture, though, ,of. course, when it does start -t¿> move eastwards it may gb sud- denly, ?» as ,i these .storms,» after -, centring round Tasmania for a while, often do, and, its passage will allow the-high, which; at present is stagnating over the Bight and causipg»-warm weather in the , western State, to move over this« State and-bring finer and more'settled conditions. For the present we may, t therefore, expect further, showers over the central and southern dis 'tncts, with «continued fresh to strong sputa-westerly .winds.'' , t A SIWEBË GTÂJJE. BUILDINGS UNROOFED.S '* Sydney, "Man* 14. . A westerly gale has been blowing all day, and'in places damage4'was dope to build- ings. At Newcastle several sheds », Were unroofed, and at Cook's Hill the roof of a timber yard was blown on to the trato] bne.-,-_ ^ I 