 CORRESPONDENCE« (We do not hold ourselves raspon 1 sible for the opinions expressed by our correspondents.) METEOROLOGICAL, STATIONS. ' (To tho Editor "Post" and "Herald.") Sir,-A paragraph appeared in a Melbourne paper o£ the 17th Sep- tember, which stated that Senator Maughan had requested in the Sen ate that "a more efficient system of weather warning stations should be established in the cyclonic arcas along the Queensland coast." In this connection, I would ask *hat has happened to the most complete chains of oHsfrving sta- tions that I personally established there, and equipped with the best instruments that London can pro- duce when I was in charge of the Queensland meteorological service ? f read further that Mr. ' Hunt "has completed arrangements that will I make Brisbane an up-to-date meteor Iological station, equipped with in- struments specially made to suit the northern climate." Surely-.there.;--is ? such a thing as justice in Austra- lia, and in that sacred cause pray .MIffg ug^r^peafcNaaav^.WaîujBÎ, my life's work gone for nothing ? For 16 years I was head, of : the Queensland Meteorological Depart- ment, and during that time I estab- lished, as thc Hon. Robert Philp fully admitted, "a meteorological and weather warning system second to none in the world." The Brisbane station was Srst-claas in every, res- pect when I had charge, and in ig- noring this a cruel wrong has been done to me. Is all my work ir Queensland, faithfully done to thc last item, to be thus negatived, and not a word of credit accorded ' Storms were warned and forecasts issued by me that were verified t&lt; 95 per cent, in accuracy, and not only was this done for Queensland but for, every;., part of j Australasia as the people will remember. Ant all this on an annual vote c £1500, as ' against £22,000, I bc lieve, now expended bj' the Federe Weather Bureau. Great goodness .what do; they, do' with tho -mohey The Koombana went down, and s did. the Yongala without, it a] pears, a word of warning. Th Commonwealth Meteorologist a fO' days ago performed grotesque e: periments in Melbourne, showir how the latter steamer foundered. Mr. Hunt talks of i'nstrumen specially suited to the northern c mate. This is mere tnoonshin Standard instruments such as I .ca ployed and personally fixed in pos tion over the whole of Quecnslan including Cape York Peninsula, ai the far west, are available' ¿il t world over, and the sooner t Minister in charçje realises this, ai asks a few questions, the better will be for ^ lb«a;Uó««rto«''-??'??.> though the heavens fall ! I guarantee that if¡ I were residí either at Cairns, Townsville, Bow Mackay, or Rockhampton during . hurricane season, with my o private instruments, not a sto should- slip through my fingers wi out most ample warning be given. In conclusion, I am v&lt; decidedly of opinion that, in exi ing circumstances, a special weat bureau should be established North Queensland, say at'Cairns Townsville, entirely independent Commonwealth control, and sooner it is done the better..:.Sui Queensland' will listen to my voil -Yours, etc.. CLEMENT L. WRAGGE, F.R.G.S.,_F.R. Met. Soc., etc. Late Government Meteorologist of Queensland. 