 ANUH3SES AM) HIS SON. ME. WBAGGE PEOMISBS RAIN. Writing from Morgan cm Sunday even ing, Mr. Clement L. Wragge says:— "Briefly surveying meteorological affairs to-night, we find that disturbance Tro jan' (first "warned an April 28). having fiddled properly off the coasts of the eastern. States, and played harvoc with the steamers St. AThan« and Burwah, is still carousing over tie Tasman Sea, | and very seriously threatening New Zea land. Lord Howe Lsland will long re member him. In fact the Dominion, as we write, will be under the influence of his sinister umbra. It is as if old Troy were making a big stand against the le gions of the crafty Greek; and old Father Anclrises, still awaiting his opportunity off the Leenwin, means to have a good finger in the pie. He will be followed by the doughty iEneas which, basmg our calculations on rhythmic and har monic law, should now be running the , easting down in the neighborhood of Kerguelen Island. But -people are more i immediately concerned with Anchiees. Well, he is coming—make no mistake I about it—and judging from the contour ing of the anti-cyclonic or high pres sure isobars, he looks more promising with respect to rain than when wc first gave notice of his existence five days ago. Captains bound west will have to face the music to a dead certainty, and will encounter heavy northerlies to westerlies, especially in higher latitudes, and thereafter the winds will shift to south-west and south and blow great guns, particularly south from the for tieth parallel. Now mark—and we very urgently advise the eastern States—the conditions just intimated will especially affect Melbourne and Southern Victoria, the whole of Tasmania, Sydney, and 1 the entire coast of New South Wales. Brisbane will get heavy westerlies. Not only so, but a renewal of heavy weather ic as sure as God made apples over the Tasntan Sea and New Zealand, and all this before May expires. It onJy re mains for the present wall of high pre^sure to give way—as yield it must— and then look out for squalls and the prowest- of Anchises. More rain will probably fall in South Australia than was at first expected, and the eastern States will have enough of it ere the time Emit expires. lamar tides impell ing Anchises will be a prominent fee tor, yet all this notwithstanding the pre sent year should show an under average rainfall, especially in inland paite. in accordance with our published seasonal forecasts, bat not so tad ae 1912. The public will please remember that these advices are based on our own isolated observations and travelling instruments, combined with long experience in meteo rological diagnosis, and. on a survey at the daily weather chants which have fre quently an erroneous contouring and which have to be corrected. Had we the data and instruments possessed by the present Weather Bureau, ninety-nine out of every hundred daily forecasts would be correct, and at less than half the pre sent official cost Such is a fact." 