 Second Edition. queensland weather stations, Mr. Wragge's Work. To the Editor.— Sir,— A paragraph ap- peared in a Melbourne paper of the 17th instant, which stated that Senator Maughan had requested in the Senate that a more efficient system of weather warning stations should be established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast." In this connection I would ask what, has happened to the most complete chains of observing stations, that I per- sonally established there, and equipped with the best instruments that London can produce, when I was in charge of the Queensland meteorological service ? I read further that Mr. Hunt has com- pleted arrangements that will make Bris- bane an up-to-date meteorological sta- tion, equipped with instruments specially made to suit the northern climate. Surely there is such a thing, as justice in Aus- tralia, and that, sacred cause may allow me to speak. Has the best of my life's work gone for nothing ? For 13 years I was head of the Queensland Meteorological Department, and during that time, I established as was admitted, " a meteorological and weather warn- ing system, second to none in the world." The Brisbane station was first- class in every respect, when I had charge, and in ignoring this, a cruel wrong has been done to me. Is all my work, faith- fully done, to the lasst item under most trying circumstances, to be thus nega- tived, and not a word of credit accorded in my declining years ?. Storms were warned, and forecasts issued by me that were verified at 95 per cent in accuracy, and not only was this done, for Queensland, but for every part of Australasia, as the people, will remem- ber. And all this on an annual vote of £1,500, as against. £22,000 (I believe), now expended by the federal weather bureau. What do they do with the money ? The Koombana went down, and so did the Yongala, without a word of warning by the Commonwealth meteorologist, who a few days ago performed cruelly gro- tesque experiments in Melbourne, showing how the latter steamer foundered. Mr. Hunt, talks of instruments specially suited to the northern climate. This is mere moonshine. Standard instruments such as I employed and personally fixed in posi- tion over the whole of Queensland, includ- ing Cape York Peninsula, and the far west, are available all the world over, and the sooner the Minister in charge realises this, and asks a few questions, the better it will be for a long suffer- ing public and shipping. Let justice be done though the heavens fall. Surely Queensland, to which I de- voted the best years of my life, will listen to my voice.—Yours, &c., CLEMENT WRAGGE, F.R.G.S., F.R., Met. SoC., &C., Late Government Meteorologist of Queensland. September 24th, 1913. 