 ANCHISES AND HIS SON.I MR. WRAGGE PROMISES RAIN. ! Writing from Morgan on Sunday 'even- ing, Mt. Clement L. W-rasge bays: "Briefly surveying meteorological aftairs to-night, we find that disturbance Tro- jan' (finît warned on April 28), having fiddled properly off the coasts of ttie eastern Sta.es, and played havoc with the steamers St. Albans and Burwah, is still carousing over the Tasman Sea. and very seriously threatening New Zea- land. Lord Howe Island will long re- member him. In fact the Dominion, as we write, will be under the influence ot his' sinister umbra. It is as if old Troy were making a big stand against» the, le- gions of the crafty Greek; aud old Father Anchases, still awaiting bis opportunity off the Leeuwin, means to have a good finger in the pie. He will be followed by the dougbty ißneas which, basing oar calculations on rhytlimie and har- monic law, should now be running the easting down in the neighborhood at Kerguelen Island. But ¡people are more immediately concerned with Anchise*. Weil, he is coming-make no mistake about it-and fudging from the contour- ing of the anti-cyclonic or high pres- sure isobars, he looks more prorndsmg with respect to rain than when we first gave notice of ^bis existence five days ago. Captain*; bound west wiD. have to face the music to a dead certainty, and will encounter heavy northeriieR to westerlies, especially in higher latitudes, and thereafter the winds will shift to south-Tvest and south and blow, great guns, particulariv south from the for- tieth parallel. Now mark-and we very urgently advise the eastern States-the conditions just intimated wiD especially affect Melbourne and Southern Victoria, the whole of Tasmania, Sydney, and the entire coast of New South Wales. Brisbane will get heavy westerlies. Not only so, but a renewal of heavy weather is as sure as God made apples over the Tasman Sea and New Zealand, and all tins before May expires. It only re- mains for the present wall of / high pressure to gire way-as yield it must and then look out for squalls and the prowess of Anchises. More rain will probaibry fall in South Australia than was at first expected, and 'the eastern States.wiH have enough of it ere the time limit expires. Lunar tides impell- ing Ancniises wiH be a prominent fac- tor, yet all this notwithstanding the pre- sent year should show an under average rainfall, especially in inland parts, in accordance with our published seasonal forecasts, but' not ao bad as 1912. The public will please remember that these advices are based on our own isolated observations and travelling instruments, comlbmed with long experience in meteo- rological diagnosis, and on a survey ot the -daily weather chart« which have* fre- quently an 'erroneous contouring and winch have_ to be corrected. Had we the data and mptruments possessed by" the present Weather Bureau, ninety-nine out of every hundred daily forecasts would be correct, and at lesss than half the pre- sent official cast. Such is a fact." 