 SCATTERED SHOWERS. The Meteorological Officer - (Mr. Brom ley) remarked oA Saturday morning: — tj'.oomy weather conditions prevailed throughout .South Australia this morning, with squally north-west to south-west winds, and showers at places on the coast. During the last 24 hours the energetic low-pressure wave which was indicated on vceterday's weather chart south of Al biay has been making very rapid pro g»ess eastward. The centre, however, is keeping well to the southward, and this State is not likely to materially benefit by its rain-producing influences. The ba rometer at 8.30 a.in. at Oape Northum btrland, in the extreme south-east, read —119, while similarly low readings exist through Bass Strait. Under these circum stances the sea there will become very rough. To ihe westward barometers are cow rising under the influence of a high pressure system, which is advancing to wards Western Australia. While this anti-cyclone is moving towards us we will experience squally south-westerly winds and passing showers. ONSLAUGHT OF 'URSUS.' MR. WRAGGE CONFIDENT. Mr. Clement Wrajrge, who is at King ston, telegraphed this morning: — 'The disturbance ?Ijrsus'' will prove a very tirror, and the end is not jet. Jt is all tiie one storm, and in every fact lie stxetches from Cape Ler-uwin right to tiie TiSinan Sea. while nestling as on the fold.s ?jf his ample mantle lies little *''Lygia,'m shy and coy, east from Hobart. The tales' and electric- tension of 'Urdus'' will loug be remembered, and so will his beneficial rains, which, as stated some days ago, should ensure the salvation of the South Australian harvest. We are -writing at 3.30 a.m., and the tii-kinR barograpn ia beside us- 'Doivu' rocs tap instrument, end on conies *Un=us' in terrific onslaught, 1 like the original go-njr for the bull. 1 Shipping will undoubtedly have a bn'i tinio undrr the north-westerly to westeriv and southerly gales, aud especially wln»n the Luiometi-r begins to rise a^rain. We con sider it our sacred duty to warn the east-' ern States, and especially Noiv Zealand, j Heed or not. my masters, wo hereby dis- 1 charge the obligations of our trust. -.oiv. ! fanners, remember that 4Ursus' is a good ? njune for infant boys — jump, dance, and ! take the hiut^' ? ^^ 