 THE BRISBANE OBSERVATORY ' ? WOT UP-TO-DATE MR. WBAGGE EXPLAINS. ? To, the Editor. ? Sir - A paragraph has appeared j in a Melbourne : paper which stated that Senator Maughan had, requested in the Senate that a more effi-, cient eystem -of "weather warning stations should be established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast, and that the Commonwealth' Meteorologist has intimated that the Brisbane meteo rological observatory is not up to date. For 16 years I was head of the Queensland meteorological ser vice, and -during that time ' I established, as. Mr. Eobert PMp a former Premier, fully admitted, "a. mfr teorological and weather warning system second to none in the*, world." I had everything fixet class when I left Queens land in 1903, and as everybody knows I used to issue weather forecasts for every part of Australasia, which were verified to 96 per cent.-in accuracy. Mr. Hunt has done me a cruel wrong, and I can only look 'to an impartial and just public ana press for', some measure of redress. The -Commonwealth Meteorologist talks of Installing new instruments, specially .suited to the northera climate. Allow me to say that I personally. fixed in posi tion in Queensland the very best stan dard instruments in all parte of the country, including Cape York Ueninsula, and the t$x west. Such instruments ace available all the woiid over, and the sooner that, the :MiniBter in charge and Senators generally realise this and -ask a iew pertinent ^jnestiens in the House the better it will be for the general pub lic and shipping.. My vote was only £1500 a yeai, and the amount how grant ed to the Weather Bureau exceeds, I un derstand, £22,000 annually. Great good ness ! What do they do witlvjljye tnoneyf What have they done witlvv^jt J, S The Koombana went.-down, aad*"so did the :Yongala, and not i word of warning ap pears to.-have been issued1 by the Fede ral .Meteorologist, who just lately has been conducting a series of crofcesgue ex periments in Melbourne, showing how ithe lastflained -steamer must have foun dered. That is great -consolation, truly, to widowsgndorphartedehiMren! . If the -Queensland- "Hjeather BureA' .had been operating "under my regime most ample warning would have been given. In existing circumstances'a special wea ther bureau ought to .be established -at XSalins orT-ownsviUe before the hurricane months, entirely-independent of -Federal control, and : the eooner th is is done the better. "The .whole question" is in the. hands of the pnblic, and so I leave it. I»ei justice be don®, though the heavens l am, . ?'V'?--'."?OXflEMEXT H WBAGGE. 