 8R HUNT CR-i!l!SE9. Since the reply of Mr- Hunt to the deputation from the Cairns Chamber of Commerce, which waited upon him to ask that a .meteorological station be estab lished here in order to expedite storm warnings, the Common wealth Meteorologist has been subjected to a good deal of criticism. The latter has not come irom people with only _ a very cursory and superficial knowledge of the subject, but from experts who are in author ity to speak, and -whose utter ' ances command attention and ,'_ respect. A few days ago the 'Post' published a letter from Mr. Clement Wragge, the re nowned meteorologist, and in the course of his remarks the latter said : 'The Koombana went down, and so did the Yongala without, it appears, a word of Warning. The Commonwealth Meteorologist a few days ago performed grotesque* experiments in Melbourne, showing how the latter steamer foundered. Mr. Hunt talks of instruments speci ally suited to the northern clim ate. This is mere moonshine. Standard instruments such as I employed and personally feed in position over the whole of Queensland, including Cape York Peninsula and the Far West, are available all the world over,' and the sooner the Minister in charge realises this, and asks a few questions, the better it will be for a long-suffering public and shipping. Let justice he done, though the heavens fall ! I guarantee that if I were resident either at Cairns, Townsville, Bowen, Mac'iay, or Rockhampton during the hurricane season, with my own private 'instruments, not a storm should slip through my fingers without most 'ample warning being given. In con clusion, I am very decidedly of opinion that, in existing circum stances, a special weather bureau should be established in North Queensland, say at Cairns or Townsville, entirely independent of Commonwealth control, and the sooner it is done the better. Surely Queensland will listen to my voice \' What has Mr. Hunt to say to the forceful, emphatic and convincing utterances of Mr. Wragge, who knows what he is talking about, because his' know ledge of meteorology is unchal lenged ? Surely Mr. Hunt's re marks about telegrams between Cairns and Brisbane and Cairns and Townsville occupying the same time in transmission pale into insignificance when placed beside the telling arguments of Mr. Wragge. During the course of his reply to the. Cairns Cham ber of Commerce, Mr. Hunt over and over again displayed* the fact that he could not get the idea out of his head that because a few thousand people were liv ing within the cyclone belt they were not entitled to as much at tention as, if not greater than many thousands outside that belt. Let it be granted that Newcastle has violent storms at different periods of the year, also allow the statement that Geelong has unwelcome disturb ances of Nature, that does not cnlintarirf n«* mifirra^n 1(10 Aan + li ia;uiihjii^-- \jl tiii«-*p;^i.c 111- iive*i.ii dealing cyclonic infernos to which North Queensland is subjected in the first few' months of the year. The grim fact was mentioned to Mr. Hunt that between Towns ville and Thursday Island more people had been drowned -to the square mile than in any other part of Australia, and the Com monwealth Meteorologist did not deny it, but he was adamant to the request of the Chamber for a meteorological station in North Queensland. The criticisms of Mr. Hunt's reply have led to more than one question being asked in the House of Represen tatives by Queensland members who know what a northern cy clone is, and the PostmasterGen eral has promised to call for a fall and exhaustive report on the subject. Mr. Hunt made sever al allegations against the ship ping companies, one being that masters were hauled over the coals if they did not run their vessels to time, and another that although he had arranged for the transmission of wireless weather messages free his offer had met with no response. Both these allegations have been de nied by the shipping companies, and in this connection it is in teresting to note the remarks of Captain Irvine, of the Inna raincka, who went through this year, off Cairns, what his pass engers described as 'the vortex of a hell let loose.' The re marks referred to were contain ed in a letter which was printed in the 'Post' on Monday. Cap tain Irvine, after referring to, and giving instances of the un reliability of weather .forecasts issued in the South, went on to say : 'It is hardly worth while remarking on the statement made by the Commonwealth Meteorologist to the Cairns deputation, that ship masters were forced to sea by the ship owners, to encounter hurricanes or any weather. But there are a great many persons who do not read the forecasts ; and they might think that there is some truth in the statement. The Australian ship masters have lost too much by hurricanes to wish their ships to meet them ; it means at least a very heavy repair bill, perhaps a total loss. and ship owners like their money ' just as much as other people. ; The Australian ship masters are : no more anxious to meet hurri canes than the meteorologist, and they would like to keep as far away from them as he does ; but unfortunately they cannot, and that is just exactly why the Cairns Chamber of Commerce asked him for a station in the cyclone belt. They did not ask him to transfer the station from Brisbane, as he informed, the Press they had done. They ask ed on behalf of the seamen, the travelling public, the North Queensland people, and Austral ians at large, that a competent meteorologist be sent to the cyclone belt to study these hur ricanes. Was it too much to ask for, seeing that there is hard ly a family in North Queensland that has not given its share to the death roll of the cyclone at sea and on land ? We have lost some of our best men, our best friends, and our r-p«t 'shine in them. If blood is the price of the station, we have bought it fairly.' In the face of such evi dence, can the Commonwealth Government turn a deaf ear and exhibit indifference to the dang ers which beset North Queens land in the cyclonic belt ? l The urgency of the situation demands prompt action, and it is hoped it will be taken. 