 USEFUL RAIN. MORE EXPECTED SHORTLY. "The Government Meteorologist reported on \ifc. tóday morning:-"Further raia was recorded over the agricultural areas during the past 24 hours, but with few exceptions the amounts received have been only light and under a quarter of an inch. In the upper north, with, the exception of 53 points at Melrose, the falls were very «mattered and under 10 pointe. In the lower north a few places recorded over 30 points, otherwise they were exceedingly light. On the Mount Lofty rangea and the lower South-East the following stations received about half an inch:-Stirling Wef-t, 54 point?; Mount Gambier, 47 points; àarracoorte, 43 pointe; Lucin- I dale, 43 points; while Uraidla registered I the highest individual total, namely, 83 points. Elsewhere over the southern coastal districts the rains are chiefly lieht, but with the falls recorded the pre- vious day the totals* represent a useful precipitation. Adelaide during the past 48 boura received 28 points. This morning's weather chart bhows that the disturbance which produced the recent rain now lies to the west of Tasmania, and a moderate anti-cyclone covers the greatest part of . this State and the interior. Another Ant «rtcic disturbance, however, is advancing along the ocean towards this State, and i-honTd bring more unsettled weather with rain." The 9 p.m. report stated:-"The new 'Antarctic disturbance has by this after- noon's reports advanced eastward, the barometer over our western districts fall- ing under its influence. We may, there- fore, expect unsettled weather and ram »gain by the end of the week." "LET FARMERS REJOICE." Mr. Clement Wragge writes:-''There is fio 'new' disturbance at present in the ¿Australasian region. It is all sweet "Lisbeth.' The 'g'ri' covers, as it were, the Southern Ocean horizontally, her head over Tasmania, her skirts over the Bight, and ber legs off Cape Leeuwin. She had not yet done with South Australia by any means, and farmers can rejoice and jubi- late to their hearts' content." . BAIN* ON KANGAROO ISLAND. Lieutenant-Colonel Castine, who had been on a visit to Kanearoo Island, re- j turned to Adelaide on ThursSay evening. ile stated that bountiful rains had fallen on portions of the island. At the Springs, where the Government experimental plots are situated, about l8 miles from Kir»" ecote. th e rainfall from July 10 to 16 amounted to 1.04 in., and the experimental plots were looking extremely wall. A" DREARY PROSPECT. Eudunda. July 16. The continued absence of rain is causing the gravest anxiety. In most casos where the land Las been examined the grain, where it has not grown, is still in the ground. In dozens of cases farmers had re»own their land in June, because they j could fee where the wheat had started to ¡ grow, but there was not enough moisture j to drive the plant through the top soil. 1 In many paddocks, where apparently there waa no moisture in the ground,whatever, the wheat is through and looking healthy and strong. There are farmers who pos Bev crops that are through splendidly, .whilst other portions of their holdings have -come up patchily. If the (trains still in the ground do'not malt with the-- first rains they will grow. Last year a far- mer on the Anlaby Blocks found that in one of his paddocks wheat came up as late as September, and he burned bis cattle on to the wheat and fed it off. The re- fait was an even-grown crop. This parti- cular paddock turned out best of all he had, 27 bushels being the average off about 60 acres. . Along the road to Anlaby Blocks their is some nice, wheat, but most pad- docks are patchy. Where the eoil is sandy the wheat has 'come through, but not where the red clay soil predominates. "Fanners in the scrub believe most of tneir fefd has perished, and even should rain fall s*»on and conditions be favorable, they do not hope for even a fair harvest. Al- though the outlook is so bad in the scrub, the best piece of wheat between Morgan ran be &lt;?een in the heart of the scrub. Dur- ing the March floods Mr. R. KKtecher, of Bower, had about 100 acres of fallow ground nnder water for hours, so that it was thoroughly saturated. At fir«t he intended to sow the lot, but. unfortunately, put in only 25 acres. This piece ¿as been fed off twice, ' and the wheat is a foot high again. ,4Mr. Kilitssher bfclicve3 erhonld no more rain faD till harvest that there is enough moisture in the ground to bring this wheat to a head. On ground sown alongside this flat he thinks the prospect hojéeles«. 