 The Climate and Weather of Australia. No. II. In this — the second article of the series — the writer deals with some of the avoidable causes of drought, and gives much sound advice regarding the effect of afforestation, ringbarking, water conservation, and irriga- tion on local climate. He also suggests several important schemes that might be carried out in Australia, such as the damming of the Warrego, the Maranoa, the Condamine, the Lachlan, and the Darling. BY CLEMENT WRAGGE, F.R.G.S., etc. WE now come to the subjects of forest conservancy, ringbarking, water conservation, and irrigation in connection with, climate. A whole volume could be written: on these subjects. The trees of Australia are one of its greatest assets, and it is positively heartbreak- ing to a lover of the beautiful to see over vast acres of country gaunt, weird, bleached trunks stretching out their arms to heaven as if in mute protest against the whole sale slaughter. We fully admit that land must be cleared for agricultural and residential purposes ; but there is the right way and the wrong way in which to do it, and the latter largely predominates. Forests powerfully affect and modify climate, and form part of Nature's economy in the great Australian land. The fallen leaves form humus for the growth of sweet grass, and the roots, by binding the soil, prevent disintegration and denudation by floods. In forest lands there should always be grass and food for stock. To ruthlessly destroy our trees can only spell disaster. One cannot disturb the equilibrium of Nature without being paid out and charged compound interest on the transaction in the long run. Droughts in the past would not have been so severe but for the ruth- less destruction of the trees which render climate more equable and most surely tend to increase the rainfall, while keeping the soil from being baked by the sun. Changes of temperature go on more slowly in forest coun- try than in the open. Yet trees must be cut for timber— that we fully allow—but for every tree cut down, save in areas particularly pastoral and agricultural, another, one should be planted, and we regard Arbor Days as one of the greatest institutions of the country. Take the arid plains, of Spain, caused by forest denudation, and let Australians learn the lesson. Generally speaking, clearing the land and ringbarking for agriculture should be carried out in the form of a circle or oval, leaving a broad belt of timber on either side, with sheltering clumps here ; and there in the middle. Protection would thus be af- forded against the burning winds of summer and the chilly blasts of winter, and the clumps in the middle would afford grateful shade for sheep and cattle. Yet some people never pause to think, never exercise the divine faculties of mind; but they cut, slash; and destroy as though the trees were the greatest enemies they had, instead of genuine friends. Irrigation. IT is highly gratifying to know of the splendid irrigation work carried out in the Goulburn Valley, at Renmark and Mildura, and of those now under construction by the New South Wales Government. Would that it could be continued to all the main river districts throughout the country! Water conservation to Australia, providing against drought time, is its very salvation, and all irrigated lands should have a modified and genial local climate—a new climate, in fact, produced by the energy of man. Let us give one instance of work that should yet be carried out—there are many such. We mean the damming of the Warrego and the irrigation of western South Queensland. What is now in drought time a burning wilderness, with the ugly black crows cawing the dirge of death and disaster, could be converted into a miniature. Nile Valley, and Cunnamulla would blossom as an Elysian garden in an irrigated Mesopotamia. Oranges, lemons, olives, vines, dates, bananas, and many other luscious fruits could, by irrigation, be grown on those western plains with entire success. Very gardens of Paradise would adorn the country, and an extreme climate would be rendered more equable and delightful. Get Up and Dam. THE same is true of the Maranoa, Condamine, Barcoo, Lachlan, Darling, and other districts; and if we were Prime Minister we should repeal a law that hampered private enterprise, and should offer a substantial bonus ; to all landholders who would contribute their share to wards the cost of damming all the rivers and main creeks. By suitable locks a system of inland navigation could be inaugurated, and the luscious produce brought down by fleets of steamers to a harbour at the Murray mouth, thence to be despatched to the markets of the world. This is no Utopian dream; it can become a very reality when a statesman is produced who will force the thing through by the very power of the master, mind: Then the terrors of drought will have ceased, and man will have come to his rightful inheritance. Work is life, Work is true prayer ! Away with stupid supplications for rain. Again we say, "Get up and dam !" If Australia were under American or Japanese rule such irrigation works as those instanced would have been done long ago. Irri- gated lands ; alter the temperature and vapour tensions, increase humidity, and modify burning winds; and such, coupled with tree-planting and forest conservancy, would render continental Australia one of the most charming countries of the world. More than this, if a Roosevelt or a Taft were incarnated in this land Lakes Torrens, Eyre, Gairdner, and Amadeus would be connected with the sea, and all difficulties of level overcome, as in the case of the Panama Canal. Of course, it would mean money; but money is only means to an end, by the right use of which human life is bettered, and the money would be forthcom- ing and yield ample results. Then indeed would climate, be improved, and the arid wastes of the interior converted into an Eden. Very much more might be said about climatology; but this section must now close. Our Climatological Belts. BEFORE proceeding to summarise the work of ordinary forecasting, it might be well to give a list of the 45 main climatological belts, regions, or zones that influ- ence the climates of Australia. They are: — (1) The west ern half of Cape York Peninsula; (2) the eastern half of Cape York Peninsula; (3) the seaboard between Cooktown and Cleveland Bay; (4) the hills between Cooktown and the 17th parallel bordering the sea; (5) inland districts of Queensland north from latitude 17deg. S, including the plains of Carpentaria; (6) the littoral between Cape Cleve land and the Tropic of- Capricorn; (7) hilly districts near the sea between the parallel of Cape Cleveland and the Tropic; (8) inland and western districts of Queensland south from the 17th parallel, thence to the Tropic; the coast strip between Cape Capricorn and the Clarence River; (10) the coast hills between the Tropic and the Clarence, including the Blackall Ranges; (11) inland and western Queensland south from the Tropic; (12) the coast strip between the Clarence, and Moruya (including Sydney and the Illawarra); (13) the New England district and adjacent features; (14) the hill coastal zone between New England and Queanbeyan (including; modifications in the Blue Mountains); (15) the inland districts of New South Wales;: (16) the coast between Moruya and Cape Howe; (17) Monaro, Kosciusko, and the alpine region; (18) Gipps land; (19) inland Victoria; (20) the coast belt of western Victoria; (21) the north 'coast of Tasmania; , (22) the east coast of Tasmania; (23) , the south coast of Tasmania; (24) Mount Wellington and adjacent hills; (25) the Myrtle scrubs and west coast of Tasmania; (26) central Tas mania; (27) the Tiers and northern mountains of Tas mania; (28) the coasts of South Australia east from the meridian of Port Lincoln; (29) the hills of South Aus The Paralysing Hand of the Ringbarker. "To ruthlessly destroy our trees can only spell disaster. One cannot disturb the equilibrium of Nature without being paid out and charged compound interest on the transaction in the long run." tralia, including Mount Lofty; the Gawler, Barossa, and Flinders Ranges; (30) the mallee scrub generally; (31) the inland plains of South Australia south from the Tropic; (32) the coast between Port Lincoln and Eucla; (33) the coast between Eucla and Albany; (34) the jarrah forests and south-western corner of Western Australia; (35) in land Western Australia south : from the 30th parallel; (36) the coast belt between; Perth and the Tropic; (37) inland Western Australia between 30deg. S and the Tropic of Capricorn; (38) the coast of Western Australia between the Tropic and the 17th parallel; (39) inland Western Australia withinthe lastnamed limits; (40) the coast of Western Australia north from the 17th parallel; (41) inland Western Australia north from the 17th parallel; (42) the coast of the Northern Territory; (43) inland dis tricts of the Territory north from latitude 17deg. S; (44) the western coast of the Gulf of Carpentaria; (46) the tablelands and steppes of Central Australia. Ordinary Forecasting. THE meteorologist's duty is to issue ordinary forecasts of the weather. These should cover periods of 24 hours to a week in advance, and be fulfilled with an accuracy of 95 per cent. Owing to the geographical posi- tion of Australia the work of ordinary weather forecasting is rendered far less difficult than in the northern hemi- sphere. The country is governed by two main types of atmospheric disturbance — the anticyclonic or high pressure system and the cyclonic or low pressure. Not that, a cyclone necessarily means a hurricane; it is a technical term (just as if a geologist were to go into the road and pick up a handful of dirt he would call it 'rock'), and merely implies low pressure. The main atmospheric waves sweep across Australia from west to east, and as there are troughs and crests in the waves of the ocean so there are in the atmosphere. (Continued on Page 49.) THE CLIMATE AND WEATHER OF AUSTRALIA. (Continued from Page 8.) THE tropical hurricanes or cyclones pro- per usually approach from north-east towards south-west, and recurve towards south-east between the parallels of 13 and 26 degrees, as the sun's southern declination decreases, and owing to rarefied atmosphere becoming jammed or walled in by anti- cyclonic crests. Stations for the securing of forecasting data are known as first order and second order. They should be scattered all over the country, and not farther apart than 100 miles. In addition to the instruments employed at climatological stations each one must be supplied with the noblest of all meteorological instruments, the standard mercurial barometer, which may be either of the Fortin or Board of Trade pattern, and first-order stations must also be fitted with a barograph, thermograph, and hygrograph for registering in aniline ink, by clockwork motion, every variation continuously in pressure, temperature, and humidity. Ane- mometers or wind recorders are also advis- able, but not imperative; and observations should be taken at 3 a.m., 9 a.m., 3 p.m., and 9 p.m., at the early hour by self-record- ers to avoid interference with the observer's rest. Care of Barometer. STANDARD barometers are most delicate instruments, and the transportation and final fixing of such an one at an out- station demands the utmost care. Nursing a recalcitrant baby is nothing compared to carrying a barometer on horseback or on the top of a coach to a fair distant outpost. We had enough of this when originally founding barometric stations through Cape York Peninsula and in the wilds of the "Never-Never," whence forecasting data are now derived daily under the new regime. If an infant receives a shake, it will cry and get over it. Not so the barometer. When not in active use it must be carried cistern end up, and the slightest jar may cause air ultimately to vitiate what is technically known as the torricellian vacuum. Thus the instrument, which reads to thousandths of an inch, by improper handling may be come useless for scientific work; and even when finally hung in position it should be carefully protected by a wire guard. A damaged barometer giving wrong read ings might seriously vitiate a forecast on which momentous interests depend. The public have no idea of the enormous labour and responsibility in this regard attaching to the writer when fixing such instruments in the backblocks, and of the keen joy experienced when the barometer was finally fixed, as at Boulia. And never shall we forget safely landing the barometer on the very summit of Kosciusko. Then ob- servers have to be taught, and ultimately be come as a trained "barometric nurse." This work became the foundation of the present weather service. All that has been said with regard to management and inspection applies with special force to these stations, whence data are telegraphed to the head office for the preparation of the weather chart on which the daily forecasts are based. (To be Continued.) 