 THE WEATHER. FURTHER SHOWERS PROMISED. The Government Meteorologist reported on Friday morning:-'The Antarctic dis- turbance noted yesterday to the south oi Albany made rapid progress during the last 24 hours, and is shown on to-day's chart centered south of Kangaroo Island. Under its influence clouds quickly gathered early this morning, and at 8.30 &.m. abo weather, except in the east, was threaten- ing in South Australia, and light rain had «?« in over the greater part of Yorke Peninsula, on the west Ceast, and in scat- tered places in the lower northern and central agricultural areas. In those dis- tricts light rain was recorded. Cowell re- ceived 12 points and Green'6 Plains and Maitland 10 points. ELscrwhere the falls were lower. Over Western Australia the barometers have risen considerably since yesterday, and an anti-cyclone now coven mest of-that State. As this system niov.» eastward it will bring cold south-westerly winds on its advancing side. s*> that' dur- ing the next day or two we may expect unsettled, showery weather in the agri- cultural area», with winds veering to cold and squally south-westerlies, while along the coast stormy conditions will prevail. The rains are likely to be heaviest, as in the previous instance, over the southern districts, especially the Mount Lofty Banges and the South-East. The baro- meter at Adelaide at midday was showing 2fi.70 in., and it is interesting to note that this is the lowest air pressure since about the middle of March." The 9 p.m. report stated:-"Cloudy and unsettled weather hecame general through- out this State to-day and extended as far to the north-east as Broken Hill, where light rain was falling at 3 p.m. Other sta- tions to report rain up te that time were Blinman and Orroroo, 2 paints each; Clare and Snowtown, 12 pointe each; Strath- albyn, 2 points; and Cape Northumber- land. 12 points. At Adelaide light rain fell for a while after 9 a.m., 3 points being registered at the Observatory. The weather became finer, however, and remained so, though rather squally, until late in the afternoon, when, soon after 4 p.m., a thunderstorm, with heavy rain, occurred, and further showers fell during the even- ing, making a total rainfall from 9 a.m. to £> p.m. of 13 points. The disturbance which is now affecting this State is .the most marked since March, the barometer at Adelaide on Friday afternoon falling to 29.58 in. To the westward, the very ener- getic anticyclone is pushing in rapidly, so that we may cxpect squally westerly winds, with further showers, chiefly over the southern districts." MR. WBAGGE SANGUINE. Mr. Clement Wragge has supplied ns with the following advice:-'The western half of the main disturbance 'Lis bet*' is steadily approaching; and the rains will probably largely benefit all agricultural areas. It is all the one system. Ship- ping is warned of the heavy weather travelling eastwards. The eastern Stetes are advised." , ' ' . , , i, " - BAIN AT PARILLA. The following telegram was received in Adelaide on Friday afternoon by Mr. J. Entwistle from Parilla:-"Cloud-burst oc-1 curred here to-day. Kain is falling stead-1 fly;'likely to continue." I GOOD FALLS IN THE WEST. . I . Perth, July l8. The rainy conditions which prevailed over the south-western' portion of the State on Wednesday continued yesterday, when good falls were recorded^ A feature of yesterday's rain was that the dry wheat-growing districts, east of Kellerber- rin, .participated. 