 Latest Telegrams. THE LEVANTING PARSON. March- 13th. - The story of the Rev. Albert Knight, formerly vicar of Christ Church, Leeds, whose supposed re- &nbsp; cent tragic death by drowning caused a sensation throughout England, but who was subsequently discovered to have left England in the companv of a Miss Fanny Grimes, was revived on Monday morning by the arrival of the steamer Port Lincoln from Lon- don, via Capetown. When the stea- mer arrived at Melbourne a crowd of reporters were in waiting on the pier. But the couple, who are tra- velling as Mr. and Mrs. King, cleverly gave the inquisitive pressmen the slip, and their present whereabouts is un- known. Their fellow passengers on the steamer speak in the hightest terms of the couple. > ¡WAR TO THE KNirE March 13th. The Suffragette sicietics in the United Kingdom have resolved hence " forth to oppose all the Government candidates for Parliamentary honors and to support -those put forward in the Labor interest. Even the non militant section of the suffragettes have begun to boycott those trades- men who haye opposed the movement for granting the vote to women One of the aims, also, is to divert to the suffragette cause donations intended for charitable and other purposes, and all sympathisers with the move- ment are being urged to withdraw all their deposits in the Post Odice Savings Bank and to reinvest the money in countries where the fran- chise is granted to women. SENSATIONAL SHOOTING ' March 13th. An extraord'nary and most sensa- tional shooting affray occur rtd in Melbourne on Tuesday Particulars to hand go to show that the fusillade toole place at the Chinese Consulat*» in William street, during the evening. It appears that after having spent the whole afternoon at the Consulate with^ the Chinese Consul, Gênerai Yung Liang Hwang, discussing mat- ters connected with his previous re- lations as Secietary at the Chinese Consulate, Thomas Jones Chía, aged 30,» suddenly drew from his porket an aitomatic pistol and fired four point blank shots at General Hwang \ Only one of the shots took effect, the bullet entering General Hwang's v artn' and finding exit at the back of the shoulder. Although extremely painful, the wound is not regarded as idangercus, and General Hwang wJl probably quickly recover Thomas Jones Chia is very well known in commercial ' and- social circles) in Mel bourne. At Ithe end of last September an announcement appeared in the press that ^Chîâ had severed h.s con- nection' witn^the Chinese Consulate ás Secretary, - sînçef When he has been. ", connected with the E E.A. & C. Tele- graph Company. Nothing- is known publicly as to the reasons for the Shooting. OPENING IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; March 13th. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; The Imperial Parliament was for- mally opened yesterday by H M. the King. The Speech, read by Premier 'Asquith, indicates a continuance of peace, and that no developments are in view that seem likely to affect the^ national peace or the safety of the Empire, the relations with all other Powers being of an amicable charac- ter. Following the opening ceremony a wild and sensational scene took pla^e «in the vicinity of Parliament Houses. As the Royal procession was leaving the building a crowd of suffragettes broke through the cordon of police 5n a sudden rush, and fpr a few (min- utes five pi the women regularlv bom- barded the King and Queen with vol- leys of printed manifestos sesttírfgi forth their grievances For a few minutes the scene was one of inde- scribable confusion, and was only en Hed by the arrest of several of the women ringleaders, who resisted vio- lently and were somewhat roughly handled. - _7-L.' VARIOUS. -;-. ^T'" -' March 13th. ,~? J At' an absolutely private meeting Vol tire" members of the N.S.W. Bar,-a -- resolution is' stated to have been car i\, ried unanimously setting out that in - . the opinion of those present the re- cent appointments of High Court Judges is not the brst that could have been made. ¡ This morning's cables state that the .Prince of Wales has been spend- ing a considerable portion of his vacation at the German Court as the Kaiser's guest. A NATIONAL CHRISTENING. &nbsp; &nbsp; March 14th. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; On Wednesday the ceremony of christening the new Federal Capital &nbsp; site was officially carried out with a &nbsp; great deal of eclat, there being a great gathering' ofv invited guests pre- sent" from far and near. The cere- mony of naming the new city was performed by Lady Denman, and the official name chosen is "Canberra " The proceedings were divided into .. three main parts-the first being the laying of the foundation stones for commencing the column, the next phase the christening ceremony, and - ' following that the banquet, with several, orations more or less bril-, ¿liant. ( .* .> . - . One of the foundation, stones was laid by the Governor-General, who was presented with a valuable mem- orial trowel as a memento of the historical, occasion; the second stone ?* was laid by the Federal Pilme Min- ister; and the third-by,the Minister "for Home Affairs ( O 'Malley). In the course of an eloquent speech delivered at the subsequent banquet King O'Malley surpassed himself m the delivery of some flowery and grandiloquent periods. He lefcrred to the dense forests of scrub now covering great part of the Fedt-ral territory annually being cleared bv the strong aid of intelligent indus- try; of the dwellers along the mighty Murray and the Murrumbidgee wh-> were gradually becoming neighbours and co-prodûcers with those «hose smiling homes were located on the far-off downs of Queensland, on the plains of Western Australia, among the charming hills of Tasmania, on the new" and fertile lands of the Northern Territory and Papua, elcet-^ era, etcetera. ROWDY ELECTION MEETINC. ^ March 14th. A very rowdy election meeting took place at Subiaco last night, when Rep. Fowler took the opportunity of replying to Senator de Largie's re- cent cnallengc that he would not dare to îepeat outside the charges recently made by him in Parliament in connec- tion with the Chinn affair. Fowler, who- had the opportunity of seeing1 copies of several of the Chinn tes- timonials, said: Of those testimonials I have criticised all contain untruth- ful misleading statements. The originals of many of these testimon- ials are not and never were in ex- istence. I am making myself re- sponsible for everything I say I repeat here and now that Chinñ is a worthless scoundrel and imposter, and, so far as the Federal Government is concerned, it has been guilty 01 a most disgraceful piece of jobbery." VARIOUS. March 14th. All the suffragettes who were ar- rested in connection with the "hold- ing up" of the Royal procession after the opening M Parliament have been sent to gaol.* In connection with the "labour heresy hunt" recently instituted on a motion of the Political Labour League, that League has now carried resolutions in favour of Carmicnacl and otner members accused of luke warmness. All the accused have thus been discharged. (?) All the legal fraternity in New South Wales ate apparently agreed to refrain from offering the usual congratulations when Messrs Powers and Piddington take their seats as Judges of the High Court GREAT GALE AND SINISTER WARNINGS. March 14th. The most disastrous gale ever ex- perienced in South Australia occurred on Wednesday night, thus fulfilling remarkably^ the prediction uttered by Clement Wragge in his lecture the previous Saturday re the approach of the cyclonic disturbance name:* "Pluto " &nbsp; The highest tides ever known were experienced at Glenelg and Henley Beach. Two yachts were driven ashore and completely broken ,up at Glenelg. The schooner Black Alba- tross, of 80 tons, was wrecked at Port Victoria. The French barque General de Souis was also driven ashore a tthe same place. A terrific sea raged in the Gulf. Clement Wragge now states that meteorologically matters are decidedly suspicious off the N W. coast of Aus- tralia, and that northward from Shark Bay will shortly be within the influ- ence of an ugly looking monsoonal disturbance, which he has named "Dimon." The shipping in all those regions is hereby warned accordingly. He believes that "Dimon" will pro- bably overlap a considerable portion of the Northern Territory and cause deluges of rain between Cossack, Dar- win, and extending perhaps as far as Barrow's Creek Severe local "willy willies" will probably be ex- perienced as the result of this dist- urbance at all these places. BALKANS WAR. March 15th. This morning's cables state th-it after some severe lighting the plight of Tuikey is now so desperate that, she has been compelled to the humili- ation of again seeking intervention. A suggestion from Turkey that the Great Powers be called upon to medi- ate has been accepted by the allied States on condition that Adrianople is immediately surrendered; that Scutari and the captured islands in the Aegean Sea be also given up; and that Tuikey finds guarantees for the payment of a substantial war indemnity. It is expected that the Bulgarian troops will march into Adrianople immediately, and that the Monte- negrins will do likewise at Scutari, the absolute preliminaiy to any re- newal of peace negotiations. THE SUFFRAGETTES. March 15th. Numbers of suffragettes have bean noticed parading the banks of the River Thames daily during the pracr tice of the 'Varsity teams for the forthcoming Oxford-Cambridge boat race. It is surmised that some fresh outiage 4s being contémplate-I Boat- men in charge of the sheds have consequently been instructed to deal surrmarily with any feminine tres- passers. ^ They have been insttucted to throw any ' suffragette intruders into the river, and incidentally to s-e&lt;» that they get a thorough fright and ducking before being hauled out again, should there be any attempt on their part to interfere with the racing craft undei their_care. mama, leaving Dr, Mawson and the six men named to spend anot-Ler year among the ice It was considered dangerous to linger longer in any - further attempt to take ti «em off. IMPERIAL NAVY. March I7th. The naval estimates for the fiscal year as piepared by the First Lord of the Admiralty, show a proposed expenditure of £46,309.300. The programme of new constructions to be undertaken during the year in- clude five great battleships, eigit light cruisers, and 16 destroyers and a number of submarines of the latent type, the total amount to be expen- ded in this construction being ,£15, -95S.5?5- It is estimated that the number of officers and men in the Imperial Navy by the end of March, 1914, will be 146,000. THE CLASSIC BOAT RACE. March 17th. Oxford has won the annual boat race, beating the Cambridge crew after what is described as the most des- perate and memorable struggle on record. The race was witnessed by large crowds, and towards conclusion of ,race the excitement was intense. RAILWAY FATALITY March 17th, A train crashed into the rear of a dray yesterday just as it was cross?-; ing the railway line near Melbourne.-* The diay was crowded with'picnics*«-.* James Neill Allison, a married man, was cut to pieces, his head and other parts of his body only being found this "morning In his panic he jumped right beneath the engine of the on- coming train. Another man was seri- ously injured; whilst 20 others had a miraculous escape, * VARIOUS. March 17th. Miss Kure, a young girl from Vic- toria, has just died in the Adelaide Hospital, whither she had been taken suffering from the effects'- of an al- leged illegal operation performed by A woman at Goodwood. This woman has been arrested. The dea\h is announced of Alex- ander Clark, a prominent officiât* in the Adelaide Education Department Prof. David warmly upholds tl.e action of Capt. Davis, the master of the Aurora, in leaving Mawson behind and devoting his energies to rescuc ing Wild's party. Speaking of the results of the Antarctic Expedition to date, he says they will be con- sidered most brilliant throughout the scientific world, especially in the col- lection of highly valuable meteoro- logical data- The Aurora will return to the Antarctic for Dr. Mawson and his companions as. soon as the summer conditions render it passible. Dr. Bevan has returned to Adel- aide. ' 4 A strong committee, representative o£ Adelaide citizens, has just been appointed to fight the referenda pro- posals'" during the. pending election. The " Glasgow Hervid publishes a sensational telegram from its Cairo correspondent to the effect that the Khedive's consort (an Austrian prin- cess) has mysteriously disappeared The Rt. Hon. Joseph Chamber- lain has presented to the Tariff Re- form League the sum of £5714 lately presented to him as a birthday gift by some of his admirers. The British Army estimate? for 1913-14 £ mount to £28,220,000 Will Thorne, M P.. has declined to attend at Stiatford, in his con- stituency, on the occasion of a State visit to that place by their Majesties the King and Queen, giving as his reason that the royal visit was not likely to mitigate the chronic pov- erty in his borough, and therefore did not interest him. Roy Taylor has won the S A. Ten» nis Championship, beating aU the Vic- torian and S A. competitors. ACQUITTED. March 15th. The last stage has been reached in \he protracted trial of Capt John Jones, matter of the ship Dimsdale, upon a charge of manslaughter arising out of that vessel's collision with and destruction of the Wonga Shoal Lighthouse on November 17 H=>t, when two keepers lost their lives. The case was concluded at the Sú- pleme Court on Thursday, after a long and patient hearing before the Chief Justice and Jury. After an hour's retirement the Jury returned a verdict of not guilty. VARIOUS. March 15 V It' has been decided by the Federal High Court, consisting of Chief Jus- tice Barton, Isaacs, and Duffy, that payments in respect of the Common- wealth land tax fcnay be deducted from taxable income in calculating tnc Slate income tax, A warrant has been issued for the arrest of Charles Heath, a shipping clerk m the employ of Permcwan Wright and Co,, carriers, of Me bouii-e It is alleged that for some time past Heath has been carrying out an ingenious and no\el jnrthod of defrauding the Customs which is stated to have yielded him over tvvo thousand pounds The fraud was only discovered by accident ANTARCTIC EXPLORATION. March 17th. The . Antarctic exploring ship Aurora arrived at Esperance Bay on Friday tnoining^and landed the mem- bers of the Mawson exploring e«. ptdition. The Secretary, Mr. Conrad Eitel, has supplied the press with a lon^ account of the Aurora's \ova~e *o the Antarctic In this it is explained ho« Dr Mawson not appearing at the Winter Hut on the dite appointed, it was decided that whilst the aurora proceeded to another rendezvous io pick up Wild and his party, six: men, j well supplied with provision?, should be left behind to institute a search for Dr. Mawson and his companions. Thfa party comprised Cecil Madigan, a South Australian Rhodes schol ir, who was appointed the leader, his comrades being R Bage, ^of Mel- bourne, A N. H. Bickerton, of Lon- don; Hodgeman, of Adelaide; Mc- Lean, of Sydney; and S. Jeffries, the wireless operator. The Aurora steamed out of Com- monwealth Bay on the 8 h February. When eight hours out the Captain received a "wireless message reading as fellows: "Have returned to main base safely. Ninniss and" Mert2 are dead Return and. pick up shore paity immediately " This message was signed by "MaWson." The ac- count gees on to say: "The action of Mawson in recalling the ship when he and the shore party were in complete safety, thus en- dangering the lives of all on the ship as well as the lives of Wild and his party will probably be criticised But Mawson has ever proved himself such a thoughtful leader that it may with confidence be anticipated that he will be able to supply a satisfactory explanation of the reasons for this action." In obedience to the message Capt. Davis eudeavoured to return, but ow- ing to 'the setting in of- a furious^ hurricane he found it impossible to .effect a landing, and it was deciùed that Mawson and the party of six men must be left ' behind, as it was feared that Wild and his party might all perish if there was any more de- lay. Eventually, however, W Id and his party were safelv taken off. and the Aurora made a' course for Tas 