 ,A NOVEL EXPEBIENCE.1 WATERPROOFS AND UM- BRELLAS NECESSARY A GEXEEAL BAIX. FURTHER DEPRESSION COMLNG UP. For several weeks the sky baa re- peatedly been hidden by thick ram laden clouds, which threatened to burst over all parts of the State, but until Tuesday evening the people had not had occasion to resort to waterproofs and umbrellas for protection, although what is usually one of the wettest months of the year had half gone. Only bght showers fell on Tuesday night, and on Wednesday showers were experienced at intervals, and the fails though light were of a soaking descrip- tion, so that both umbrellas and rain cloaks were called into service. ín the evening the downpours were light and intermittent, and every drop that fell soon disappeared in the thirsty soil. The Government Meteorologist 'repor- ted on Wednesday morning:-"Kain, has fallen generally over the agri- cultural areas, due to the An- tarctic disturbance which yesterday covered elie State. The falls, however, with the exception of the Mount Lofty Ranges and parts of the south coast, have been only light in character, and in most places the quantity received was less than a quarcer of an inch. Over the upper northern areas the heaviest were "22 points at Wilmington and 19 points at Quorn. Elsewhere the average was about 10 points. In the lower north some of the falls were slightly heavier, and exceeded a quarter of an inch, Snowtown, with 34 points, having had the maximum. Other useful totals were 31 points at Bute, 29 at Cryecal Brook. 28 at Redhill, and 25 at Narridy and Watervale. On Yorke Peninsula also a few Btations registered about a quarter of an inch. The highest gauging was 31 points at Green's PJains. and Stansbury had 30 points. Port Lin- coln and White Well on the west coast, received 26 and 24 points respectively, but otherwise the precipitation was only light. On the Adelaide Plains and in the county of Light no places recorded, as much as ,2A po'ints. Mallala and Hamley Bridge, with 22 points, were tue most favored. Over the Mount Lofty Ranges the rain was patchy, but some moderately heavy falls, exceeding 75 points, were gauged. The highest were at 'Woodside and Hahn- dorf, which obtained 91 points each. Meadows registered 83 points. On the Murray Flats and along the Murray Val- ley only a few scattered showers were ex- perienced. In the soutn-eastern areas aleo the precipitation was only light. Lameroo and Cape Northumberland^ with 30 poincc, and Narracoorte» with 29 point-«, were the only towns which gauged more than a quarter of an inch." The disturbance is still noted this morning to the south of Cape Northum- berland, and further showers are likely during the next 24 hours, chiefly confined to the southern and south-eastern dis- trict. High-pressure conditions are ap- proaching the northern parts o? the State, and the weather there will soon be- come fine. But another low-pressure wave is noted south of 'Western Austra- lia, and should bring more unsettled weather over South, Australia- in a few dayl." ' The 9 P-ui. report stated:-"Except on the far West Coast, wljere it was clear, skies were more or less cloudy fo-day, and over the central and southern districts more showers fell. Between 8.30 a.m. arid 3 p.m. Mount Gambier .received another 30 points.^ Stirling West 25 points. Cape Northumberland 15 points, and Clare 1 point. In the city several showers fell in the afternoon, and up till ,9 p.m. an additional 7 pc¿ntsi were registered. The barometers have risen "everywhere in South Australia, showing* that the,-¡aati-cyclone noted on r the chart, centred to the north of'the Bight is advaifirâng eastward- Under1 its influence the weather may be expected to become"fine, but not for long,~as another' rain disturbance is approaching"'the, south- west corner of the continent, and should in the course of a few days bring more un- settled weather and rain in this_ State." A GOOD WORD FOR LISBETH. Lost night Mr. dement Wragge stated: -"The Antarctic - disturbance, ' Lisbeth, non»* "iretehes continuously fronv the South Indian Ocean,_ across the Soutàiern, Ocean, right' to Tasmania, *and the low-pressure wives off Albanv merely constitute her western side. Lisbeth wfll continue t» in- fluence South Australia for at least two days, and will doubtless caifce more inter- mittent rain over the agricultural areas. We are not saying that the falls will be heavy, but sufficient to cause a temporary or îutPTvening break in the 'drought.' Thst the rain -will produce incalculable good everyone "wdll admit,, and to com- memorate .this blessing farmers might christen their unbaptised daughters by the name Lisbeth. It is soft and eupho- nious,' and will cling to -the tongue like thç"sive&lt;*test nrotar. Aá'-already" advised, the "eastern States -vviH get" her too." 