 ME. CLEMENT WKAGGE'S PLEA FOE JUSTICE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE AGE Sir,— With much surprise I read a para graph in a city paper of 17th inst. stating that Senator Maughan had re quested in the Senate that a more effi cient system of weather warning stations should be established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast. I would ask what has happened to the chain of observ- ing stations that I personally equipped with the best instruments that London can produce, when in charge of the Queensland meteorological service? And I was the more surprised on read ing that Mr Hunt has completed arrange ments that will make Brisbane an up to date meteorological station, equipped with instruments specially made to suit the northern climate. Surely there is such a thing as justice in Australia, and in that sacred cause pray allow me to speak. For sixteen years I was' head of the Queens land weather service, and during that tinie I established there (as Sir. Robert Philp, a former Premier, fully admitted) a "meteorological and .weather warning sys tem second to none in. the world." The Brisbane station was first class in every respect when I had charge. Has all my most arduous work, faithfully done to the last item, gone for nothing under the new regime? Storms were warned and forecasts issued by me that were verified to 95 per cent of accuracy, and not only was this done for Queensland, but for every part of Australasia, as people will remember, and all this on an annual vote of £1500, as against the £22,000 (I believe) now expended by the Federal Weather Bureau. Great goodness, what do they do with the money? Mr. Hunt talks of instruments specially suited for the northern climate. This is mere moon shine. . Standard instruments, such as I employed and personally fixed in position over the whole of Queensland, including Cape York Peninsula and the far west, are available all the world over, and the sooner the Minister in charge realises this and asks a few questions the better it will for a long-suffering public and ship ping. Let justice be done, though the heavens fall. — Yours. &c.. CLEMENT L WRAGGE, FRGS, F R Met Soc etc, late Government Me teorologist of Queensland. 22nd September. 