 'Correspondence. WEATHER WARNING STATIONS. (To the Editor.) Sir,— A paragraph appeared In a Melbourne paper of the 17lh Inst, which stated that Senntor Maughan had requested in the Senate that 'a more efficient system of weather warning stations should *be estab lished in the cyclonic areas along the I Queensland coast. In this connection I would ask: What' has happened to the most complete chains of observing stations that I persinally established there, and equipped with the best in- struments that London can produce, when I was In charge of the Queens land Meteorological service? I read further that Mr Hunt has completed arrangement! that will make Brisbane an up-to-date meteorological station equipped with Instruments specially made to suit the Northern climate.' Surely there is such a thiong as justice in Australia, and In that sacred cause pray allow me to speak. Has the best of my life's work gone for nothing? For 16 years I was head of the Queens land Meteorological Department, and during that time I established, as the Hon. Robert Philp freely admitted, 'a meteorological and weather warning system second to none In the world.' The Brisbane station was first-class in every respect when I had charge, and in ignoring this a cruel wrong has been done to me. Is all my work In Queensland — faithfully done to the last Item — to be thus negatived and not a word of credit accorded? Storms were warned and forecasts issued by me that were verified to 95 per cent. In accuracy and r.ot only wan thin done for Queensland, but for every part of Australasia as the people will remember. And all this on an annual vote of £1500 as against £22,000, I be lieve, now expended by the Federal Weather Bureau. Great Goodness! what do they do with the money? The Koombana went down and so did the Yongala without. It appears, a word of warning by tbe Commonwealth Me teorologist, who, a few days ago, per formed grotesque experiments In Melbourne showing how the latter steamer foundered. Mr Hunt talks of Instruments specially suited to the northern climate. This is mere moon shine. Standard Instruments such as I employed and personally fixed In position over the whole of Queensland, Including Cape Cork Peninsula and the far west, are available all the world over and the sooner the Minis ter In charge realises this and asks a few questions the better It will be for a long-suffering public and ship- ping. Let justice be done, though the heavens fall. I guarantee that If I were resident at either Rockhampton, Mac kay, Bowen, Townsville, or Cairns during the hurricane season with my own private Instruments — not a storm should slip through my finger, with out most ample warning being given and I am very decidedly of opinion that In existing circumstances a special Weather Bureau should be estab lished in North Queensland, say at Townsville or Cairns, entirely lndepen- dent of Commonwealth control, and the sooner It is done the better Surely Queensland will listen to my vpoice! — Yours, etc., CLEMENT WRAGGE, F.B.Q.S. F. R.Met. So., etc. Late Government Meteorologist of Queensland), Federal Palace Hotel, Melbourne Sep enber 24. [Unquestionably tho weather war- ings are not as satisfactory as they were 15 years ago, largely because the control of both services has been trans ferred to the Commonwealth. In State days all North Queensland ralnfalls were displayed dally at the telegraphic offices at the various ports, and such Inland centres as Charters Towers, Ravenswood, Hughenden, Winton, Cloncurry, etc. Now all rainfalls have to be sent to Brisbane, and are not wired north except at press rates. In the cyclonic season the telegraph ofllclals, who are observers, communicate with Brisbane only, and as the telegraph lines are then generally mixed up, delay In the warnings Is caused. Red tape largely smothers the undoubted value of the weather observations. Sometimes a. night forecast is issued from Brisbane for the next day in urgent cases. What is wanted is that weather observers between Mackay and Cooktown should be urged to communicate direct with telegraphic and newspaper offices on the North east coast when suspicious or ominous indications are noted. The information would get prompt publicity even if it did dodge Brisbane tape and sealing wax. Public anxiety Is so great up north during weather disturbances that newspapers are only too keen to make the Information public by means of extras and otherwise. In our opin ion the weather observations are satis factory, but the means for publicity are defective. It is only fair, however, to the Meteorological Department to men tion, that the Yongala had barely cleared Flat Top when telegraphic ad vice was received at Mackay of the big disturbance northwards. Last year to, in the Cairns cyclone the shipping was fully warned by the department of the danger of going out to sea — Ed, T.D.B] 