 giinna K $0allar8of?imts KADINA, WEDNESDAY, APB1L 23. AN EGYPTIAN ENTEETAINEK.-Zingara, the great Egyptian entertainer, arrives here on Monday, April 28th, and opens for one night at the Town Hall. Ac cording to the press reports of the other States, local residents shonld witness something out of the ordinary in liis power to hynotige and mesmerise. We are assured that hia name is sufficient to cause you to laugh af.er you have seen him, as he is reported to hare even made the Sphinx laugh Besides Zingara there are several variety turns included in the programme. A WEATHEB FOBECAST.-" Albert Neil," Bruce, gives the following forecast for the 1913 season in the "Byre's Peninsula Tribune":-"We shall have one of the wettest Aprils for six years. People living in low-lying country are warned of flood waters. Before April 18 'we may expect useful general rains throughout the State, and extremely heavy rains in places. The raius will be caused through a coalesoence of moonsonal and sub-tropical depressions, beginning with gusty nortb-eaetily winds, veering to north-west, and later to south west with rougn seas. There will be some severe thunderstorms. For May we can anticipate further useful falls. June will have about the average rainfall, with some severe frosts. July tains will be more coastal, with some severe frosts to follow, and August useful rains, probably heavy after the middle of the month. September Hardly up to the average rainfall, cyclonic vinde between changcs. October-Steady, useful, and probably fairly general rains, aud before the middle of tbe month. November-Some heavy partial thunder storms. December- Heavy rains, and. probably before Christmas. So tbe result of the season of 1913, Irotn a farmer's point of view, will be somewhat similar to the season 1912, although tome of tbe northern areas that were unfortunate last season may be more 'ntky thie time. The squatter will have an extremily good season. OTHER WORLDS THAN OCRS CLEMJBNT WRAGGE'S splendid Tiews of the heavenly bodies. lfoth:ng like them screened before. See advt. SHEEP WASTED.-Elder, Smith & Co. announce io our columns that they have buyers lor tat sheep, score wetbers, lambs, ewes and heggetto. Selli_rs are advised to communicate as early as possible with the Wallaroo branch. A CHAMPION BANNER-MI G R Haddy, an old schtlar of tb> K &lt;diua Public School, has presented to tiie school a handsome banner, which is to be competed for every week by each data t»r the.greatest number of marks obtained iu ail tubjeeis, including regularity of attendance and good conduct, The banner which for the ditt week was won by the first, c'.az?, is at present on view in the fiftL diss schoolroom, this class havinp secured the ri*ht to hold it this week. Thebiuneris of royal blue trimmed with gold !i ir^e, tattt's aud silk cord, and a polished staff, has inscribed upon it in gold letters, "We are the champion class this week." The actton of Mr Haddy in pre senting tlii banner to tiie fcchoul, is one that is much appreciated by tbe head teach er (Mi J- is. Uu.U), L:a staff ol teachers and the scholars. Mr R. Gilholmc has also pre sented to'the tchool a drum-major's staff for the drum and Gta baud. CLEMENT WRAGGE'S famous lectures lift people to the grandest concep tions of tiie eternal." See adrt. 