 TH E P O ST .WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1913. ANOTHER WARNING. The cyclone season is making its ' approach, and another tropi- cal disturbance is announced as having formed to the north, and now travelling south. Year after year these convulsions of nature have manifested themselves, on many occasions with disastrous effect, and unfortunately at .times have -come upon the community -without any warnincr. , So serious is this subject that when the Commonwealth Meteorologist (Mr. Hunt^ visited-Cairns some months, ago, a deputation from the Chamber of Commerce, con- sisting of prominent commercial and shipping "men, waited upon him to urge the establishment of a meteorological station in North Queensland, so that storm warn- ings would be received with grea- ser expeá|tioj^an'd^ itv at íárgé ¿venvreasbnable no- tice o£ the approach of tropical . disturbances. -, it will be ' remem "bered that Mr. Hunt, at that in- terview, dealt" with the subject . from many points of . view, but was not apparen'tlv seized with the grim importance of the . fact .that through these cyclones.more men had been drowned between Thursday Island and Townsville to the square mile than . along any. other, portion of the vast coastline of Australia.. His .re-? Tnarfein^general Mt the députa-:^ tion little to be grateful for, and he blanMv refused to establish à meteorological station at Cairns or any other port in the Far North. Since .then more - than one ship-master, trading to Nor- thern waters- has tak"-i th's mat- ter up stro^ely. and the Towns and Cairns Chambers of Commerce are still activelv agit- ating for some better means of storm warnings. In a letter to [ ¡ ther Press, Captin -levine; who j went through" the? memorable- cy- clone off Cairns ^ Jannairy;::last, said : "The Australian shio mas-' ters are np moreTänxious-?£o meet hurricanes 'thánfihe rietîorôlog ist, and they would like£to keep from them 'asifaf ' away as he does but unfprtuäa|e|y? they- cannot, and that as.jus't^.exactly'why the Cairns Chambéï^pf Commerce as- ked him for ablation in the cy- clone-belt. ' ;They did not ask him ".to\ transfer tie station from i Brisbane, \ 'as he informed the j Press they had done. They ask- ed on behalf of the seamen,' the : travelling public, the North! Queensland people, and Austral- j ians at large, that a competent ! meteorologist be sent to the ¡ cyclone, belt to study these hur-¡ i ricanes." When" "discussing the ; i- matter^with.JûiMË^ùnto^Ma^Cj of,J3oñ^ércÍ!_JHr_IHnnt -said 3»«t '" if a meteorological station weTc" established at Cairns, . and tele- graphic commûfticâtion. were cut' , off, the place would be ineffective He also mentioned that wir±iess [ would plav an important part in storm warnings in future. Out of Mr. Hunt's own words there, iris I es one solution of the dttfriilty. ' Granted' that . telegraphic :. lines . are down in á hopeless ^tangle :-îl over the country, and communi- cation with the North shut off, whv not establish, a , northern meteorological station with a wireless, equipment ? Thursday Island has a wireless station, so has Cooktown. Lei the same be established by the Federal Gov- ernment at Townsville and Cairns and there will be ample warning çiven of the approach' of 'storms. Regarding the present disturb- ance which has manifested itself over the Gulf of Carpentaria the Meteorological Department has with promptitude, forwarded ur fent warnings to Northern cen- tres, but Mr. Hunt and his officers have only to:thank the telegraph service for that: Once the lines; aije down,' the Meteorological; Def partment in Brisbané and .; Mel- bourne: will be impotent? f tb promptly advise Northern resid ents of the approach of danger. The situation demands a. North- ern meteorological station, fully equipped and in charge of an; 'ex- pert. In the words of Captain . Irvine, "There is hardly à family In North Queensland that has not ^en^ts-share^^ of 'thé 'cvclöne at sea \or öri-^.^tl. If .blood Is. the'; price lof rth'eïmetri eorological í stationl then we haye,, bought, it, fairly:''' "in cpndusion, setting- aside for the "moment- the* question .of , communication -. by land lilies, or by wireless,- ' there marks of that" renowned meteoro- logical :' adviser, -^Mf.. " Clement Wragge," are worth'" noting-: p'^l guarantee that if I were resident' either at Cairns, Townsville; Bowen, Mackayj_.of.'-Rp^h?.niptóa durrri^he^íító my- own'.* - private .. instruments . not a ; stp'rm'"should slip through mv fingers without "most - ample warning beinj given. I am very ! decidedly ; of opinion ;that ' in ' ex- isting-- i circumstances; - a . special weather bureau should be estab- lished -in North Queensland, '.say at Cairns or Townsville, entirely independent of Commonwealth control, and the sooner it is done the better.: Surely Queensland will listen to my voice ! " ; . ' 