 QUEENSLAND WEATHER STATIONS. Mr. Wragge's Work. To the Editor.—Sir,—A* paragraph ap peared in a Melbourne paper of the 17th instant, which stated that Senator MaugJian had requested in the Senate that "a, more efficient system of weather warning stations should be established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast." In this connection I would as!" what has happened to the most complete chains ol observing stations, that I per sonally established there, and equipped with "the best instruments tiiat London can produce, when I was in charge ol the Queensland meteorological service ? I read further that Mr. Hunt lias "com pleted arrangements thai will make Bris bane an up-to-date meteorological sta tion, equipped with instruments specially made to suit the northern climate. Surely there is such a thing as justice in Aus tralia, and that sacred cause may | allow me to speak. Has the best ot my i life's work gone for nothing ? For 1G ! years I was head of the Queensland ; Meteorological Department, and during that time. I established as was admitted, 1 " a meteorological and weather warn- | ing system, second to none in the1 world." The Brisbane station was first class in. every respect, when I had charge, and in ignoring this, a cruel wrong has been done to nic. Is all mv work, 'faith fully done, to the last item uuder most trying circumstances, to be thus nega tived, and not a word of credit accorded in my declining years ? Storms were warned, and forecasts issued by me that were verified at 0U per cent in accuracy, and not only was this done, for Queensland, but for every part of Austral3sia, as the people will remem ber. And nil this 0n an annual vote of £1,500, as against £23,000 (I bcliere), now expended by the federal weather bureau. What do they do with the money ? The Koombana went down, and so did the Yonrala, without* a word of warning by the Commonwealth meteorologist, who a few days ago performed cruelly gro tesque experiments in Melbourne, showing how the latter steamer foundered. Hunt talks ot instruments specially suited, to the northern climate. This is mere moonshine. Standard instruments such as I employed and pcrsonallv fixed in posi tion over the whole oi Queensland, includ ing Cape York" Peninsula, and the far west, are available all the world over, and the sooner the Minister in diargc realises this, and asks a few questions, the heller it will be for -a long .suffer ing public and shipping. Let justice he done, though the heavens fall. Surely Queensland, to which I dc |-votc&lt;l the best years-ot my life, I listen to mv voice. CLEMENT WRAGGK. K.H.G.S.. F.K-, Met,. Soc., &c., ; {Lite Government Meteorologist- of j • Queensland. September 2itb, 1913. 