 MERRY, APRIL Mr. Wragge's Latest Brand3. Mr. dement Wragge had a spare even ing at Petersburg on April 1, and he sac down and wrote a 'special edvice and orecast.' At the time le was in the quiet of his bedroom, 'surrounded by a cy clone of papers, instruments, and litera ture, scattered all over the floor.' He determined to utilize the leisure by having a genera] look round upoa the impending weather conditions of Australasia. 'Im primis, the great antarctic disturbance named Ulysses, is about £00 miles south west from Albany. That he looks vicious ia to put it mildly. Within the 'time as signed in our forecast, published on March 27, he will influence the area of the Great. Bight, and sweep thereafter in majesty to wards the eastern States. His eastern umora is, nowgver, running a flay late, having been blocked by the western isobars of the high pressures, which acted much as the cushion of a, billiard table repela the ball. 'Ulysses' will mainly operate 'between the parallels of 37 and. 50 deg., 'but his eastern and northern edges will cause warmer weather in South Australia under winds from between - north-east,/ north, north-west, and west, with . occasional naaty local blows and foxy dust-spinnies, by which hats will go flying to leewara and opportunities occur for snapshots in the streets. These conditions will also affect Victoria, Tasmania, and southern New South Wales in turn as the disturb ance passes eastwards, and thereafter the winds will shift to south-west and south, followed in course generally by more bleak weather and rain vas the barometers begin to rise again. Sydney, and the region thence to Gabo, Hobart, and Melbourne will get another good doing before 12 days from date have elapsed, and thus ample warning is given to pasengera and ship ping. 'Ulysses' will reach New Zealand before April 15, and he ^3 expected to renew the floods on the South Island and elsewhere. Thua the Dominion is ?warned. The western half of 'Agamem non1 caused the recent deluge south from Dunedin, and the bad weather in Cook's Straits, and even yet this lastnamed dis turbance has not ceased to influence Maoriland. 'Surveying now the far north-west, the monsoon named 'Anan' . (having already caused heavy. rain and a lot of bother north from Geraldton) is still much in evi dence. Local 'willy-willies' are yet b'kely umjer his ' sway, and shipping in those parts cannot be too careful. 'Later on ?Anan' will push his way inland, and cause a renewal of muggy swelter, especially in the northern parts of South Australia, with probable electric etorms. Queensland will enjoy charming weather, and we see nothing ot present to threaten that State. 'One last dance at 'Ulysses,' because we are* immediately concerned in his advent. Remember, good people, he is coming, and; is bound to affect you more or less. Not only so. He will probably be followed by a Kitefljte, or loop, named 'Sinon,' after the perjurer of the Trojan war, with a lot of coastal rain. 'So April will witness a merry time, and those in harmony with Nature. will relish it like a mollyhawk enjoying titbits from the pantry. Pax vobispum! Let readers study Virgil and the Liad of Homer.' -Official Report.— At 9 p.m. on Wednesday the Weather Bureau reported: — The weather was again fine and cool throughout South Australia on Wednesday.) In the city the temperature was 67.1. No rain fell in South Australia or the Northern Territory. However, light and heavy rain was recorded over .the north west of Western Australia and the nor thern! goldfields of that State. In Queens land Mattered showers fell alorrn the coast and downs, and along the New South Wales coast and Blue Mountains there were some heavy gaugings. Bateman's Bay had 353, and Sydney 1.04. A large anti cyclone covers practically the whole of. Australia. The centre is over the Great Bight.'' Prospects point to continued fine weather in South Australia. 