 A GOOD GENERAL RAIN. AGRICULTURAL AREAS BENEFITED. Whether as "Lisbeth," to quote Mr. Cle- ment Wragge, or merely as a "depression," using the language adopted by the Com- monwealth weather officials, the steady rain that fell on Friday night over the agricul- tural areas of South Australia will be re- ? .nembered as the turn in the tide of this . State's agricultural outlook, which has been anything but promising for some months past. The fall, generally speaking, was light in character, but following the ebowere earlier in the week, it will be suf- ficient to give the grain a fair start, and should further winter rains be experiericed, the agricultural position should be re- covered to some extent. Reports from various country centres are now of a more encouraging nature, and as the long spell of dry weather has at last broken, it is hoped more rain will be experienced a* an early date. Nearly all stations had half an inch The weather office report on Saturday .wa« as follow«:-"Cold, fresh weather is general throughout the State this morning, and over parts of the southern districts light showers oc- curred. The rainfall reported at 8 o'clock was/on the whole, of a very useful charac- ter. _ Falls were' recorded at practically all stations south of Blinman, varying from a few points at some upper northern places to l18 at Mount Pleasant. On Yorke Peninsula the best rain was at Stansbury, where 60 points were registered. At Moonta the gauge showed 50 pointe. In the Pinnaroo country the falls Varied from 25 points to about 40 points, while in the middle north the average was upwards of 30 points. At Millicent 60 points, and at Mount¿. Gam- bier l8 points were recorded. Barometern are now rapidly rising under the approach of a large high-pressure system, which wa* yesterday shown pushing in over the wes- tern State." . -Further light showers were recorded over 'the greater part . of the central and southern parts of the State on Saturday, annny .stations reporting from 2 «io r7 point« up to 3 p.m., and light scattered showers fell over the southern districts on Sunday morning, but finer conditions ex- tended from the west and north quickly, and the greater part of the day on Sunday was fine and fresh. To the westward, iver. Western Australia, a large anti-cyclone prevails, and this system has made good progress eastwards, the barometer at Ade- laide having risen from 29.58 in. on Friday afternoon to, 30.45 in. on Sunday after- noon, or nearly nine-tenths ' of an inch. This Is rather unusual. . The Government I Meteorologist says that 'anti-cyclonic con- ditions .are liKely to prevail during tne next few days, with probably a misty shower or two, and a return to frosty weather 'shortly. ?»*'-, - . "^REPORTS FROM THE . -\ COTJiNTRY. ,i. * ' . ' y» ^BEST RAIN THIS YEAR. . .1 . Laura, July 10. . A. splendid downpour set in last night, j and .continued this morning, over half an ¡rich', having fallen, with every prospect of more.'.. This is the best rain we have had .for'jthe year, and folio-wing on tbo nice rain of last Wednesday, should give every- thing a good start. Wheat is coming np on most farms, and there will not be so much need for resowing as was at first .wnticinated. , > ' ? ' f$OW AT BELALIE NORTH. Î Belalie North, July 19. rfteady rain set in last night, with strong winds from a westerly direction, followed by a snowstorm early this morning, cover- ing the ground a couple of inches. At half past 10 snow was still lying in sheltered ppotc. > About 40 point» of rain fell. (This js the best rain in the district for this «ea- t-on. Not tinea 1886 has a winter been knptrjn-'to JjpW^V^'y^dr^'asithe'-ptreiwnt' one.- Up(till-yesterday there had not been sufficient rain to start the wheat, although. it had come np in patches without any rain since it was sown.-,. One-remarkable; '. feature is a Email paddock of about 12 acres which is well up, and stands about 6 in. high and apparently thick enough for a good crop. 'Since this crop was sown the rainfall up till to-day had not exceeded 40 pointu, and in'one fall it had not ex- ceeded l8 points. Many paddocks are* a» ba&lt;> as the day they were sown, and "thing«»/ in general until to-day looked , anything but promising. .Many far- mers were Water-carting. The frosts have killed many plante "that had not been known to-ba injured by it before. Even gum trees have been stripped of their green foliage. Frosts h^tve been " on the «round for three days before melting. Lambfl are having a bad time. Some far- mers had to destroy them in order to save the ewes. Horses arc being sent to other districts. It ia feared that^mnch of the . wheat has malted: some of it has been town for four months. * CROPS ON THE MURRAY. Kingston-on-Murrayt July l8. The much-needed rain has just set in, md looks likely for a good downpour. But . it has been» threatening so often that we mnnot be sure until we have had it. 'The crop« around here are looking wonderful considering the dry spell. Feed out back -from here is plentiful. J " - &lt;.- WATER-CARTING ATBBA. ' * Eba, 'July IB., Some rough weather was ex- perienced here last night with a few K fhowct«, but not sofficicnt to make water run into dams, most of which are dry. Water-carting is being steadily carried on; SHOWERS AT PINNAROO. Pinnaroo, July 19. V ,Good shower» fell last night. Forty-nine points were registered during the last three days. RAEN AT CUMMINS. Cnmmins. July 10. Ninety-five points of rain fell here this week. It is still showery. RAIN AND SNOW AT PETERSBURG. Petersburg, July 19. After a iew days of dusty weather heavy fain set in last night, but did not continue long. The wind was strong, and thowersifell duringthe night. This morn- ing there were further showers from thï west, followed by a good fall of snow. Alro ..jtcther 27 points of rain were registered. The agricultural prospects are brighter, though many householders have still only email supplies of rainwater. FEATHERED METEOROLOGISTS. j Huddleston, July 19. ' It is behaved that «onie birds can at ames accurately predict the advent of rain. A resident here has-on many oeea rione. predicted the coming of rain, two days ahead, by observing the actions of a locally rare specimen of the feathered tribe which twitters and dances merrily round his residence about 4S hours before rain. The resident states that the bird has never yet failed him. _ Another case of the ordinary blackbird- or shepherd's com- panion telling of oncoming showers is on record. This bird pecks at the window all day long prior to a rainfall of any note. Unfortunately, however, thw latter bird has not proved so reliable as the first, as on one occasion rain failed to come after his prediction. Twenty-three points of rain wore registered on Tuesday night, three on Wednesday night, and six on .Sunday night. This ehould bring up'all fhe later sown wheat. Last season, with less than normal rainfall, the country round here returned au average of 19 bushels per acre, whilst during the exceîsiTely wet 6eaion.« the average was only about 13 bushels. EARLY-SOWN CROPS PROMISING. Wallaroo, July 19. .Acceptable rains have again fallen and will, dw sreat good to the wheat and bring on the feed, which is short. Tne early-sown crops in sandy land« are mon promising. TRURO. July 20.-Heavy showers of rain fell here yesterday and again last night. Eighty-one points were registered. The drought is broken up, and the water diihcultv in the town is ended. COLTON, July 20.-Magnificent rains fell yesterday and last ui-^ht. Shower» fell ¿gain to-iiay. 