 CURETN TOPICS. " Y~i ii $. Trackless Tram System. Alderman Williams informed the Ho- t bart City Council on *?tuesday evening t that arrangements had been made with the representative of the BMercedes-Stoll system of trackless trams for a cinema- I tograph demonstration of what the sys- t tem was. and what it did, to be given on April 2. > T'lce Referendum Pamphlet. It appears that the officials of the Liberal League in Hobart discovered that local Labour members of Parliament had in their possession copies of the officially. prepared pamphlet dealing with the pros and cons of the referendum proposals. They thereupon telegraphed as follows to the Prime Minister (Mr. Fisher):-"Sur prised copies referenda pamphlet forward. ed Labour members. When and where can we obtain them?" Pea l?ille Accident. A further addition to the list of pea rifle accidents has been reported. The i victirti was a lad named Clarence Chas. French, residing with his parents at Bridgenorth. No particulars are avail able with regard to the accident, which it is understood happened a couple of days: ago. The lad was yesterday ad mitted to the General Hospital for treat. ment, and an examination disclosed that the bullet had lodged in the left thigh. The patient's condition is'not serious. . Municipal Employees. A meeting of the Municipal IEmployees' Association was held last evening at the f/orlunen's Club to consider the letter appearing in Tuesday's "Lxaminer" over the signature of "llatepayer," in which the writer said loafing was prevalent, and complaining of the absence of cor poration supervision. luclh indignation was expressed at what the members term. cd "an extravagant and -untruthf.ul statement." 'A resolution was carried inviting the fullest enquiry, and chal lenging the writer to prove his charge. As will be seen by a letter in the coire spondence column, "Ratepayer" with. draws the whole of his remarks. This Week's "Courier" Ready. The "Courier" was published yesterday afternoon, a day earlier than usual. Ear. lier publication was necessary in order to catch tie Easter mails, and so ensure speedy delivery. The number cmbraa.s a number of exceptionally fine scenic ph. tures, chiefly illustrating north-western localities.. The Launceston Church Grammar School sports furnisih material for several illustrations. There are pic tures illustrative of the championship races on the Tamar, a group photograph of the waterside workers' tug-of-war team,.scenes at St. Patrick's Day sports, Hobart, and at the Lindisfarne regatta. The recent train smash in High-street, Launceston, is shown. There are many other pictures, illustrating up-to-date events. 'Ahniversary Service. The Mulgrave-street Methodist Church anniversary was held on Sunday last. The services. were conducted by the Rev. A. i. Cocks and H. Wilkinson..m A most enjoyable concert was held on Tuesday evening, when Mr. G. Whitfield occupied the chair. The following supplied the programme:-Thel Misses Docking, Elmhns, and iGround, and Messrs. Barnes, Yomng, Olark, Summers, and Rose. The accom paniments were played by the Misses Newton and Docking. 3Mr. II. Purse, the treasurer. presented the balance sheet, which .showed that £43 17s had been raised towards paying off the debt, in addition to meeting the year's eur rent expenditure. A collection taken during the evening amounted to £10 ]0s 7d. In moving a vote of thanks Mr. J. Ride made special reference to the faithful and much-appreciated services given during the year by Miss hRuth SGeard as church organist and trust col 5 lector. Women's O.T.U. The monthly meeting of the Women's Christian Temperance Union was held on Tuesday afternoon in the Temperanwca Hall, the president (Mrs. Braham) occu pying the 'ihair. The meeting opened devotionally, after which some business wds transacted. The president was ask ed to give an address at the next meet. ing on the referenda, which is to be voted. The meeting closed with prayer, Wages on River Steamers. In connection with the action by 'tlh :Merclhant Service Guild of Ahstralia in the Arbitration Court to obtain hiigher, wages and better conditions for the mass ters and mates of river and coastal ves sels, the parties, who include the Tasnm.t. nian steamer proprietors, have been no tilied that. the P'resident (Mr. Justice Higgins) has fixed Saturday, 29th inst., at the Darlinghurst Courthouse, Sydney, to consult all parties concelrned as to toe position. Ulnder :the proposed award a master of a passenger vessel of 123 tons and under is to receive £23 per montl; chief officer, £1; and second ollicer, £13. The. wages for master, chief oflicer. antd second ollicer of vessels other than pas senger vessels are £22, £15, and £13 respectively. The award only applies to members of the guild. The Loongana Delayed. The defective operation of one of the Loongaua's. propellers because of the loosening of the sleeve, and the conse quent necessity, for clocking to remedy the trouble, have brought about is slight dislocation of the turbine's run ning: Under ordinary circumstances the Loongana would have yesterday after noon left Melbourne at 3 o'clock, buht oa discharge of passengers and cargo shor, ly after arrival at II a.m. she was floatedt into dock, there to have the necessary attention given to the propellers. A(. vices received by Mr. I'. Cramond, the Launceston manager of the Union Conm pany. last evening were to the eliee; that it was expected that all would I,:e in readiness to despatch the Loongaun at 10 o'clock last night. The vessel s four boilers would be requisitioned, anl it was anticipated that she would arrive here at 2 o'clock this afternoon. ii will be necessary to coal the Loonganac. here, and arrangemlellts nave been nnmad( to send her away on the return journey, at S o'clock to-night. Tile marine board Iwill undertake to assure the thoroughly, ellective lighting of the river in the way, of lamp-trinuning, and as the moon is full no ditllieulty in navigating the river is anticipated. It is an early express to Hobart this morning, and in order to meet the convenience of the Postal De partment and the incoming passengers arrangements have been made with the Railway Department to despatch a spe cial train for Hobart at 3 o'clock this afternoon. Mr. \Vragge's Warning to Shipping. Mr. Clement L. Wragge has further terrors in store for the people of South Australia when his fearsome storm "P1'l to" has passed quite away (says an Ade laide paper). " Late on Thursday night lie issued the following picturesque fore. cast of the weather for the next weerk or so:-"Tne energetic disturbanc,:e 'Pluto' will now affect the entire region between Sydney, Gabo Island, Tasmanic, and New Zealand, and Adelaide will hlav finer weather under the gradual approasa of relatively higher pressure. Yet 'Aga mInenon' is.looming up over oceanic areas south-west from the Lecuwin, and will surely affect this fair state later on, as already advised. An ugly-looking mon, soonal depression, nameds 'Dimon' is hang. ing off the north-west coast north fr'om Shark Bay, and we would earnestly c.tu. tion shipping in that locality to be on the alert. He will probably affect also the Northern Territory with rain and generally enervating conditions, and may, later send a tongue or extension into Crn. tral Australia. If 'Agamemnon' ilset 'Dimuon' ultimately coalesce, as seems nor improbable, electric disturbance is sure to result. In fact, ere a fortnight hasl elapsed we expect that, high opera will be in .progress around the sides and seg. ments of the anti-cyclonic and cyclonic systems. Some people imagine that ime. torology is a study dry as dust. It ds nothing of the sort; it is all music from bass to treble, as the winds sweep in rhytlhi round the contouring asid gra dients of the isobars. More anon." Communication with Port Davey. Senator J. H. Keating is in receipt oa a conununication froml the Postmnaste'. Ueneral's Department osn the subject of i the establisliment of telephonic conmmuni cation 'with Port Davey in connection with which representations were made by? him on behalf of the Zeehan Town Boas',l.' The intimation is conv-eyed. that an understanding was arrived at some timeo since by the Conmonweallth and Tas manians Governments by. which the former 'wouldl erect and maintaini a telepholne line between Cape sorcll and Port Davey, and the latter would, prior to the con structios of the line, cut .aud- thereafter, msintain a track along which thel tele phone line would be constructed, and iwould provide at Port Davey a depot and; caretaker, and also thle necessary atten. lion for the telephone when establishled It Iad been decided thalt the route of the line shohuld be from Cape Sorhll to Pol lard Point, Port Davey, following tihe coast; line for ithe whole distance, anrid a'iangements were made for a consulta.e tIon between the state anuthoritiea and thl electrical engineer of the Postal Depar? 'Ient in ITobart as to t.lhe exact location Sof the rotlte. In this connection the lDeputy Postmister-General, Hobart. now adIlvised as follows:-"'"lihe Minister or 'Lands dumd Works in this state was asked if anything coild be done to expedite the siattcr, and I am in receipt of hIis repyi thatI t he Government is preparing a schesme of probspetihlg and track-cut. ting thri'ougs the area south of Mae quari Has-bour towardn s Port Dave, which will probably fit in, to a certain extent, with the opening of the proposed track for the telephlone line to Port Daveyr. From recent reports from. jar. ties examining that neighlbourhood, I hIope to be in a position to advise yol further on the subject in the course of a few wgeks." For si- isfactory gifts you can't find bet ter quality, try where you will. And you can't asd lower prices anywhere for goods of the same quality. We have the finest stock of presents in Tasmania. You are cordially invited to come and Inspect them. --F. and W. Stewart, 100 Charles-stree:, Launceston. Reduction in Blcyles Prlces,--The Cash Bicycle and Supply Comsany, which open ed yesterday at 128 York-street,.under the management, of Mr P. R., Beauchamp, expected ae. good day's trade-and they got It. The public seem able to appre Sclate , straight dealing, with moderate prices. Their guns will probably be on view to-day. Tile farmers' requisites may not be available until to-morrow. See advertisement.* 