 MR. WRAGGE AND METEOR- OLOGY. TO THE EDITOR. Sir,-A paragraph, appeared in a Mol bonrne paper of the 17th instant which stated that Senator Maughan bad re- quested in the Senate that "a more effi- cient system of weaUicr-warning stations should be established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast." In this connection I would ask what has happened to the most complete chains of Observing stations that I personally established there, and equipped with the best Instruments that London could pro- duce, when I was in charge of the QueenrJand Meteorological Service ? 1 read further that Mr. Hunt has "com- pleted arrangements that will make Bris- bane an up-to-date meteorological - sta- tion, equipped with instruments special- ly made to suit the Northern .eUiinato.'' Surely there is such a thing as Justice in Australia, and in that sacred cause pray allow me to speak. Has the best of my life's work gone for nothing ? Poi 10 years I was head of the Queensland Meteorological Department, and during that time I established, as the Hon. Robt. Philp freely admitted, "a meteoro- logical and weather-warning system sec- ond to none in the world." The Brisbane station was first-class in every respect ahern I had charge, and in ignoring this I a cruel wrong has been done to me. le all my work, faithfully done to the last Item linder most trying circumstances, to be thus negatived, and not a word of credit accorded in my declining years 7 Stormn were warned nud forecaats issued by me that were veritled to 95 per cent, in accuracy, and not only was this done for Queensland, but for every part of Australasia, us the people will remem- ber. And all this, on nu annnal vote of £1500. na against £22,000 (I believe) now expended by the Federal Weather Bureau. Great goodness I What do they do with the money ? The Koombana went down, and so did the Yongala, without a word of warning by the CornmoDwealtb Meteorologist, who, a few days ago, per- formed cruelly grotesque experiments in Melbourne showing, bow the latter steamer foundered. Mr., Hunt talk» of In- struments specially suited to the North em climat«. Thia la mere moaMMnt ,j Standard instruments, such as I em- ployed, and personally fixed In position over the whole of Queensland, Including Capo York Peninsula, and tho for West, are available al! the world over, and the sooner the Minister in charge realises this and asks a few questions the better it will bo for a long-suffering public and shipping. Let justice be done though tho heavens fall. Surely Queensland*, to which I de- voted the liest years of my lile, will listen to my voice«.-I am, air, &c. CLEMENT L. WRAGGH, FJUÎ.8., F.tt. Met. Soc, &c., late Gorvernment Meteorologist of Queens- land, Melbourne, September 23. 