 The Climate and Weather of Australia. No. III. In this article—the third of the series—the writer deals with the subject of forecasting in a very comprehensive, practical way, explaining exactly how the Chief of the Weather Bureau arrives at his daily conclusions. He also deals with the causes ef cyclones and anticyclones, and their effect on local weather, and explains what different winds mean in the various quadrants into which Australia is divided. BY CLEMENT WRAGGE, F.R.G.S. THE first word in the telegram is a cypher of one syllable conveying the reading of the little thermo meter fixed to the barometer, familiarly known as the attached thermometer. Now, before anything can be done in the matter of ordinary forecasting, the reading of every official barometer throughout tbe Commonwealth must be compared with all the others side by side — the barometer at Thursday Island, in fact, with that at Hobart. As bodies expand by heat; and contract by cold, the barometer itself forms no exception, and the instrument at Thursday Island would be affected by the heat of the Tropics. The at tached thermometers give the temperatures of the very barometers themselves, and enable every one of them throughout the entire service to be reduced by a subtrac tive correction, to the standard temperature of 32deg. F. or 0 centigrade. Such reduction is the first operation. (Read ers will understand that we are instructing them in the art of weather forecasting, and showing them step by step how the operations of the Head Weather Bureau are con ducted.) But this does not render possible a complete comparison, because all the barometers cannot be at the same height above the sea, and because pressure decreases by 0.095 inch for every hundred feet of altitude above sea or thereabouts, since as altitude is increased so much atmosphere is left behind which the barometer cannot measure. Hence it is imperative to know the height of every barometer in the country above mean sea level. Then an additive correction is applied to the barometric reading already reduced to 32 F., and it is possible to compare the indications of every barometer side by side throughout the, whole extent of Australia. If data can be acquired from New Zealand, the Pacific islands, Malaya, and South Africa, and also from ships by wireless, so much the better, for the larger the field of view the more aacurate ought to be the forecasts. Thus it must always be remembered that before anything can be done re ordinary weather forecast ing on a national scale every barometer in the organisa tion must first be reduced by a subtractive correction to 32deg. Fahrenheit, and next by an additive correction to mean sea level. Then and only then can the Chief complacently, take his seat, light his pipe, and survey the conditions. A blank chart of Australasia is placed before him, yet having thereon clearly marked the posi tions of the observing stations. He calls his computing clerk, who brings in a bundle of telegrams. "Look here," says he, ''are you quite sure that every baro- metric reading has been faithfully reduced and cor rections applied for index error?" "Yes, sir." "Simple though those reductions are, have you gone over each one twice or thrice to avoid any possibility of error?" "Quite sure, sir," is the answer. Cyclones and Anticyclones. THEN the Chief's daily responsibility begins. On the chart against every station he enters the re duced barometric reading. This done, he takes a blue chalk pencil and proceeds to join those places or regions where the barometer reads alike by lines, which are called isobars, or lines of equal pressure. These he labels to tenths of an inch. He must use the keenest judgment, and watch the arrows indicating the winds, which have also been plotted, applying, as the pencil trails its way, the standard law for the Southern Hemi sphere, which is thus formulated: "Stand as with your, back to the wind, and the barometer is lower on the right hand than on the, left." The trailing pencil now gradually indicates, the, localities of the anticyclones and cyclones respectively. Positives and negatives, plus and minus, pervade the universe, and the atmospheric waves form no exception. The anticyclone feeds the cyclone, and vice versa. Anticyclones are maintained by a downflow and outflow of cold air from the upper regions of the atmosphere, and cyclones by an upflow and inflow of warmer and more rarefied air. The winds around anticyclones circulate in the opposite direction to the hands of a watch, and around cyclones in the same direction as clock hands. In the Northern Hemisphere the circulations and laws are reversed. The two systems are often more or less circular in shape, but anticyclones may take the form of a long ellipse, and cyclones assume V-shapes, either erect or inverted. Par ticularly is the V-shaped cyclonic depression in evidence in Australia, and, in fact, in the Southern Hemisphere generally south from the parallel of 8 degrees. The monsoonal disturbances which, particularly influence this country during the warmer months are more or less erect tongue-like Vs, and are extensions southwards from the equatorial zone of low pressure, and the Antarctic low pressure disturbances take the form of inverted Vs, and are extensions from the South Polar belt of low pressure. Weather Changes. REMEMBERING what has been said about the main disturbances travelling from westward towards the east, and the circulation of the winds and shapes of the disturbances, it is at once clear that on every side of any given disturbance, whether high or low, the wind will be different, and a change of wind means change of weather. But in discussing what approaching wind changes really mean, the Chief in his chair, with the isobaric chart now filled in and complete before him, as he next proceeds to issue the daily forecasts must loyally adhere to every article of his "profession of faith." The meteorologist has his creed, as also the religionist, and a very practical one it is. It is enunciated as follows: — believe in latitude, longitude, altitude, physiographi cal features; and the diurnal range of the barometer, Amen; and first I believe in latitude. Now, it is a fact How Drought Areas are Conquered in America. This enormous syphon carries a constant supply of water over a hill 85 feet high, in a stream 7½ to 10 feet in diameter. It is not actually an irrigation scheme, though th'e water may also be used for that purpose; but is part of a huge waterworks system at Los Angeles, the water being ;syphoned to the Mojave Desert, 235 miles away. that the barometer responds, to such-and-such winds de pending on the latitude of the place where the instrument, is, and thus it is evident that the words so often seen on barometer dials, "rain, change, fair, very dry," are utterly misleading and worthless in many localities. But let us return to the completed weather chart and the Chief in his sanctum. Subsidiary loops or twists may appear in the isobars, and every loop, every, line, has its meaning. In fact, the completed chart is like an intricate piece of music, which can easily be rendered and interpreted by an accomplished hand. Well may we speak of "the music of the isobars." At times and in places the isobaric contouring is wide apart, in others close together, meaning easy or steep barometric gradients respectively, and the steeper the gradient the stronger will be the wind, as the steeper the hill with greater force will water flow down it. Recollecting all that has been said, the Chief's daily responsibility now centres in the issue of the forecasts, and the keenest faculties of judgment and correct diagnosis must be employed, exactly as an experi enced physician diagnoses a case. Useless the instru ments, useless the chart, useless everything if these vital faculties are lacking. There are meteorologists and meteorologists, physicians and physicians, and the man who cannot discern the real meaning of an isobar and is unable to read between the lines is bound to make a bungle, and his forecast will fail. In formulating the forecast for any part of Australia, latitude and physical geography most particularly must be considered. A few instances will convey what we mean: — A north-easterly wind on the Queensland coast, west from the east coast ranges, and in the interior and on the south coast of Australia means different sets of conditions altogether, and the same may be said of the other winds with regard to other parts. For a discussion of winds which depend on the isobars, and what they mean, we may summarily divide Australia into four parts by lines crossing at right angles, say, at Alice Springs, and these must be again subdivided into coastal and continen tal. What the Winds Mean. FOLLOWING is a summary in cutline — and there are many modifications and exceptions depending on seasons and the different degrees of anticyclonic and cyclonic energy — of what the winds mean in the quadrants or regions just indicated: — North-eastern quadrant, embracing Queensland. — The barometer in this quadrant being mainly tropical is but little guide, save when it falls half a tenth in half an hour, when it is a sure warning of a dangerous storm. N, NE, E, and SE winds mean increased humidity in all districts near the sea, the coast of Carpentaria excepted, where NE, N, and NW are mainly damp, and temperature will increase or decrease with respect to the latitudes whence the winds blow. Removed from the sea all winds will be much drier, W to S especially so, except northerlies under an energetic monsoonal disturbance, because coast hills and tracts will; to a large extent, absorb the moist ure. South-eastern quadrant, embracing southern Queens land, New South Wales, Victoria, and part of South Aus tralia. — Barometers generally fall under winds between E, N, and W, and rise for SE to SW winds. A falling barometer in south Queensland in winter often means clear westerly weather. NE to SE will be damp in east coast parts, and SE to W damp on the south coast; but N to NW will be dry in those districts and very hot in summer and cold in winter. Inland, again, as in the other case, all winds will carry less moisture, and NE, N, and NW will be very dry bordering St. Vincent's Gulf. In Tasmania, being insular, conditions will be accentuated or modified, depending on proximity to the coasts and in fluence of the Tiers. South-western quadrant, embracing western South Australia and the southern half of Western Australia.— Barometers behave generally as in the last case, except that westerly winds near the coast are dirty and often wet under a falling barometer. All winds between W and SE will be damp bordering the coast, and NW also damp on the Western Australian littoral, whereas north erlies to easterlies will be very dry, exactly the reverse of conditions in coastal Queensland. Inland in this divi sion northerlies to easterlies will be especially dry, and the latter particularly cold in winter, and the moisture of the other winds will be much lessened. North-western quadrant, embracing northern Westralia and a large part of the Territory. — Barometers behave generally the same as in the north-eastern quadrant, being tropical. Bordering the coast all winds be tween NE, NW, and SW will be more or less damp, and those between S, SE, and E will be dry, while inland all winds will be dry, except under energetic mon soonal disturbance. Now, these are first principles depend ing on latitude and topography, and we repeat that there are exceptions depending on barometric gradients., and the seasonal contouring of the isobars, and what has been said about the winds must be considered also with refer ence to the climatic zones. To make our meaning still clearer: — Take the case of a circular anticyclone incoming from the Indian Ocean. The wind will be E on the north side, NE, on the north-west side, N on the west, NW on the south-west, W on the south, SW on the south-east, S on the east, and SE on the north-east sides respectively, and as the currents sweep round cyclones in the opposite way conditions with respect to circular low pressure sys tems are reversed. With an eye like an eagle's and per ception sharper than a two-edged sword the boss meteoro logist knowing his business can forecast all these condi tions and what each implies; he can locate rainfall, advise the squatter, warn shipping of dangerous gales, and pre dict all phenomena resulting from the passage of certain isobars, and he should be accurate, as we have said, to at least 95 per cent., for Australian forecasting is by no means difficult when one knows how to do it. Now, is not the whole study fascinating in the extreme, although it involves tremendous responsibilities in an 0fficial capacity? (To be Continued.) 