 METEOROLOGICAL STATIONS. (To the Editor 'Post' and 'Herald.') Sir, — A- paragraph appeared in a Melbourne paper of the 17th Sep tember, which stated that Senator Maughan had requested in the Sen - ate that 'a more efficient system of weather warning stations should be established in the cyclonic areas along' the Queensland coast.' Ic this, connection, I would ask what ha£ happened to the most complete chains of oWssrviiig sta tions that - I personally established Ultra, and equipped with the best instalments that London can pro duce when I was in charge of the Qi&ensland meteorological service ? [ read further that Hr. Hunt 'has completed arrangements that will make Brisbane an up-to-date meteor ological station, equipped witn in- . etruments specially made to. suit the northern climate.' Surely there is such a thing as justice in Austra lia, and in that sacred cause pray allow me to speak. Has the test of my life's work gone for nothing 1 For 16 vears I was head of the Queensland Meteorological Depart ment. and during that time I estab lished, as the Hon. Bobert Philp Fully admitted, 'a meteorological and weather warning system . second ' to none in the world.' The Brisbane station was first-class ia every res pect when I had charge, and in ig? . noring this a cruel wrong has been done to me. Is all my work in Queensland, faithfully done to the* last item, to be thus negatived, and not a word of credit accorded 1 Storms were warned and forecasts issued by me that we're verified' to 95 per cent, in accuracy, and not 'only was this done for Queensland, but for every part of Australasia, a* the people will remember. And all this on an annual vote, of £1500, as ' against £22,000, I be lieve, now expended by the Federal Weather Bureau. Great goodness what do they -fo with the money 1 The Koombana went down, and so did the Yongala without, it ap pears, a word of warning. The Commonwealth Meteorologist, a few., days ego performed 'grotesque ex periments in Jfelbourne. showing how the latter steamer foundered. Mr. Hunt talks of - instruments specially suited to the northern cli mate. This is mere moonshine. Standard instruments such as I em ployed and personally fixed in posi tion orer the whole cf Queensland, including Cape York Peninsula and the far west, are available all the world over, -and the sooner the Minister in charge realises this, and asks a few questions; the better it will be for a long-Buffering public and shipping. Let justice be .done, though the heavens fall ! I guarantee that if I were resident either at Cairns, Townsville, Bowen, Xlackay. 0r Rockhampton during the hurricane season, with .my own private instruments, not a storm should slip through my fingers with out most ample warning being given. In conclusion, I am very decidedly of opinion that, in exist ing circumstances, a special weather bureau should be established in North Queensland, say at 1 Cairns, or Townsville, entirely independent of Commonwealth control, and the sooner it is done the better- Snrsltr Queensland will listen . to my voice ! —Yours, etc., CLEMENT L. WRAGG-E, F.R.G.S.j_F-R. Met. Soc.. etc. Late Government Meteorologist of Queensland. 