 TWEATHER WARNBING STATRONS To the Editor. Sir,-Withl much surprise I read a?para graph in a Melbourne paper of the 17th. inst. to the effect that Senator slaughan lad re quested in the Senate that "a more efficient system of weather-warnnig stations should be established in the cyclonic areas along the Queensland coast." He might have added, "and the northern coast of Wratern Australia." In this connection I would ask what has happened to the complete chain of observing stations that 1 equipped -with the very best instruments which London could produce when I was in charge cof the Queensland Meteoroloitcal service; and what about the stations from which I used to receiv' daily data between Gereidton and Pcrt Darwin. on the figures from which I used to notify the approach of "willie wil lic";' in the North-West, in the inter&es of the pearling fleet? I was the more sur prised on reading that Mr. Hunt has com pl1.ted arrangements which will make Bris bane an up-to-date meteorological station, equipped 1with instruments made specially to suit- ithe northern climate. For 16 years I was the head of the Queensland weather rervice. and during that time I estab'Wshed theire (as Mr. Robert. Philp, a former Pre mier, admitted) 'a treteorologirutL aid. wea ther-warning system second to none in the world." 'I11e Brisbane station was first class in evsry respect when I had charge. Storms were "warned" and forecasts issue:l by me that were verified to 95 per cent. in eccurney, andi not only was this done for Quccnsl'and, but for every part of Austfa ;asia. as the people will remember. A:nd all this on an annual vote of £1,500, as erainst the £22,010 (I believe) now expend ed by the Federal Weather Bureau. The Koombana went down, and so dikl the Yongala, and not a word of warning was given. Mr. Hunt talks of instruments spe cia'ly suited to the northern climate. Stand ard instruments such as I employed and fixed in pcsition over the whole of Queens land, including the Cape York Peninsula and the far West, are available all the world over, and the sooner the Minister in charge realises this the better it will be for the public and shipping.-Yours, etc., CLEMENT L. WPAGGE, Lately Government Meteorologist of Queenslaml. Aucki nd (N-Z.), September 22. 