 Townsville Harbor Board. MONTHLT MEETING. The monthly meeting of the Towns ville Harbor Board was held at the Board's office on Thursday afternoon. There were present— Messrs G. Gordon (chairman), B. Toll. J. Cummins, G. Harrop, 3. Hodel, A. Ogden, S. M. Hopkins, Hon. E, H. T. Plant, and the secretary (Mr V. J. Lalor). Apologies were received from Messrs R. L. Crad dock and W. L. Chapman. The chairman. In opening, referred to the vacancy on the Board caused by the death of Mr J. A. Benjamin, antt said It would 111 become the Board it they 013 not on the first occasion take the opportunity of acknowledging the services rendered by the deceased gentleman. He moved that a minute to that effect be entered In the Board's rcords, and a letter of condolence sent to the family. Seconded by Mr Hodel and carried. A letter from the Treasury, suggest ing the appointment of an engineer, was called for by Mr Ogdcn. The Ch&riman said before that letter was read he thought In the interests of the Board it should be considered first in committee. Furthermore, there was another letter bearing on the mat ter from Mr Stein: In this be stated that he had not had time to prepare a reply to the report, which appeared to reflect upon him, and desired time to do so, and also consult his solicitor. Mr Hodel said In these circumstances he thought It was only right that the engineer should be ^iven time to reply. Mr Cummins: And then both letters can be read together. Mr Toll moved that the matter be held over and referred to the Finance Committee. The Chairman sail it would be better for the full Board to deal with It. Hon. E. H. T. Plant asked would It be held over till the next meeting. The Chairman said he might call a special meeting of the Board. Mr Ogden said he had no wish to be harsh. The engineer had asked for time, and he would be-willing to grant the request. But he would point out that they had done everything up to this juncture straightforwardly, and had taken account of no one's feel Ings. If there was one prominent fea ture throughout the discussion It was that people's feelings had not been re garded much. But still he was not one to push a nun into a corner, and if there was a defence he, as an Austra lian, would certainly give a man every chance. Mr Cummins: I thought you were an Irishman. Mr Ogden said there was a bit of an Irishman In him, some distance back. He only pointed out that until now there had not been much consid eration shown for people's feelings In the taattor. . The Chairman said the reason of his suggestion was that this was aJlnai letter from the Department after hear ing Mr Bernays's report, but seeing there was a fact stated which the Board's officer wished to refute, ho thought it only fair to adjourn the consideration of It. On the motion of the Hon. E. H. T. Plant and Mr Toll, it was decided that the letfer be held over and the matter nf calling a. special meeting be left In the ohairman's hands. A letter was received from the Engi neer for Harbors and Rivers, request Ing further information before replying to a letter re the proposed concrete pier, and asking if the Board could allocate {2«,M0 per annum for two years from Kb revenue from the pro posed work, or was the procuring of loan money the only way possible? The Chairman said the letter had been referred to the Works Committee, but the Department had apparently not nailed for a reply, as a further letter had been received ataUng that the Board's borrowing' power would be ex tended. The following letter was also re ceived from the Treasury:— 'With re ference to the clerk's letter of the 22nd ultimo to the Engineer for Har bors and mvers, relating to extra berthing accommodation proposed to be constructed by the TownBVllle Har bor Board, I have the honor, by di rection, to Inform you that a Bill will be Introduced during the next Parlia mentary session Increasing the Board's borrowing power to enable it to borrow Funds to defray the cost of the scheme suggested by Mr Cullen, and that In the meantime a loan will be granted For the purpose, when required, for the available amount which the Board Is empowered to borrow.' The Under-Secretory of the Depart ment of Public Lands wrote as fol 'ows:— 'Referring to your letter of Mrd ultimo, inquiring whether It could be ltranged to allow your Board to pur chase the whole of the land comprised In allotments 18 to 22 of the reserve for railway purposes, In one block, con tingent on the Board agreeing to al low the Railway Department's siding on the land to remain as long as re quired, I have the honor to Inform you that the matter of selling the part of the reserve on the east side of the rail way line Is being held over at the re quest of the Railway Department, which may require the land for rail way purposes.' This referred to blocks alongside the Board's pumping station. The Chairman said the Railway De partment had told them It was In the hands of the Lands Department, and now the Utter Btated that the matter was being held over because the land might be required for railway purposes. Mr Ogden said at the late Local Authorities' Conference they, had learned that all pork lands could be resumed by the Government. But It would be unfair It, after the Board had put pumping Improvements on the land. It should be subject to resump tion. The Chairman suggested that another letter might be written to the Depart ment asking how they could protect their Improvements on the land. ?5 ,- ??+ Tc wa* dj»IB»a. that the matter be Wi -In the «*lrmin'« handn. The *eneral secretary of the Mer chant Service Guild , of Australasia wrote u follows:— 'For the purpose of altering, Axing and determining the.1 terms of 'employment of masters and offlcers throughout the shipping Indus try of the Commonwealth. I am direc ted to advise you that nnder Instruc tions from its members (same of whom are In your employ), the Guild has re solved to moke the attached claim ' upon yon and other -employers with a request that you will enter into an un dertaking to observe ^the terms of the clftiir from the 1st Instant onwards. I am further dlrecetd to notify you that the Guild will be pleased to meet you, or any representative body of employ ers In conference, and should you not see your way to conform to the termB | of the claim, or be unable to. meet the j representatives of the Guild In con ference, I- am to ask yon to notify me whether or not you agree to the Presi dent of the Commonwealth Court of j Conciliation and Arbitration hearing and determining the matter upon the application of the Guild.' The Chairman stated that there was a very long log of-wages attached, of which only two points affected the Board. The Clerk sold the only two classes in the Board's employ Interested were the tug tnasten and dredge masters. In the dredges the masters would be entitled to £26. per month, plus over time at 8b 64 per hour for work over eurht hours. ' In reply to a question by the chair man, the clerk stated that there were two BhlftB of Bine hours for which they were paid for eight hours. Mr Dffdea said they were face to face with men who had got an award from the Court. The Chairman Bald they had not cot their award yet Mr Ogden suggested that a reply be sent that the Board would fall In with what they might secure. The Chairman pointed out that for one of the new ships on the coast the log would mean £79 per month for the captain, with 10s per hour overtime. Mr Ogden said he was glad the waterside workers 'were not the only ones asking for increases. He would suggest that they should reply that they would fall In with the decision of the Court. A Member: We will have to. The Chairman: Not necessarily; the Full Court sometimes upsets those things. He thought It would be better not to reply at all at present. Mr Ogden: Well, so long as we do not throw ourselves athwart them In the matter. The dlscuBBlon then dropped. A letter was received from the secre tary of the Townsville Meteorological Bureau (Mr H. B. Marks), reporting what was being done by that body, and asking if the Board would contribute towards the object of establishing a meteorological station in North Queens land during the cyclone season. The Chairman said he regretted the matter had fallen through for the pre- sent season. Hon. E. H. T- Plant said the object was a laudable one, and if it was within their power he thought, the Board would be justified in allocating a sum of money towards this object. It was for the benefit of the shipping and people connected with the northern trade routes. He thought the Board should push the matter, if they could. He would move that a letter be sent to the Federal authorities in Melbourne strongly advocating the establishment of a station. And, If it was in the province of the Board he thought they would be justified in offering another £100 towards the object. Mr Ogden seconded the motion, pointing out that they already had the wireless station established here, which was the complement of a complete equipment for a meteorological station. Mr Toll thought It was purely a mat- ter for the Federal Government. He thought they should strongly urge upon the Government that an officer be ap pointed here. He would like to see Mr Wragge come here, but still thought it was the duty of the Australian Parlia- ment to protect these coasts. The motion moved by the Hon. E. H. T. Plant, that a letter be sent to the Federal authorities strongly urging the establishment of a bureau in Towns- ville, and stating that the Board would be In favor of contributing to the cost of such bureau, was then put and Car ried. The Townsville Steam Laundry Co. wrote applying for a lease of the allot ment adjoining the laundry. The Chairman said the Laundry Co. wanted the ground for drying purposes. They would not be able to erect any building without the consent of the Board. - . Referred to the Works Committee. The manager of the South British Insurance Co. wrote expressing appre ciation of Mr Stein's successful work in raising the lighter Torpedo, and making sow recommendation! as to the surrey aa« repair of the vessel. Left In the Hones of the otutirmon. The manager of the Australian Steamships Ltd. wrote asking when the sheds on the Jetty were removed that extensions. of Met at each end of the shed be made, these additions to , be closed on the weather side, but open on the Side nearest the ships. Mr Toll Moved that the matter be referred to the engineer to prepare estimates and report to the Finance Committee. Mr Hodel said the engineer enouia see *he Company and ttnd out what they want, ana then' rtport to the Works Committee. Mr Toll aceebted the amendment, which was carried. The manager of the Adelaide Co. wrote stating that the Kadlna had been delayed on account of the partial strike of waterside workers In south ern ports, and therefore asked the sus pension of their coal contract until the vessel arrived. This was agreed to. FINANCE COMMITTEE'S REPORT. A special meeting of the Finance Committee was held at 1.80 p.m. on Friday, Mrd January, to arrange the flnal payment to be made to Messrs Brand and Drybrough In connection with contract for repairs to dredger 'Crocodile.' The clerk was authorised to forward a cheque for £1M 10s «d, being balance due after deducting from amount claimed, the following Items viz: tM in connection with boiler stools, £15 renewal of chafing pieces in -well, £9 10s for we ot crane,' and « for wire slings install ing ladder. £106 in respect ot ex cess weight of ladder, and £U claim for use ot planking, trestles, etc., dis allowed, making the total sum paid on account of contract work £7168 8s, and extras £M20 12s (d, in all £10.789 On 6d. The Adelaide Company's letter of the 7th January, asking that the charge for hire of the salvage pump for the steamer 'Tasman' be reduced, see ing that it wot not used, was con sidered. It was resolved to report that the committee could not recom mend any reduction In the price agreed upon, vie, 176. The members present at the meeting were Messrs Gordon, Craddock, Chapman, and Hopkins. The ordinary monthly meeting of the committee was held at 11 a.m. on Tuesday, Wth Instant Messrs Gordon, Hopkins and Cummins being present Accounts amounting to £IS20 16s Id were examined, and are recommended for payment Disbursements amount Ing to £6515 »s Cd are recommended for confirmation, making the total ex penditure during the month of Jan uary fil2T Is. Including the sum ot [1611 Us Cd, authorised at lust meet- , Ing. I liookstall, Jetty Wharf: Messrs | Wlllmrtt and Son having notified that they old not desire to renew their tenancy of this building, which ex pires on the tlfit March, It wax re solved that tenders be Invited for lease of same. Proposed extension of Borrowing Powers: It Is recommended that the Treasurer be asked when amending ; the Act dealing with this matter, to increase the limit of borrowing pow ers from £350.000 to £500,000. Quotations for Timber: The follow ing quotations were received for cer tain timbers, as under, required in connection with the Board's works:— 8260 super feet oltii Oregon decking to sketch: Rooiyya Ltd. £131 12s, H. Mackenzie Ltd. £129 18b 9d. Saxton and ninriR £121 ISs 9d, Langdon and Lang don 1114 9b 4d. J160 super feet It x 3 dressed Oregon planking: H. McKenzle I-td. £40 10b.. Rooneys Ltd. £»2 12s, Langdon and Ljngdon {32 8s, Saxton nnd Blnns £81 Mb 6d. I960 Duper feet of lOln x Sin Ironbark: H. McKenzle £J» Is, Lanrdon and Longdon £89 18s 8d. Ronneyf Ltd. .£3! 10s. Saxton and Blnns £84 ]0s lOd. Allen Taylor & Co. £81 15s 7d. The acceptance Is recommended of Mnssrs Langdon and Langdon's tender for ( x 3 Oregon, Rooneys Ltd. for IS x 3 Oregon, and Allen Taylor*-* for Iron bark. In connection with the Pnlle* MaeHH. rate's letter or the 7th mat., concerning Jie quarry employees' appeal to the In lustrlol Court for Increased wages and reduction of working hours, It was ar ranged that the Chairman, should ap pear to represent the Board when the evidence li being taken. Mr Hodel said In leasing the news paper stall they should be perfectly clear that the building was not In the road of the rails. The Chairman said they had a pro vision In the lease for that Mr Ogden said In the tenders could they not give some benefit to the local firms, when ihe prices were so near. The Chairman said they had given a preference in the increase. The report was adopted. WORKS COMMITTEE REPORT. A meeting of the Works Committee was held at 2.S0 p.m. on Thursday, Jan uary 22, at which Messrs G. Gordon (chairman), B. Toll. R, L. Craddock, W. L. Chanmnn T ttm).i «..j *._ ? Hon. E. H. T. Plant were present. The application of the Waterside Workers' Federation dated December M. for the erection of a shelter shed at the Jetty, referred to this Commit tee with power to act, was considered, and It was resolved to hold the matter over pending the completion of the widening of the Eastern breakwater. Tenders, as under, were received tot painting the Board's offices (two coats) authorised at last meeting. vii.:C. Sills S ?? w S00' W7' °- Cum« «S »B, W. Hebb £68 10b, r. Neelssen £E8 6s, T. Turton £54, George Lear H9. The low eat tender, namely that of Mr G. Lear was accepted. ^^' For the supply of 1400 casks of ce ment- required In connection with the breakwater extension work, the fol lowing tenders were received, vi«.: Thos. Brown and sons, 'Hercules' brand Ms »a per cask, delivered at the Board's shed; Allen and Sora. 'Al- sen.' and 'Kocmos' brands, 12s M per cask, exclusive of har bor dues and wharfage charges, equal to 13s td per cask. Including these charge); Burns, Phllp and Co, 'An- chor' brand, 12s -d per cask, excluding harbor dues and wharfage, equivalent to Us If such charges are added. Ii was resolved to accept the lowest tinder, that of Burns, Phllp and Co. Mr Uor don did not vote on this matter. The letter dated 2nd January re ceived from the Engineer for har bors and Rivers with reference to pro. posed No. 2 pier, was dlscusaed. »nii » ?was resolved to recommend that a re 'If *? IS' that the Board °°uW not allocate £26,000 per annum for two years to carry out the work, and preferred to have the borrowing powers extended to provide for It FOREMAN'S PROGRESS REPORT The following Is a Bummary of the work carried out during , the past month. Dredging: The Cleveland Bay, after having a new «et of buckets placed on her Udder, continued her wortc ot widening by HE feet, the swing basin In the outer harbor and advanced '-a distance of 192 feet dredging to Kfr. Lw.o.at, the material raised - being ?tiff clay and sandstone. The quantity dredged was 59,215 cubic yards hopper measurement at a cost of £1077 16a Id, or an average of 4.IC pence Dor cubic yard. This vessel also had a new ladder hoisting wire rove off dur ing the month, as the other wag worn out Before the end of the present month the dredge will have arrived at the site of the proposed new 660ft. and 90ft p)er, and I would suggest that the work be discontinues' ? at this point until the plans of the .pier have been prepared, and that -the dredge take m- the w Honing of the approach channel from the beads, by lMft. as shown In yellow color on the progress plan. Resolute: This vessel, which Is ta the hands ot the repairing staff, has to have a new funnel, smoke box and housing over the boiler, and as ' the boiler, although passed by Mr Weir, would require extensive repairs' next year, I decided to lift It out of the vessel and repair it now, thus saving the expense of again pulling the hous ing to pieoes when the vessel oomes up for survey belt year. 'Barges Nos. 1 and 2: The carpen ters are at work taking oft the belt Ing, which, along with angle Irons, has to be renewed. Crocodile: Good progress is now be ing made with this vessel as per Mr BonduurVi resort Jetty /Wharf: The work of replacing the three-fender piles, recently bro ken by shipping, Is well In hand. A. new office has been erected for the gatekeepers, and the work of shifting the sates and Harbor Master's office will be taken In hand In a few days. Widening the Breakwater: During January' the rough bank was run out a distance of 276 feet, and should be finished about the end of the present month, when a start will be made get ting the outer batter made 2t to i, and also -with formation of the road-way. The new stone crushing plant Is now working, and the metal being tarred for the roadway. ' Water Supply: The new pump - has been Installed, and tbe tin. main laid to Junction with tbe Bin. at the outer end of the Pilot Hill, t am awaiting the arrival of some pipe fittings to complete this work. The quantity ot water supplied to shipping was I76,MV gallons. The balance-sheet for the year jrU presented, and It was ordered that It He on the table for the next month. ' On the motion of Messrs Hodel -ind Toll It was decided that the chairman be the returning officer for the extras ordinary election and also for the an nual election in June. -? Mr Ogden at last meeting had given notice of the following motion:— 'That It Is desirable to Institute a dual man agement Jn. connection with the Board's works by which the mechanical section shall be kept separate.' When the mo: tion was called on Mr Ogdea sold he would like to see It held over. He wanted to be quite fair, and as they hod already, held over certain corres pondence In connection with tbe engi neer's position,' he thought It advisable to let this motion stand over. He would certainly have to say things which' would look like prejudicing Mr Bttni's case. It might not be Us (the ?peaker't) privilege to come back to tbe mwunp. on he hod to face an election the next day, but would oak leave to poitnone the motion. Seconded by Mr HodeJ-sB.a ?carried. Mr Ogden suggeitiril; that, when the Board hod the crusher working they might provide metal for a porflon ot the road near tho Jetty. In reply to tho Hon; E. H. T. Plant, the Chairman stated that the new gas buoy for the fairway had been ordered by the Government, but there was no news as to the date of arrival. In reply to Mr Cummins, the Chair man said that Judgment was reserved In th» law suit between the Board and the Ecolllsh Shire Line. -The position was that the Shire Company had en tered a defence that they had not con trol of the vessel when the damage waB done. The Board then applied to the Full Court as demurrer to argue that that was not a defence, and when that wae settled It would practically settle the case. . This concluded the business of 'the meeting. 