 The Cyclone Season., Neefl of the North. A Meteorological Station. 'For somo 'timo past tlio people of Townsviilo uiid CaimS have been acitat- iug lor the establishment of a meteoro logical station in tins north. It 'is con- tended 'that by that means may, possible: disasters to /snipping along tho nutthem coast in the cyclone season he averted. A meteorological . station, properly, equipped and efficiently, managed, would bo. serviceable in' forecasting disturbances which from timo to tiuio threaten the' safety of shipping: in the north. Master mariners have givon- tliefr strongest sup-, port to 'tho agitation, and prominent amongst them is .Captain U. Irvine, mas ter oi the Inuamincka, who conveyed his views to a representative oi the , "Tele graph" yesterday afternoon. "A scien tific meteorological station at Cairns or Towns ville, with a scientific man in , charge, " said Captain Irvine, "would bo tho means of giving notice to shipping of approaching storms, When Mr, - Hunt. Commonwealth ' Government meteorologist was in' North . Queensland lust 'year, a de putation urged liira to have, a station established at Cqirns. Air. 'Hunt ob jected on the grdund of the expense in-, vol vod, which, lt sald. woiiid-'ndt be; warranted vy .thei popuiatio'li affected. The northern peojile ' Were not satisfied with this reply, so they referred the matter to tho Minister, who eventually, also turned down the proposal. 7 The people' of Cairns and Townsville have decided that they; > .will liaveiil;'-meteorological sta tion7 sqmehoW. - IqVccordingly they are, organisih'g. av'sdbscription list, in' ; aid „of .the movement,.'/, aiid .'thoy feel .confident' the necessar;;,ni'pney' ';will be raised. . ;lt:, has boon '.'suggested '. that an offer should be made to Mr. Clement Wragge, who, 1 understand is in New Zealand, to come over .and run tho station." "What is your opinion ir. , regard to that'7 Idea queried 'tho reporter. "1 think it- is a very good idea,", re plied Captain, Irvine, "Mr, Wragge". is eminently '.qualified to take .Charge of. such a . station, ' by reason of his experience in Queensland, and liis knowledge of local conditions. . I holieve the' money that is! required will bo forthcoming, as the move ment should, appeal not only to nortli- erners, hut' .-Ufr many people in the' other States, for the men employed, on the' steamers trading to the. north have faml-" iics in' the southern cities, and . besides numerous -'southerners 'constantly. / are travelling into the tropics. It -is, wiser to subscribe money" towards the preven tion of '.disasters7 than to Subscribe after wards.- tor the relief- of those who suffer bv disasters that might have bcCn pre vented. A meteorological 'station would ho an' iiivaluablo guide as to the approach of storms. - The North Queensland coast is tlio oniv const in a cyclone area that I ' know of that,, has. not a meteorological station. There are, stations which givo warnings of storms a't Mauritius, I-loug- ' Jrong, and Bengal!,-. -At present advices- as 'to weather, -indications liave to be sent' to Mulbourpo, arid maybe the storm, has" arrived, before jbho warning, is given... May-, be the 'wires, hayo-, been blown down, aiid it. is, hot jipssible-.to give .warning-'.' .; "How long.a -notice would yopji want ' ordinarily "I should sny 34 hours' notice - would suffice. Tlicro are scarcely any two ports along tho > coast ; ,morc than 24 hours apart. If a ' warning of a, cyclone were, given we could stay: in , port till tho dan ger, hnd passed;, , Something. must be done. We want a man to study; these storms on the spot. At .present the , meteorolo gical office tolls you what kind ot rweather wo have had, but it is seldom they gie an idea oi whfetjhs ahead. Mostly their forecasts aro pp,uvague .that no: matter .what' kind -of weather comes.; the :'.;fore cftstn - liold .good.C jtVe- master mariners oi necessity '- study imeteotology, . but we ; aro frequently niinpluised by these cyclones, which come up 'lit «!n hour's notice. - To ( meet a cyclone. Hi'- tlie open sea, wlienypU. have plenty 'ot- toora.'is bad enotigb,-. -but it is much worse when your ship in olosed in between the V shore and the Barrier .. Reef,- That is where 'the trouble is;.'' - "What is 'it estimated will be the'eost ot- equipping and''- running ; a meteorologi cal station in the 'liorth 7 > i "They estimate the cost of establishing the station would be about £1, 000, and of running it!' about _ £600- -per. annum," said Captain - "What.; is that cdmpared. to . .7 -the / loss iuvolved iu -a shipwreck. Look; at, the loss of breadwinners, to say nothing. of -tho 'loss- of" property. . I : hope ; the . necessary uaoney->will» be subscribedi and l. am confident that . It . will . be, for in the north the people W very » uoiictiiitaeu , about the matter; and they feel they, con = rely onl assistance from the south, ii£ - the/ Commonwealth continues to , refuse to cs-., tablish the station." .&lt; 