 Settled Till 1930. DRY AND WET SEASONS. In these days (says the Sydney "Even ing News"), when those once honoured prophets of the weather— the corns " and gouty limbs of our elders— have given place to scientific forecast, the farming , community hangs . with bated breath upon the utterances of the exports. The Auckland "Star," copies of width arrived hv the .steamer Riverina, inter- viewed Mr. Clement Wragge, F.R.G.S.— the one-time Queensland Government meteorologist, and the foreteller of the j disastrous Australian droughts— at his home at Birkenhead the other day. ' Mr. Wragge willinglv acquiesced . when asked it, lie would venture a forecast. The celebrated weather prophet lives in intimate communion with the weather 1 portents. An odd-looking barometer was : at his ' elbow in his queer, workshop-. ' like study ; shelves of „ meteorological" tomes lined the room. Outside was a box like structure which,' to the uninitiated might have been a meat safe or a bird cage. It was, in fact, 'a miniature oh- servatory.in which clockwork and elec trical instruments registered the vagaries of the atmosphere, or turned.- turtle, bv an alarm arrangement, to tell the state of the temperature at a given time of nights. THE ELUSIVE SUNSPOT. The meteorologist fetched a huge tele scope, fonnidable as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting rays ot the sun, and allowed a bright hait-crown oi light from the lens— the: photograph of tho sun— to play on the white blotting pud. "No sunspots and no rain just yet," was his rueful verdict. "I've been expect ing one just lately. ..It should appear to-morrow or the next day on the edge of the sun, und when it works to tho centre, conditions will be favourable to rnin." Tiie prophet next gave the barometer a professional rap, jotted down a figure, and dubiously said "I'mpli." Producing a chart of the 'Australasian regions, he went outside to test the direction oi the wind and to find the lav of tho low atmos pheric pressure region, and then com mence to rapidly draw wavy "isobars" on the chart. LOOKING AHEAD. Mr. Wragge has computed forecasts for the seasons of Australia till 1U3U, and these, lie says, arc applicable tu" New | Zealand, with slight modifications, owing to physical and geographical reasons. During 1914 and part of 1915, lie says, the rainfall, taking Australasia as ' a whole, will lie under the avcrago. This by no means implies that there will be no ruin. On the contrary, good intervening rains will occur, and the lust part of this period will be better than the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards, the rainfall will markedly increase, and from 1916 to 1920 inclusive, the seasons will he distinctly good, with abundant pre cipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to steadily fall off, and the worst part of the next great under average period will lie 1923 and 1924. Australians will be justified in calling that a drought. In 1925, matters will begin to improve, and good seasons will provail from l92o to 1930. These forecasts, explained Sir. Wrqgge, urc mainly based on the physical Condi- - tion of the sun with respect to its maxima and minima moods, mov ing in cycles of 11 years. Just now. wo arc Hearing the pud c of the solar minimum— or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, ot which we on earth had no conception, ; were least violent/ The maximum period would commence at the end of 1915, and until then, ,al- . . : though he did not expect the seasons to lie so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must not be anticipated. Intervenn . ing rains in New Zealand should give a heavier fall than in Australia. In the droughts lie predicted. New Zealand would not suffer to the same extent as Aus tralia, owing' to its climate being in sular, whereas that of tho latter was continental. >. "Yes," said Senator Graphtor, with a I deep sigh, "I often yearn deeply for the joys of private life." "Well, by George, senator." said one of his fellow-towns-", men, enthusiastically, "Nobody deserves to he returned to tiiem more than you do !" 