 .?.??????????????????????????????????. Speaking at the Chamber of Com merce at Toowoomba the other day, Mr. 11. Sinclair advocated a plan which he considered would do away witli the present ridiculous position in the Commonwealth Senate, and would tend to make the Senate less a party body and more a revising Cliainber. His idea is that the Senate should be elected by the State Parliaments, and that the majority should only bo allowed to elect two-thirds, and the minority would have its one-third. It was v business question, declared Mr. Sinclair, and it was a purely non-party &lt;juestion. The electorates weru so enormous that it was absolutely impossible for the candidates to get over the whole of the ground, but if they were elected by the State Parliaments, the State Parliaments would naturally call upon the member for each particular electorate, whose duty it would be to provide them with all local knowledge. "?O"* After his return to Sydney a few days ago liarl Grey said he confessed he stood, hat in hand, before the energy and enterprise of a people who, with little more lhau hall the j population of London, have been nble to accomplish what it has done in Australia. The undeveloped wealth of Australia was to liiin a profound revelation, lie had no idea the people had s.uch a beautiful country. lie quite agreed that the future of Australia rested not so much on the starched collar as the open shirt This means, of course, that it is the man who goes out into the country and develops tin- variety of wealth waiting to be garnered in the rural districts-and which the people outside Australia have no idea of, nor Win habitual dwellers iu the cities either-to which Australi i must knk for advancement, and not to those visa hang about the big towns wearing " starched collars"-two words that bave such a world of meaning ! Karl Grey gave a warning that unless good use was made of the land, a stronger people, who can make better use of it, will come and take it from us. -o In a paragraph ia this column re cently it was hinted as a bit of fun that the New'South Wales Government preferred to raise the railway rates instead of taxing motor cars and petrol, because perhaps too many members owned or wore inter»sted in motor cars. It is now stated that the Government owns 46 new motor cars which are intended for personal use, so what was merely meant as a joke, has a substantial foundation after all. All the same this scribe lays no claim to possessing the gift of second sight. -o The Hon. Joseph Cook was re cently visit.ng Son. Constable Uain, of Cowra, and no douut they had a great confabulation quite outside politics, as they have been close friends for 39 years (says a local paper), and for a long time worked together in the Lithgow mines. There must be something in mining, quite outside being the bloated proprietor of a healthy gold mine, which leads to high posi tions in the land, for Mr. Andy Fisher, who was Prime Minister before the Hon Joseph Cook, had worked in a mine also. It is added that when the present Prime Minister left the mines to try for a seat in Parliament he handed his mining" tools to Mr. Bain, on the under standing that they would work again together as mates if it happened that his services as a member were declined. " He went into Par liament and lie's thero yet," sail Mr. liain, proudly. There could not have beeu much talk about politics during the two hours the old mates spent together, as it is said most of the conversation began with the words : " Do you remember ." People who hate fresh air atid the free and open spaces of the country, crowd into the cities and herd together in surround ings which would drive n tesideut of the couutry to commit suicide iu a day or two or kill liiin in a week. But the city dwellers are only " enjoying"' what they prefer to, although press, public (who are better off), and pulpit are constantly referring to grasping landlords and the menace to health. This is what some families put up with in the city of the beauti ful harbor There is a house in Surrev Hills concaining seven rooms. In one is living a man and his wife and a 18-year-old daughter ; another room sheltered a married couple and five children ; in another a married couple and two children ; and in still another a man and liis wife and five children. The other two rooms are also occupied. Another house of Jive rooms sheltered fourteen adults and sevtn children. It i6 declared that with such a state of affairs existing it must mean moral degrada tion and physical deterioration, which one could easily believe; ani yet the country is crving out for occupation, and the land for settlement. Evidently it ia hopeless to expect slum dwellers to ever be convinced of the beauties of living in the country, else they would be only too glad to get cut of their miserable surroundings-apparently triUerablc, that is, to anybody elso but themselves. -o-. The president of the Toowootnba Chamber of Commerce is apparently not a ladies' man. While that body was seeking a wav to try and induce the Railway Depart ment to modify the charge for platform tickets so far as business people wero concerned, as they did considerable business with the rail ways, the president said the platform charge had been introduced largely to prevent gaping females from going on to the platform to meet the trains. It was not meant to hamper busi ness men.-There is no doubt the girls and voung women like to flock to the railway stations when important trains are due or going out, hut it is unusual to refer to this in the unkind way adopted by the Toowoomba gentleman : it i.&lt; more usual for a man in a hurry to say something under Jus breath when dodging about among the petticoats, and at the same timo keeping a wary eye open for protruding hatpins. The recent cyclone which passed over the Barling Downs knocked the roads about so badly that the Shire Councils are almost in despair as to where funds are to come from to effect necessary repairs. The Glengallan Shire has been particularly un fortunate, and one Councillor said at a recent meeting that if all the availablo revenue for the present vear was spent on the work that is required in No. 2 division, it would bo barely sufficient to meet the demands, and even then . the work would not be of a permanent character. One Councillor thereupon made the unusual admission that he believed lie was under-rated, and expressed himself as willing to pay more rates, as lio considered the i amount of work necessary in the district where be lived warranted his paying moro iu the matter of rating. It Is certainly very un common for a ratepayer to make such an offer; ina wore usual to growl at the amount, how ever small, but when it is raised a little-my word ! you should hear 'em then ! -o The Tasmaniau member of Parlia ment who was a nominal supporter of the Government, jvt caused its defeat on a ques tion relating "to potatoes, lias been gettiog a bad time at the hands of some of the Liberal newspapers for daring to put potatoes betore party ; but it is pointed out by gome who are not so hot-headed, that to the landholders of the north-west coast of Tasmania the potato is incomparably more important than any party. There is much pood money being made out of waste materials, so-called, when properly handled, and in sufficient quantity, 'fin; revenue last year from the Bradford (Eng land) Corporation grease factory, for instance, amounted to over £48.00,0. This sum repre sents what other people have thrown away, for the grease is extracted from waste products ot the wool industry. When the crude wool is washed at llradford some of its oat ira! fat is washed into the sewers. By collecting the " sludge" and extracting the fatty substance tli-' city is a tile to dispose of about 120 tons of Crease" per week -This item not only shows the gigantic size ol the Bradford wool industry when 120 tons of gtease per week is obtained from the " waste,"' but should give a wrinkle to our wonlsrours, which might consider whether it would he worth while to try and save the grease in these establishments. ?1 -0 One of the immigrants who re cently arrived in Sydney from England thinks the immigration boom "from Great Britain to Australia and New Zealand will go on lor years. Australia looms larger in England lately than any other 13ritisl> colony overseas. The liritish are tired of Canada ; there is no room for them in the I'nited States; they are not wanted in South Africa: and such good reports had been coining through from the Common wealth that that is the place tliey are now looking to. -o If anyone warns work Archbishop Kelly's advice is to pray to God for it, and He will send it; but no man has a right to say to another, "Give ine work."' Hut a man must make his work profitable to his employer. A man who would not give a fair day's wages for a fair day's work will stand in lawful judgment before God, ami a man wiio will not give a fair day's work for a fair 'lay's wages will alsn have to stain! lu-fore God in judgment.-It will he news t.i many that the Almighty taken an interest ju the labor problems of the day, and that thBfc> employers and employees who do not do the fair tiling will hear about it in the hereafter-some might even want to know how the enterprising Archbishop knows. -o According to the Federal Attorney Grneral (Mr. H'. |l. Irvine) preference to unionists was passed at the point ol the Labor bayonet. It constituted one of the worst blots on the Statute Hook of Australia. T/i!> law should not be able to say to any man that he should not hare a right to earn his bread. Was it not time that tiie veil of hyp-icri'-y was rent asunder with regard to the cry "Other things being eijual" in the preference to union ists principle. -o The cabicman recently sent out a mis.-iiug wnri puzzle. !n a certain new plav, it is stated, a great Australian adjective is iii rroduced and has to be spoken by the leading lady. With two exceptions the newspapers could no' screw up enough courage to put the word in type, but fell back upon the good old dash or asterisks. The censor did not prohibit the use of the word, and while some critics considered the application of the word was defensible, others were shocked at the author's alleged had taste. The audience themselves were so tabeu by surprise that they laughed uproariously when the word was first used, but its repetition was received almost in deadly silence. What; is the missing word-the "great Australian adjective ?" Can it be the word that rhymes with ruddy ? No hint is given by the cableman, -o Sir. Clement Wragge is not dis mayed or discouraged by all that has been said about the. absurdity of anyone claiming to bo able to forecast the weather for weeks ahead, let alone yeara, and comes up smiling with a forecast up to 1993. During 1914-15 tilings will be improving ; good seasons during 1917 20: a fal!ing-off in 1921-22; bad droughts in 1923-24; improving again in 1925-26; good seasons in 1927-30. Mr. Wragge adds that wo must be prepared for the bad srasons. A Government is wanttd strong enough to grap ple with the all-important problem of water conservation. Australia wants fewer laws, less politicians, and tower statesmen. ISy the conservation of water only can this great con tinent be saved from the ravages of drought. This last remark is not very complimentary to the Commonwealth electrician who claims to bo able to make it rain whenever he wants it i to, and by means of electricity, not by bom barding the sky with guns like Mr. Wraggo was experimenting with at one time-believe it was >lr. Wragge, but am not sure. It would not be ranch ubo quoting froin mining reports for this column, but it is always interesting in make extracts from the wool reports periodically issued by tho liig lirms which handle this commodity, which, after all. is much more valuable than anything obtained by mining, tioldsbrough, Mort re cord with much feeling of satisfaction that 1913 was another successful year which will add something like £32,C00,000 to Australia's wealth, all obtained from wool. Tho meat ex ports have also increased substantial^-, and compared with 1912 the exports of mutton and lainb show increases of almost 70 percent, and 31 per cent, respectively. Tho growth of thU trade means that such a large proportion of the sheep will bo wanted for the freezer that any increase in wool production can hanb'y be looked lor. Favorable seasons ha->e served to increase the figures, but the dry years, to which Australia is subject, will surely make inroads on quantities. Raring the season just ended the market has been buttressed mainly by the Continental section, Franco particularly having bought freely and continuously thinugh uut, while American purchases have been much augmented, -o A horBe breeder who races his own stock writes to the Toowoomba "Chronicle" complaining about the way race meetings are conducted in those parts, sod signs his name to his letter also. At the Christmas meeting liis horse. Don't Care, started in the Christmas Handicap, and the betting being out of reason about that horse the attention of the stewards Was drawn to it. After the race was run ttia rider was remonstrated with, when lie said, " Be will roinp home, to-morrow," which he did with the greatest case. The horse was entered for the Farewell on the same day, and when the owner of another horse sought to square matters with the owner of Don't Care and was met with a point blank refusal other means were used and Don't Care had no pos sible chance of winning unless the reins had broken. At Oakey a certain racing man went to the writer in reference to the Oakey Handi cap, and not being content with what he was told went to the rider and asked him to " stop" Dou'c Care, but the rider wasn't taking any and Don't Care won. Tile owner wanted action taken to keep 6uch " scoundrels" off the racecourses, as racing was becoming so de graded that all respectable racing men would have to stand clear. The letter concludes: .' No wonder the attendances at rac&lt;? meetings were falling off, as the public are not going to patronise races simply to bo " rooked" by such scoundrels as mentioned " -o They aeem to be enjoying more seasonable weather on the Darling Downs than we have been in these parts, and there is ap parently no occasion to think that the manager of the weather department had made a mistake and was thinking April was December, like we have been compelled to do. A Warwick paper mentions that three weeks after a big hailstorm had occurrcd nt a place called Mouatside hail stones were still to bo Been lying about. If this storm had happened in Karcaldine, say, a couple of hours would probably see the stones melud even it they were aa large as the pro verbial egg#-not "pigeon's though, but enju eggs. -o Although a good mauy people dwell ing in the cities become sentimental over the emu and the kangaroo and consider both should be piotected as valuable Australian assets, the pistoralist thinks differently, and small blame to him. U he has to pay rent for his country he would rather sheen used the grass than kan carons and emus. On the Darling Kiver, in N.S.W., ic is said the emus are swarming over large areas of country and doing a lot of dam age to t!ie green grass, while the kangaroos are breeding up very last and are promising to be come a serious pest. The kangaroos are pro tected ail the year round, and the emus are also protected, so an agitation is being renewed to have both protections removed. It is esti mated that same of the stations would carry thousands more sheep if there were no cinus. --o There are ways nf being slowly tortured to death in civilised countries, and without adopting any of the horrid schemes of red luuians or Chinese. It was reported from New Zealand the other day that a man who had been bathing in the surf at Tauranga, was carried out to sea by the current, but nu» ceeded in reaching a small island. When thu| report leit he had already been there 30 hours, stark naked, without feort, and in a bitterly cold wind, and it was not expected he could survive much longer. Attempts were made with a powerful launch to rescue him, but the sea was so rniiL'l: it was impossible to get any where near. 1'aney over thirty hours of such an experience, to say nothing of the hopes raised in the hreast of the unfortunate inan when the launch approached. and the succeed ing despair when the boat lailed to reach him. When tbo Home Secretary was in Adelaide and wanted to know the situation of t Inclines oi the Secretary of Agriculture and lri^ntion, he remembered the advice to " ask a policeman but to his surprise, although lie asked a sergeant and a constable, neither could inform yet the offices turned out to be only 200 yards away, Ic is said that Mr, Appel immediately determined there should be no eucli ignorance shown by tho Uri&baoe police, and the Commissioner was to have the men on duty in the metropolis instructed as to the location of public offices, &c. --o While tbe Hon. J. G. Appel (Home Secretary) was peregrinating about down south, and propelling his burly form into the various public offices belong to the other fellow, he paid much attention to the condition and rates of pay of the police farces in the various States. He was convinced that the Queensland men were better off than those in Soutli Australia and Victoria. Id Victoria the police supplied their own uniforms, did not receive any pension, and had to insure them selves-men joining since 1932 having to insure their lives for .£200. l"he police are brtter off in New South Wales than they are in Victoria, and the Commissioner of Police in Victoria is trying to have the conditions of the service brought up to tho level of the Northern States. -o Nothing seems to work out right in the pastoral industry, except the prices of wool md stock-the pests are particularly in dicated. Owiug to drought the number of rabbits had Hwn considerably reduced about Wilcannis. This would seem to show that the drought was a blessing in disguise, or an unmixed blessing; but it really appeared to be a mixed sort of blessing, as rabbite being scarcer the foxes, described as plentiful, were expected to %&lt;i for the early lambs, and the dingoes also, if they could not make a square meal out of rabbits, would certainly give un welcome attention to the lambs. -o It ecems that a hotel keeper is Dot allowed to have an interest in more than one license-in New South Wales, anyhow. The Licensing Court at Sydney was tho other day dealing with a case in which a Newtown hotel keeper was charged with also having a beneficial interest in a hotel in Sydney, cn every day between the lOtli and 23rd ol Janu ary. Although the defendant pleaded not guilty the Court, after considerable evidence had been taken on both aides, unanimously found that he was so, and fined him per day for the thirteen days (15 unlucky days ?) mentioned in the information. This totalled £65, while costs were £12 123. It is said to be unlucky to walk under a ladder ; it is also sometimes unlucky to go anywhere near one. While a lineman was Axing a telephone wire in the 6;iluhrri'is town of Murtrillumbah (suppose it is "salu brious." but the word is merely used to embellish the phrase), and usiug a ladder 50ft. in length, a couple of dogs had a fight.. and while struggling in the good old way ic is the nature of dogs to do on such excitable occa sion!), the ladder was knocked down. As nothing is Slid about anything serious happen ing to the man at the top. he probably held on to his wires; but in falling: the ladder struclr an old man on the head, and he was sufficiently injured to require the services of a Joctor. He evidently had a more tender skull than the negro failor who, when a big pulley block fell on his head from where some men were doing repairs at the top of a mast, merely glanced up aloft and called out, indignantly, " New then, who's that a' spittin' ?" 