 WEATHER WARNINGS THE PROPOSED NORTHERN BUREAU. Mr. W. B. Nisbet. who has been in- teresting himself iIn the question of the establishment of a Northern Meteoro-. logical Bureau, durlng his recent visit to Melbourne, has written to the pre sident of the Chamber of Commerce (Mr J. N. Parkes) as follows:— 'Your letter of April 9 on the sub ject of the Weather Bureau, North Queensland, reached me on my arrival In Melbourne on April 17, and as my stay was likely to be short. I did not delay In setting to work on the matter, I saw the Under-secretary for Home Affairs, and discussed it with him. The Minister (Mr Kelly) had left for Sydney that afternoon, and was not returning till Monday. The Un der-Secretary could offer no opinion beyond that the Department had done all that was possible, and he sugges ted it would be well to iterview Mr Hunt, the Government Meteorologist, in order to come to some arrangement. Although Mr Hunt's views were well known, I did not think it wise to ob ject to this suggestion, and the ap pointment was made for 10.30 on Satur day morning. I found Mr Hunt still obstinately opposed to any modification of the existing arrangement of weather bureaus. He maintained that everything was being done that was possible, and the Brisbane office had full instructions to isue independent weather warnings as frequently as was thought necessary in times of ur gency, and that was all that was re quired. No argument I could use would obtain any further, conciliatory pro posal from Mr Hunt, and after an in terview lasting close upon two hours I stated my Intention to bring the mat ter directly under the notice of the Minister for Home Affairs. With re gard to employing Mr Clement Wragge to Issue independent forecasts during the cyclone season, Mr Hunt stated he would welcome such action on the part of the Northern residents as calculated to show how unnecessary such a sta tion was, and how we would get no more practical Information or warn ings than we are getting at present. This, I think, is seriously open to doubt. 'On Monday, April 20, I was able to arrange an interview with the Honor ary Minister (Mr Kelly), who has charge of the Department of Home Affairs. In order to support the case I asked Senator Givens and Hon. F. Bamford to accompany me, which they willingly did. Mr Hunt was present at the request of the Department. Senator Givens introduced the subject, and took the opportunity to point out the desirability of a. wireless station being established at cairns and Mackay to convey Information in case of the land lines falling. This was really foreign to the subject, -but the Minister accepted it as a means of combating the argument re failure or telegraphic communication. I advanced every reason possible why the North ern weather station was necessary, but after an Interview lasting three-quar ters of an hour, could only obtain a promise from the Minister that the matter would receive serious consider- ation, and the establishment of wire less stations at Cairns and Mackay would be strongly recommended to facilitate the transmission of observa tions and the Issuing of forecasts along the Queensland coast. I was asked by Mr Hunt to point out that his Depart ment had fully the Interests of North Queensland in mind, and to give the present system a trial to see how far his office was meeting the necessities of the case. 'There is no doubt that the Depart ment Is being entirely guided by Mr Hunt in this controversy, and I see no hope of any further concessions being made in that direction. Until this agi tation began there Is no doubt the Federal Meteorological Bureau existed chiefly for the southern traveller and pastoralist, and North Queensland was almost overlooked. This campaign has Improved matters somewhat, and some points have been gained which were at first refused, which shows continued agitation may gain still further advan tages. I would suggest If Mr Clement Wragge is in the neighborhood he might be Invited to meet the Chamber of Commerce or others Interested, and discuss the matter from a technical point of view, for it is with scientific points now that we are opposed by Mr Hunt, who uses arguments which obv- ously cannot be contradicted by the casual observer. A suggestion has been made to me that a concensus of opinion of the captains and pilots trad- ing on the Queensland coast would be valuable as to the desirability of ex hibiting storm warnings at all Im portant stations and lighthouses in case of dangerous weather conditions threatening.' 