 Cairns Chamber of Commerce. Monthly Meeting A Northern Meteorological Station. Some Interesting Correspondence. Health Matters in Innisfail District The monthly meeting of the Cairns Chamber of Commerce was held on Friday afternoon. Mr. T. H. Donald son presided, and there were also present Messrs. R. Sturt, H. Wilson, R. T. McManus, A. J. Draper, J. Smithers, and the secretary (Mr. E. S. Mann). The following matters were dealt with in the inward correspondence : From the Einasleigh Shire Coun- cil, enclosing a letter sent to the Postal Inspector, asking for an al- teration in the mail service to and from Cairns. The present service, it was pointed out, was unsatisfactory, as all stations west of Alma Den got practically only one mail a week each way. It was decided to refer the letter to the executive for reply, The 'Chillagoe ? Railway-" Traffic Man ? ager f wired : "Re. ; charge. Dimbulah, 'we Have made ño charge for re-book i lng at Dimbulah. I understand tho charge is made by some agent there. We only propose to charge for extra handling." .The following further wiro was also received : "If tho business people doing business with Mount Mulligan open ledger accounts at Dimbulah for the Mount Mulligan railway freights, thero need bo no agency charges. We will simply re- book in the usual way.4 From the secretary. Townsville Chamber of Commerce, enclosing a letter from Dr. Nisbet on the subject of a meteorological bureau for North Queensland. The letter read as follows : "Melbourne, April 21. The secretary. Townsville Chamber of Commerce,-Your letter of the 9th instant on this subject reached me on my arrival in Melbourne on Fri- day, April 17th, and as my stay was likely to be short, I did not delay in getting to write on the mat- ter.' I saw the Under Secretary for Home -Äflairs at 4 p.m.. and discuss ed it witt him. The Minister (Mr, (Kelly) had left for Sydney that afternoon, and was not returning un- til Monday. The Under Secretary could oller no opioion beyond that the Department had done all that was possible, and he suggested that it would be well to interview Mr. .Hunt, in order to come to some ar- rangement. . Although Mr. Hunt's views were well known, I did not .thin"; it wiso to object to this sug- gestion, and thc appointment was made for 10.30 the following Satur- day morning. I found Mr. Hunt still obstinately opposed to any modification , o^. tho existing arrange- ments of weather bureaus. He main- tained that. everything possible waa being done,.'and the Brisbane " office" had full instructions to issue inde- pendent weather warnings as fre- quently as was thought necessary, in times of urgency, and that was all that was required. No argument 1 could use would obtain any further conciliatory proposal from Mr Hunt, and after an interview lasting close upon two hours, I stated my inten- tion to bring the matter directly un- idor thc notice of the Minster for Affairs. With regard to employing Mr. Clement Wragge to issue inde- pendent weather forecasts during the cyclone season, Mr. Hunt stated ho would welcome such action on the part of the northern residents as cal- culated to ' show how unnecessary such a station waB, arid how . we would get no more practical infor- mation or warnings than we were getting at present. This, I thin'*, is seriously open to_ doubt. On Mon- day, 20th, I was able to crran<-e an interview with the Honorary Minis- ter. (Mr.! Kelly), who hos. charge of the Department of Home Affairs, for 3.15 p.m.. In order to support tho eise, I asked Senator Givens and tho Hon. F. Bamford to accompany me, which they willingly did. Mr. -Hunt was present Rt the rosiest of the Department. Senator Givens! intro ducsd the deputation, and took the opportunity to point out tho desira- bility of a wireless station being es tabli.=lud at Cairns and Mackay, .to con\ ey information in case of thc land lines failing. "Shis was really forcicn to the subject, but tho Minis- ter accepted it as a meajns of com- bating the argument re failure to telegraphic communication. I ad vanred every reason possible why tho Northern weather station was necessary, but aftsr an interview lasting three-quarters of an hour, could only obtain a promise from the Minister that the matter would receive serious consideration, and tho establishment of wireless stations at Cairns and Mackay would be strong- ly recommended to facilitate the transmission of observations and the issuing of forecasts along the Queensland coast. I was asked by Mr. Hunt to point out that his de- partment had fully the interests of North Queensland in mind, and to give the present system a trial to sej how far his office was meeting the necessities of the case. There is no doubt that the department is being entirely guided by Mr. Hunt in this controversy, and I see no hope of any further concessions being made ,in that direction. Until this agitation began there is no doubt the Federal Meteorological Bureau existed chiefly for, the southern, traveller and pns toralisl, and îtorth.- Queensland was «lniost'.'ovarloofcëd.'-. This campaign hos improved matters somewhat, nnd some points have been gained which were at first refused,' which shows that continued agitation may gain further advantages. I would sug- gest that if Mr. Clement IVragge is in the neighbourhood, he might be in- vited to meet tho Chamber of Com- merce or others interested, and dis- cuss the matter from a technical point, of view, for it is with scien- tific points now that we aro opposed bv Mr. Hunt, who uses arguments whirh obviously cannot bo contradic- ted oy the casual observer. A sug gestion has been made to me tha a consensus of opinion of the cap tains and pilots trading with th Queensland coast would bo val «able as to the desirability o exhibiting sform warnings at al important stations and lighthouses in case of dangerous weather condi tiens threatening. I would be ob liged if you would send a copy o this letter to the Cairns Chambei of Commerce, as I would like then to know that my eHorfs have no1 been directed to forwarding the in- terests of Townsville alone, but thc whole North Queensland eoast_ .Yours faithfully, ,\V, B. XISBET. The President said thav Mr. Car. ter, manager for Dalgety and Co., would move at the conference of Local Authorities to be held in Perth this month the following resolution : "That the Chambers of Commerce and Northern public being most con- cerned jn the cstablichment of a meteorological bureau /in North Queensland, with a view, to safe- guarding the public and shipping at sea ns well as in port during tïïo cy- clonic season of tho year by furnish- ing timely'* warnings (cyclones In the north ol Quocnslaiid being of-ann«,,! occurrence) the matter be urged upon the Minister for Home Affairs .-as of vital importance, and requiring the earliest attention, so that effect may be given thereto in Becember in an- ticipation of the season 1915." Mr. McManus moved that a letter of than' s be sent to Br. Nesbit and the Townsville Chamber of Com- merce, and that Mr. Carter be asked to represent thc Cairns Chamber of Commerce at the general conference to be held at Perth. The motion wac carried. Regarding the formation of com- mittees to deal with various matters affecting-the Chamber, between tho meetings, it was decided to ask the executive to furnish a report at the n-xt meeting. Mr. Sturt said ¡IP had recently visi t d thc Johnstone River district. There wns a disenso going about there eagled Sprue. His idra wa? to write to the Tropical Institute at Townsville, and ask if this was re I ceiving proner attention. He assured jjhem thüt the1 number of people i who had died ir0nv this disease, and the number who had suffered from it, would paralyse his hearers. In a i letter 1o the press some time ago, Dr. T.vrie had asked if those ir charge of the Institute of Tropical Diseases had ever given any advice .i the public or- doctors on various matters, and lhere was no answer, It would be interesting to know what the Institute were doing in this matter. He moved "That the sec- retary write to tho Institute oi Tropical Diseases at Townsville, and also the Townsville Chamber of Com- merce, regarding the possible spread of Sprue in the North, it being re- ported that it was somewhat com- mon in the Innisfail district, also suggesting that circulars be sent to various bodies dealing with the cause, treatment, and cure of this disease." Mr. Sturt added that he had been asked by some of tho In- nisfail residents to bring this matter before the Cairns Chamber of Com- merce, and felt he should do so. Mr. A. J. Draper seconded the motion, which was cArried. Tn response to a letter from the North American Manufacturers' Ex- port Association, it was decide-.' that the Chamber become an honor- ary member of that Association. This concluded the business. For Children's Hacking Cough at Night, Woods' Great. Pepperer! int Cure, 1/6 