 NORTHERN METEOROLOGICAL ; ;; , ; STATIONS Jii another place in this issue of the'. "Telegraph" will lie 'found an interview' with Captain ft. Irvine, of the steamer ' lnnaininclta, in which lie details the steps . that arc being taken in the north for the; establishment , of a thoroughly '-equipped', meteorological station at Cairns. ..On; several occasions tho "Telegraph" 1ms; urged, the federal authorities to establish , such a station; Northern Chauibcns of. Copunerce have vigorously supported tho , "Telegraph's" arguments,., and lengthy . communications have passed between those bodies and the Commonwealth meteorolo gist. For reasons best known to -himself, i Unit . officer' has consistently opposed" the' establishment ' of such station; though every experienced shipmaster, on the coast emphatically declares that the station Is- imperatively necessary/ As previously, pointed 'out liy the "Telegraph," Cairns is the centre of those cyclonic disturb ances, which arc such a menace, to coastal shipping during the first three months oi the year. Such disturbances come as regularly us do'.tliq months themselves, but information concerning, their approach Is supplied with corresponding irregularity. The result is that ships trading between the south and northern porta riovcr know when they may run into a terrific cyclone peradventure to bo utterly overwhelmed, ami they and. their precious freight ,of human lives, and merchandise, sent to the bottom nt tin!" sea. as was the . ill fated Yongala. The irregularity in ques tion is duo to the fact that, instead of there being a thoroughly equipped meteor ological station at Cairns, whence abso lutely reliable and right up to tho moment information could In; issued con cerning weather conditions, the meagre information collected by the meteorologi cal oltice in Melbourne is fil tered through by wire to Cairns. During the cyclonic season, telegraphic, communication with the north is most precarious, lor the line is constantly swept n way by fierce storms ; and by the time information reaches Cairns, ves sels that have left that port are , well out in tin: vortex of tho disturbance, tho approach of which should liavo been noti fied many hours before. According to Captain Irvine, who lias taken a lively interest in this matter, residents of Cairns- and Townsvillc have determined to take the establishment oi a thoroughly equipped meteorological sta-' tion at Cairns into their own hands. They liaVe decided to put up the neces sary money for equipping such station', and for paying a thoroughly competent meteorologist to lake charge of it. And it will not he surprising- to learn that lliey ' have secured the services of that acknowledged meteorological export, Air. Clement Wragge, whoso work, when in charge oi Queensland's meteorological bureau, was so eminently effective. liul: so far us this year's cveloriic season is concerned, the schema j.s a dav behind the fair. Thai, however, cannot he helped , for as Captain Irving points mil . uciiou lias been delayed be cause northern residents were Imping against Impc Mia I the Federal Govern ment would recognise I he necessity for I lie proposed station, However, by the end of this year,- I lie new station will lie ll.oroiighiy cqiiipued. and Air. Wragge will lie installed in charge. This is n eas-.: in proof of Hie help which providence gives .to .them .who help themselves ; hut why. should a matter so important as that now in question, lie left to private . en terprise ? In other w.onis, why should those who .pay towards this enterprise do so for tho benefit of the whole of the pooplc of Australia. These contributors j all are taxpayers to tho Commonwealth; thev pay towards the upkeep of mcteoro- . logical stations in other parts of Austra lia, many of which are declared ' to - he j quite superfluous. Yet, because, of the refusal- of the. Commonwealth ' meterolo- J gist to 'accept the opinion of the whole j army of shipmasters on tlio coast, every ' one of , whom, by reason of his . profes sion and training, is a meteorologist -; of no. mean order, declares tliat a meteoro logical station at .Cairns is an imperative necessity.!-. The people of Cairns and Townsvillc are forced to put. their hands in their own pockets, and provide for . themselves protection which, obviously, , it j it is the duty of'the. CommoiivvcaTth .Gov ernment to allord them, and, through , them, to all whom may travel along our j riorlhorn const, : either for busi- j ness or pleasure. The least that the ' Commonwealth meteorojo- j gist can do is to ' convince . the I Federal Government that his sole opinion I is of weight - greater than that of the I combined opinions of all of -the coastai shipmasters. Has he done that.'! 'Can ho' do it V: If lio Y-an, well and goo(J ; _.but 'the people of Cairns and Townsvillc ob viously'. demonstrate their confidence in the opinion of the shipmasters, by back ing it up with their own good cash to 'the tune of about -.£1,000. per year. Aloney talks. Tile whole of this business should be brought directly under the notice of the Federal - Cabinet. It is a matter of ! paramount importance, not onlv to! Queensland, as one of. the heaviest chntri- ( Ijtitors to Commonwealth, revenue, but to , the whole of Australia. And as such the Federal Chhinet should consider and1' de termine' on it. 