 The tilimate and Weather of Australia By Olemant Vragge, F.R.OA., fto. (Reproduced by permission to Mr. Wrasse from the Sydney Mail.) Article No. 2. In this— the second article of the series— the writer deals with some of the avoidable causes of drought) and gives much sound advice regard- I ing the effect of afforestation, ringbarlung, water conservation, and irrigation on local climate. He also suggests several important schemes that might be carried out in Australia, sucb as the damming i of certain rivers in New South Wales and Queensland. WE now come lo tbe iubjccts of forest coi strvancj. i ingbarkiiq:, water con servation, si'id i-rigauon in connection with climate A whole volume eiul.i le' written en tlic-se , subi«.cls. The ti-ecs of A 'sir, ilia are oil: or its greatest assets, and it is posiiivfiy heartbreaking ;o a lover of the be in tiful lo see over' vast acres of coun- liy gaunt weird, bleached trunks stretching out their arms to heaven" as if in mute protest against (be whole sale slaughter. Wc fully admit that land must be cleared lor agncul'.ural and1 residential purposes- let there is the right- way anil the wrong way in winch to no it, and the latter largely predominates. FORESTS PP'iV- ERFULI.V AFFECT AND MODIFY CLUMATU, .AND FORM PART OF NATURE'S ECONOMY in the great. Australian land. The fallen leaves form humus for tbe growth of swcit grass, and the roots, by 'binding the soil, prevent disintegration and denu dation by fioiui. In forest lands there should always t.c .grass and food for stock. To ruthlissl.v destroy our trees gui only spell mraster. One cannot disturl the equilibrium of Nature with out being paid out and charged com pound interest on the iransaetinn 111 the long run. Droughts in the past would not have beeit so severe but for the luibless destruction of the trees which render climate more equable and most surely lend to increas; Die rainfall, while keeping the 'soil from being linked by the .sun. Changes of temperature go on more slowly in forest country than in the open. Yet trees must be cut for timber— thai we fully allow— but for every tree cut cown, save in areas paniciilarly pastoral and agricultural, .-mother one shoild be planted, >a-id we regard Ar bor Pays as one of lire greatrs- insti tutions of the country. Take the arid plains of Spain, caused by forest delin eation, and let Australians learn the lesson. Generally semiring, clearing the land and ling-baikine for agri culture. SHOULD BE CARRIED OUP IN THE FORM OF A CIRCLE OIL OVAL, l-avinsr a broad belt of timber on cither sioe, with sheltering clamps hero and "there ill the middle. Pro tection would thus be aS'orded agair.rl the burning winds'lof summer and Die chilly blasts of winter, and th: clumps in the middle would afford .graf-d-il slaac for sheep and eifil'. Yet.. some people never pause to think, never excrctee the diviue faculties of mind; bu' tliey cut, slash, aad destroy as though the trees were the greatest enemies thev bad, instead of genuine friends. IRRIGATION. ft is hiehlv gratifying lo know of tbe splendid" irrigation werk carried- out in the Coulburn Valley, at Ren- mark ana Mildura. and of tr.o-e now under construction by tse New Seeih Wales Government. Woull that it could be continued to all the mriii river districts throughout the country! Water conservation to Australii, pro- vicing against drought tuue, is Sts very ealvatiou, and ALL IEtRlGM'ED lands should have a modified AND GENIAL LOCAL CLIMATE— A NEW CLIMATE, IN FACT, PRO DUCED b; THE ENERGY OF MAN. Let us give one instance ol work tnat sliouid yet be carried out— mere are many such. We mean the dimming of tho Warrego and hD irrigari-jo cf western South Qaeensland. What is now in draught time h burning wil derness, with the ugly black crows cawing the ciige o! i'-ath and disaster, could le converted into a miiature Nile Volley," and Oannamulli w;uid Llo-som as nil Elysian garden in aa irrigated Mesopotamia. Oranges, le mons, olix'5, vines, dates, banana', and many otlu-i luscious fruits could, by irrigation, be grown on too: wes'-rn plains with entire success Very gar- oens of Paradise would adorn the coun try, and an extreme climate would 1-e renaeieo more equable and delight ful. GET UP AND "DAM. The same is true of the Maranoj, Cbnr'amine, Barc>.«o, LaciUun, Darling, and olher districts: and if we were Prime Minister, w: shoali repeal ? law that hampered private entci'pri;:, an i should oiler a sutstanliil fTmu.; to all landholders who would coatii- buto their share towards tile cost of damming all the rivers and miin creeks. By suitable lo ks a ty stein of inland navigation could 1' ; man guratr-d, aDd "Die luscious pro-iuc.- brought down lev fleets of steamers to a harbour at . the "ilurray moiitn. ttience to be desjiatched to the markets of U.c world. This is no Utopia 1 dream; it can beeo.m; a very "reality when A STATESMAN is produced who will force the tiling throigli by lae very iMwer of the .master min i. Th -n the terrors of drought wall have eeared, and man wall have corns to his right ful inheritance. WORK IS LIFE, WOItX IS TRUE. PRAYER. AW.Vv wrrii stupid sufplio ations for BAIN AGAIN WtF, BAV, "GET UP AND DAM1' If Au.-lralia were uiju;r Amerii-au 01 Jaoa-ese rule -sucii irri gation works as. those instanced, ivould have teen done long agi. Irngab.-d lands alter the temperature and va pour tensions, increase hitni'iity, and modify burning -winds; an-l 6dbli, coupled with ti-ee-plantiog and forest conservapce, would render cjntin nital Australia one of ihe mast -harming countiios .if the world. Mors than (his, if a Roosevelt or a Taft were incar nated in this land Lakes Tbrr. n:, Eyre, Gairiner, and Amadeus Wo.il.1 be con nected with toe sea, aid all diffi culties t»f level overcome, as in the case of the Panama Canal. Of course, it wotld mean moiey; b-jt money is only mtans to an end', by the right use of which human life is lejtsrqd, and the money would' lie forthcoming and yield ample results. Then indeed would climate b; in.prwoi, and the arid' wastes or the interior converted into an Eden. Very much more might bo raid about climatology ; lilt this cectioii must now: close. OLK OLIMATOLOCilCAL BELT?. Before proceeding to summarise the work of ordinary forecasting, it might ho well to give a list of tne V> main climatologicaj Belts, regions, or zones, that influence lb? climates of Australia. They .are;— 1 The west ern Ml of Cpe York Peninsula; &lt;?, tbe eastern half of Can: York Pe ninsula; 3, the seaboard betw -.m Ctiok- toivi. and Cleveland Bay; 4, the hills i clween COoktown atv.l the 17th parallj loraeiiag tlie sea.; 5, inland districts of Queensland north from lati'ude 17 cleg. 8, including the plains ot Car pcniaria; 6, the "littoral between _ Gape OlLVciami and ti.e Tropic of -.'apricoru; 7, liiliv districts near the sea between the jiaraliel of Cape Cleveland and tne Tropic: 8, inland" and western dis tricts or Ciu.'iiisl.i.id .south from the 17ik parallel, tliencc to th: Tropi-' ; 9, tne coast strip between Cape Capri- carii and the Clarence River; 10, th: coast hills between the Tropic aria the Clarence, including the Blackall Ran- g'.s : 11, inland .ind western Queens land from tbe Tropic : 12, t!.e .coast stnji letween the Clarence .and Mo- ruva (including Sidney and the Ilia -.Tana) - lo, tiv. New England dis trict ami adjacent features: II, the l.:il coastal zone between New Eng land and Queanbeynn (including inoii - ficalions in the Blue Mountains): 15, the inland districts of New South Wales . 16, the coast Lttwc.ai Moruya and Ctipe llowc; 17, Monaco, Kosciusko, and the alpir.e region; 18, Gippsland; 19, si- land Victoria- 20, the" coast iiclt of wtsiern Victoria; 2l, the north coast of Tasmania : "22, the east coast of Tasmania ; 23, tbe south coisl of Tas mania; 21, Mount Wellington and ad jacent hills; 25, the Myrtle scrolls and west coast of Tasmania; 2G, central Tasmania, 27, the Iters and northern mountains of Tasmania; 28, the coasts of -South Australia east from the meri dian of Port Lincoln ; 29, the hills of South Australia, including Meant Lofty, the Gawler, Barossa, an-l' Flind ers Ranges; 30, the maltoe sera: gene rally: 31, the inland plains of South Australia south from the Tropic; 32, the coii.-t ret ween Port Lincoln and Eucla; 33, the i-oati between Eucla and Albany; 31, the jarrah forests and south-western corner of Western Aus tralia; 35, inland Western Australia south from ibe 30th parallel ; 36, the coast lelt hrluveii Perth and the Tro pic: 37, inland Western Ajslralia be tween Jfldeg. S and the Tropic of Cap- rieo-n; 38, the coast of Wester l .Aus tralia tetween the 'fropie and1 the 17th parallel; 33, inland Wcstero Australia within the -last-named limits; 40, the toast of Western Australia north from the 17th uar.tilel; 41, inland Western Australia, ' north from the 17th parallel; 42, the coast of the Northern Territory ; 43, inland district# of the Territory north from latitude 17deg. S; 44, the western coast of the Gulf of Carpentaria; 45, the table lands and steppes of Central Aus tralia. ORDINARY FORECASTING. The meteorologist's -duty is to issue ordinary forecasts of the weat jer. Thsse slioild cover periods of ?4 hours 'to a week in advance, and be fulfilled wilt, an accuracy of 95 per cent. Owing to' ..the geographical position of Australia the -jyork of ordinary wea ther forecasting- is rendered far less iiffkifit ttar. in the .noriljern hemis phere. The country is governed 'by two main types of atmospheric dis tin-nance — the anticyclonic or high pros- sure system and' the cvclonic or low pressure. Not that a cyclone neces sarily means a hurricane; it is a technical term (just as if a geologist were to go into the road and pick Up a har.oful (Of dirt he would call it '"rock"), and merely implies low pres sure THE MAIN ATMOSPHERIC WAVES SWEEP. ACROSS AUSLRALIA FROM WEST TO EAST, and as there ar: troughs and crests in the waves of the c-ceau so there ar: in the at mosphere. The tiopiral hurricanes or cyclones proper usually approach from nortn- east towards south-west, and recurve lowai-ds south-east between the paral lels of 13 and' 26 degrees, as the suns southern declination decrease, and oWr ing to rarefied: atmosphere becoming jammed or wallea in by nnti-cyclonic crc-sts. Stations for the securing of forecasting data are known 'as first order ana second order. They' should be scattered all over the country, and not farther apart than 100 miles. In audition to the instruments employed at climaiologieal stations each one must Le supplied with the noblest of all meteorological "instruments, the .stand- am- mercurial barometer, which may be either of the Portia or Board of Trade, pattern, and first-order stations- must -also be fitted' witn a barograph, thermograph, and hygro graph for re gistering in aniline ink, by dlock work motion, ever/ variation coniinoouslv "in pressure, temperature, and tioinid.ty. Anemometers .of wind recorders are also advisable, but not irntierati'-e: and observations should be taken at 3 ajm- 9 a.m, 3 p.m., and 9 pan. at the early liour by scir-recorrters to avoid interference with ih" observer's rest. CARE OF BAROMETER. Siauard barometers are most deli cate instruments, and tne transporta tion. and1 final .fixing of such an one at an out-station aeuianis the utmost care. Nursing a recalcitrant baby Is nothing compared to carrying a ba rometer on horseback or on ibe top of a co'ach to "a fair distant outpost. Wc had' enough of this when originally fencing Carometic stations through Crijte York Peninsula and in the wipis of the "Nevc-r-Nev.-?," whence fore casting data are flow: derived daily nr.cicr the newl regime. IT an in fant receives a snake, it will cry and1 get over it. Not so the barometer. When not in active use it must he carried! cistern end up, and Ihe slight est jar may caus; air ilumat.ilv. to viiiato what is technically known as the torricellian vacuum. Thus the in- str-jtunt, which reads to -thousandths of an inch, by improper handing may become useless for scientific work; ana even when finallv lung, in posi tion it sbould: 'be caret iRy protected By a wire guard. A damaged baro meter giving wrong readings might se riously vitiate a forecast on .which momentous interests depend. The pub lic have too idea of Die cnormo >s -la bour and responsibility in th.s re gard attaching to the writer when fixing such -instruments in the back- blocks, and' of tbe keen joy experien ced when tbe barometer -was' finally fixed, as- at Boulia. - And never nhal we forget safely laming the barometer: on the very suiuuiQ. of KoEciuskn. Then oteqrvere have, to be taught; i-kotf1 ultimately become . as a trained "barometer nurse." This work be came the foundation ot the present wi-»attor service. All that has been said with regard to management and inspection applies with special force to these stations, whence data are telegraphed to the t«-ad ofitee for Die preparation of the weather chart, on which the dallv forecasts are based. 