 GENERAL NEWS. FINE AND COOL. There was a gradual cooling down of thf weather dirring the week-end. and last night was chilly. In the city the highest shade tcmpei-atures were 81.7 deg. on Satur- day- and 79.8 deg. on Sunday. The thun dcrshowers that fell on Friday were light lo heavy, but. as is usual with thunder- storms, the falls were of a patchy nature. The heaviest official registration was 1.44 in. at Kapunda. Meadows registered 1.4 in., Wolseley 1.2 in., Gawler 1.15 in., and Macclesfield 1.07 in. Further useful rains were recorded in New South Wales on Satnrday morning, the whole State partici- pating, except the far weston and southern border districts. Light to moderate rain, with thunderstorms, also occurred at many stations in Victoria. The Government Meteorologist stated last night:-"An anti- cyclone has occasioned the cooler breezes that blew during Sunday afternoon, and their direction and the rapid 'rise in the Adelaide barometer show that the system is passing eastward rather quickly. Under the influence of this high the weather may be expected to remain fine over the central State with cool to moderate temperatures."' WELCOME TO DR. MAWSON. A special congregation of the Adelaide University will be held to-day at the Elder H-all at 2.15 p.m. to welcome Dr. Mawson. Graduates are asked to wear academic dress and to .issemble in the concert hail at 2 p.m. The Chancellor (Sir Samuel Way) and the "members of the council and senate and. professorial staff will march in pro- cession to their seats. The Chancellor will be accompanied by the Preni'er (Hon. A H. Peake). So soon as thev are seated the Governor-General (Lord Denman) and the Minister of Customs (Mr. Groom) will be conducted to the platform by the Vice Chancellor (Dr. Barlow) and Mr. Justice Murray. The Chancellor will extend a welcome lo the Governor-General, who will deliver an address, and the Premier and the Minister of Customs will also speak. Then the Chancellor will confer the degree of doctor of science (ad eundem) on Professor Orme Masson, who is acting chairman of the Mawson expedition committee > and president of the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science. Professor Masson will deliver an address, after which Dr. Mawson and Captain Davis, of the Aurora will speak. Presidents of societies and other bodies participating in the wel- come ?will be accommodated with seats on the platform. As the Governoi>Gerieral is to leave for Melbourne bv the afternoon's express train it is expected that the pro- ceedings will be concluded by 4 o'clock. SHOW WEEK.« The Autumn Show of the Royal Agricul- tural Society is likely to attract the usual crovvds to the city. To-dav the steady flow of country visitors will begin in ear- nest, and before the end of the week the hotels and boardine-houses will probably all be well filled. The show will be opened on Thursday, and will be continued on Fri- day and Saturday. THE POPULATION' OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The Government Statist, Mr. L'. H. Sholl, has issued a tabulated statement showing the estimated population of South Australia on December 31, 1913. The total popula- tion at the beginning of the year 1913 was' 430,090, made up of 218,613 males and 211,477 females, and the table shows the total to have increased to 440,044, made up of 221.G"2 males and 218,442 females. The births dur- ing the year numbered 12.627 (6,505 males and 6,122 females), and the deaths 4,tS)3 (2,563 males and.2,130 females). The total number of arrivals during the 12 months was 115,461, of whom 8,337 were from over- sea, and the total number of departures 113,441. The increase by migration is thus 2,020, made np of a loss of 953 males and a gain of 2,973 females. The natural increase has been 7,934 (3,942 males and 3,992 fe- males). It is estimated that 6,040 persons have arrived from the United Kingdom and British possessions during the year ami 2,652 have departed for the same countries, making a gain for South Australia in this direction of 3,988. The total of foreign arrivals is 1,697, and of departures to foreign countries 1.002, making an increase in population of 695. The figures showing inter-State migration are of exceptional in- terest. From New South Wales 37,901 per Cl"." I,. sons have arrived and that State lias claimed 39,607 South Australians, with the reFult that this State loses to the extent of 1,610. In the exchange with Victoria the loss is nearlv as great, there having been 59,559 arrivals from and 60,835 depai tures to that State. Queensland has claimed 197 South Australians, and only responded with 75 Qucenslanders: but the exchange with Western Australia has been more satisfactory. 9,476 persons having arrived from and 9,148 departed for the West. There have been 23 arrivals from Tasmania. and no South Australians have gone to that island to take their places. The total inter-State loss is 2,663. In the two pre- vious years the population of South Aus- tralia increased to a greater extent by im- migration than in 1913: in 1911 to the ex- tent of 4,285, and in 1912 to the extent ot 4,175. In 1913. as has already been pointed out, th&lt;? increase was only 2.020. -.« «,,m^"T,T,T,' rmr»r-iTT-nrr-n» THE BUTUHJSK& J-líDUU-i-.. ""There is no new development in the local butchers' trouble," said the Hou. A. W. Styles, when asked how the matter «tood on Sunday. He went on to state that nothing further would be known con- cerning the position till to-night, when a meeting of the board of management repre- senting the employes wiQ be held. The employers will also meet to-day. Mr. Styles, however, expressed Idmself as exceedingly hopeftd that a satisfactory arrangement wonfcl be concluded. "I doirt think there w31 be any difficulty," ho added. A LEGISLATOR IN A FEX. On Friday Mr. A. W. lobinsón, of Balak- lava, a vice-president of the Liberal Union; Mr. G. Wiesner, pre-dent of the Eudunda branch; and Mr. O. H. Dal13t, ALP., started from Eudunda in a motor car with tho object of addressing a meeting of the union at Robertstown. The rain was falling heavily, and when the party reached Point Pass they found that it waa impossible to go farther along the ma road, as the creeks were running so high. The schoolmaster at Point Pass (Mr. P.T3. Paech) landry lent them a pair of ponies and a vehide, in which they travelled along the back road. They had not gone more than 1} miles, however, when the ponies in attempting to cross a creek, which is one oí the tributaries of the Brady River, sank np to their bellies in mud,- and the y_ócíci;becaine. eo bogged that it was impossible to move it. The I edges of the creek, which runs through a fallowed field, had washed away. Messrs. Robinson and Wiesner at once jumped out .sinking in mud up to their knees, but Mr. Duhst was more cautious, and he first removed his boots, socks, and trousers» Clothed in a long overcoat he waded ashore carrying the other garments in his arms. The efforts of the party did not avail, to move the vehicle, and assistance liad to be sought from a neighboring farmer. That gentleman brought out a heavy draught boree and a supply of shovels and other implements with which to dig the vehicle loose. Then after working for 11 'hours tlia draught horse hauled it and tile ponies out of the creek. "Unfortunately there was no camera with which to get a snapshot of the legislator with an overcoat clinging, to his len ces, and his companions, like him- self, dreiiehedwith rain and thickly splashed with mud. The party continued their jour- ney till they came to the Brady, which was running several chains wide on its way to join the Julia. There they decided that discretion was the better part of valor, and thej- abandoned their con- templated journey and returned to Point Para. They then learned of- the drown- ing of Messrs. Rcuther and Richter in the Julia, which they would have had to cross at night if they had-gone on as was intended from Robertstown to Auburn, to be present at a meeting concerning the guarantee poll in connection with the Riverton to Spalding railway. They learnt that copious rains had fallen at Marrabel, and all through the other parts of the country as far as Kapunda, and tfiat there had been a slight washaway on the rail w-ay line at Fords, where a locomotive en ginediiver was drowned as the result of the great floods last March. The farmers were kind to Mi-. Duhst and his comrades, whom they assisted in every possible way even to the extent of washing their feet and cleansing their clothes. The party re- turned to Eudunda at about 4 o'clock. A NEW COASTAL STEAMER. On January 24 a new steel steamer, tie Kapara, was launched at the yard of. Messrs. John Crown & Sons, Sunderland.' . Our London coi respondent writes:-She was built to the order''of the Adelaide Steam Tug Company, and is of the following di menáoDs:-Length, 195 ft.; breadth, 32 ft.; moulded depth, 13 it. 9 in. She baa been constructed to tho highest class Lloyds under their special survey, and und&lt;r the ?versonal superintendence of -Mr. James Stewart, C.E., of Newcastle-on-Tyne. She is 1.100 tons d.w. all told, and has engines supplied by Messrs. McColl & Pollock, of Sunderland, to steam 8 knots. The stea> mer is intended for the coastal trade oí South Australia. Messrs. Elder. Smith, and Co., of London, have acted as business agents for the owners, and the boat was christened with a bottle of Australian wine by Mrs. H. M. Orr, wife of one of the managers. THE ENGLISH MALL. On Friday the commander of the P. &, O. liner Medina advised by wireness his pros- pective arrival at the Outer Harbor at 9-30 a.m. on Saturday. At that hour the steamer was swinging opposite her berth. The voyage out was quite of the ordinary, type, except that communication was estab- lished with Cocos Island, and the staff of the Eastern Telegraph Company was pro- vided with reading matter sent ashore in a barrel. Prompt attention was given to the mails for Adelaide and the eastern States, the latter being forwarded by the after- noon express. ' The Medina left for Mel- bourne at about 4.30 p.m. DISTRICT TRAINED NURSING SOCIETY. Previously the method adopted by the Hindmarsh branch of the District Trained Nurses' Society for raising funds was by means of continentals, fairs, and visiting the residents in their homes, but on Friday evening a departure from this procedure was made, in the shape of a street collec- tion. * Lady assistants^ elad in neat white costumes, were at every street corner and at the railway-station and the tram ter- minus, and their courteous appeals could not be resisted. The result was very gratifying to the committee. Misa Scriven is the secretary and Mr. G. E. Freeman, | assistant secretary. ' CENTENARY OF AUSTRALIAN METHODISM. The representative session of the Metho- dist Conference will resume its work this morning at 10 o'clock, and in the after- noon will pay its annual visit to Prince Alfred College, The evening will be de- voted to the inaugural demonstration in connection, with the centenary of the Church's History' in tlie southern world. On August 10, 1815, the Rev. Samuel Leigh arrived from England and organised the fir^t church of the "people called Methexlists" in Sydney with some 20 membeis, and so great has been the ex- pansion that there are now over 1.200 ministers, and the church membership reaches 163,000. Fittingly to celebrate the occasion, the Conference has decided upon a bold poKcv of advance, both in the direction of still further increasing its membership and by raising funds for im- portant connexional interests. The Cele- brations will extend over two years at least, during which time representatives of the Church in all parts of the world will vjgic Australia, bringing fraternal 'greetings from 'the Conferences to which they belong. The "mother church" in England-tlie British Wesleyan Confe- rence-has already appointed the Rev*. Luke Wiseman, B.A., its delegate for 1915, and the" MetLodißt, Church in Canada, the Methodist Episcopal Church of thei United states, and others will in due time announce their selections. Under these circumstances the demon- stration of this evening is one of unusual interest, and will no doubt be largely attended. tll/LUllUCU. SCARCITY OF VEGETABLES. Owing to the hot, dry season the supply of vegetables for the Adelaide market has fallen far below the demand for some weeks past, and the shortage is becoming more seriously felt as the summer advances. On Saturday morning Mr. H. J. Bishop, of the firm of Silbert, Sharp, & Bishop, stated that there had not been such a shortage as existed at present at any time during the last bix or eight years. This was due to the dry season and the ravages of blight of one kind and another. As a consequence prices were unusually high. Cabbages, for instance, were selling at 5/ a dozen, and bunched vegetables, such as parsnips, car- rots, and turnips, 2/ a dozen bunches. These prices were higher than he had known them for at least five years. The quality in all varieties of produce was also considerably below the average. Beans were realising from 4d. to 6d. per pound, and unless there should be a good downfall of rain to set the early crops going he could see na prospect of an improvement for some time to come. Large quantities of melons, pumpkins, and tomatoes had been sacrificed, as growers could not get suf- ficient water to bring them to maturity, even when they were in a well-advanced stage of development. THE ARMY AND THE Y.M.CA. The following letter has been received by the general secretary of the Y.M.C.A. from Lieutenant-Colonel Miell, officer in com- mand of the recent Light Horse military camp held at Jamestown:-"I wish to ten- der your excellent association my sincerest thanks for the splendid work done by your worthy representatives at my regimental camp held at Jamestown during the last eight days. After 21 years of peace and war service I have no hesitation in saying that your work is the most beneficent and elevating influence that has been brought into the service during my career. Our defence forces do not compare numerically with the countlees millions of our possible enemies; it is therefore essential that our troops should be mentally, morally, and physically, far superior to their foes. We are aiming for a high moral for the army, and your organisation is a very powerful influence for good in raising the standard of the manly fellows in the forces/' MR. (^«EMENT WRAGGF/S PRO- PHECIES. Mr. Clement Wragge, the well-known meteorologist, is in Tasmania, and thence he sends us the following extract from a lecture he delivered at Port Cygnet .last wreck:-He forecasted in 1904, and re- peated it in 1906, that the rainfall in Aus- tralia as a whole in 1912 and 1913 would be under average; in other -words, there would bo drought. He did not say that the nnder-avenige would be as bad as it was in 1902, because the moon has been and is 8tDl gcdug towards the sun, -which musr, cause bitcTvening rain; but that interven- ing rain notrwithstaiiding, the rainfall generally has been under the average. Com- ing to rho present time, he said that 11)1-4 will still be marked by what Australians call drought; but the dipught so called of this - year should not be so bad a-~t 1913. Conditions were rmpToíing, and in 1915 would still be improving. By the end of 1915 the rainfall should be up to the average. In 1916 and on to 1920 he forecasted good seasons; 1321 and 1922, falling off; 1923 and 1924, bad drought; 1925-6, improv- ing; 1£E7 .to 1930, .good,, seasons. 