 *: o ; MR. WRAC-GE AND THE ->/ / SUNSPOTS. In these days, when those once ho nored prohpets of the weather—the -gorns and gouty limbs of our eiders— have given place to scientific fore past, the farming community hangs yrith hated breath upon the utteran ces of the experts. The Auckland "Star," copies of kwhich arrived by the s.s. Riverina, in terviewed Mr. Clement Wragge, F.R.G.S.—the one-time Queensland Government Meteorologist, andi the foreteller of the disastrous Australian droughts—at his home at Birkenhead the other day. Mr. Wragge willingly acquiesced when asked if he would venture a forecast. The celebrated weather ; prophet lives in intimate communion with the weather portents.- An odd looking barometer was at his elbow in his queer, workshoplike study; shelves of meteorological tomes lined the room. Outside was a boxlike structure which, to the uninitiated, might have been a meat safe or a bird cage. It was, in fact, a minia ture observatory, in which clock-work and electrical instruments registered the vagaries of -the atmosphere, or turned turtle, by an alarum arrange ment, to tell the state of the temper ature at a given time o' nights. The meteorologist fetched a huge telescope, formidable as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting, rays of the sun, and allowed a bright half crown^ of light from the lens—the photograph of the sun—to play on a white blotting pad. * - "No sunspots and no rain just yet," was his rueful verdict. "I've been expecting one just lately. It should appear to-morrow or the next day on the edge of the sun, and when it works to the centre, conditions will be favorable to rain." -The prophet next gave the "baro meter a professional rap, jotted down a figure, and dubiously said, "Umpli." ( Producing a chart of the Australian regions, he went outside to test the direction of the wind and to find the lay of the low atmosphere pressure region, and then commenced to rapidly draw wavy "isobars" on the chart. Mr. "Wragge has computed fore casts for the seasons of Australia up till 1930, and these, he says, are ap plicable to New Zealand, with slight modification, owing to physical and geographical reasons. During 1914 and part of 1915, he says, the rainfall, taking Australia as a whole, will be under the average. This by no means implies that there will be no rain. On the contrary, good inter vening rains will occur, and the last part of this period will be better than the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards, the rainfall will markedly increase, and from 1916 to 1920, in clusive, the seasons will be distinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to steadily fall off, and the worst part of the next great "under-average" pe riod will be 1923 and 1924. Austra lians will be justified in calling that a drought. In 1925, mat- i ters will begin to improve, and good j season^) will prevail from 1926 to 1930 These forecasts, explained Mr. Wragge, are mainly based on the physical condition of the sun with respect to its maxima and minima moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we are nearing the en,j of the solar minimum—or the period when the fearful cyclonic \$inds around the sun, of which we on earth had no conception, were least violent. a The maximum period would com mence at the end of 1915, and until then, although he did not expect the I seasons to be so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must not be an J ticipated. Intervening rains in New Zealand should give a heavier fall in 1 Australia. In the droughts he pre dieted, New Zealand would not suffer to tlie same extent as Australia, ow ing to its climate being insular, whereas that of the latter was con tinental. 