 Northern leteorologicai Station. Pibifc Meeting ii Cains. Federal 6fl«roBHit to bi Igiio I In response 'toa request - from the ¡Cairns Chamber of Commerce, the Mayor (Aid. C. McKenzie) convened a public meeting at the Council Chambers on'Wednesday afternoon to discuss the'question of the establish- ment ¿Ta Meteorological Station in No rifa Queensland, The Mayor pre- sided, and there were .also present : Messrs. J. Alison, E. S. Mann,- ' Jv; Carlile. S. H. Warner. T. H. Donald- son. W. H. J.'Mayers, Rev. J. Kirke, Dr Tyrie, and J. R. Craig. Aa apo-j logy for absence^ was received from-; Mr. As J. Draper, who was attending . the Northern Sugar Workers Board. I The Mayor in opening th« meeting said : We ¿re perfectly satisfied that it is necessary ia the interests of lila and limb, and the protection of gen I eral property, that there should be a I meteorological station eatabliahea . ia 'North .Queensland. The sparse. ._at-_ tendance; thia ait«rao«».-:»>%»* ss/isaj. counted Jbr hy th», fact. that JÙ. Cfev ment-Wragge;. the ; renowned meteoro- logist, to whom everyone looks - ; for general", information, will not be here until some time in April. I under- stand ,he is. coming hera to lecture on the matter,, and after that we may possibly, call another public meeting and be able to decide best where is the most suitable place f or a meteo rdogtail station. /We are really in the bands of experts, and when Mr. Wragge is here we will .form a ' better idea of the whole toing. . I would now. ask the representatives of the Cham. ber of Commerce' to move the resolu- tions they have decided upon. Dr. Tyrie: Before the -motion is 'put I saw a statement that there was a barograph in Cairns. -Where is it ?' .. ; . ?,- ;?"' The Mayer : At the -Post pSce. The Secretary ol the Chamber ol Commerce then' read a letter received recently from "the Townsville^ Met- eorological ' Bureau, which"' 'stated' that thc question of the establish oaant.of a Northernmeteorvlogicai sta. tion had been engaging the attent- ion of the Townsville Chamber . ol Commerce, tia shipping community, and others for some time. As - th« cyclone season wea advanced, - : and the Commonwealth Government had written stating they could not. es- tablish a mctetoMogical ' station ia North Queensland;, it was considered necessary to take"- prompt independa ent actiop. A public meeting called by the Mayor on January -22nd had been'very largely attended, and it was unanimously resolved to estab- lish a meteorological bureau al Townsville. A committee had - beet iomud^^^.-WMsie1 bad tass»' in- vited to come to North Queensland and take charge. The trustees of th« Yongala" fund had decided to -'offal £100 towards the project- "A tele gram had been sent to the Postman 1¡er General and Prime Minister ask inb that ? weather telegrams be sent to the bureau free of charge- It waa estimated that the coat of the Bur- eau would not exceed,.,£400* duriag I the present ;cyclone »eaeon. ¡The operation-JO!-Cairns was invited. -- ? . A. second letter from the - same source under date Jeauary 2oth stay-' teda cable had been sent to Mr. Wragge offering him £20 weekly to come and take charge during the cy- clone ssasoa ana a reply bad been received from him stating it was im- possible foe him to do so this season, but mentioned that he would' be lec- turing in North Queensland in April when. tte matter could be ' placed on a sound basis. The letter - from Townsville further "mentioned that although' a good start had been mad« it was. hoped to further the "object desired by the fullest co-operation be- tween Cairns ? and Townsville- " Dr. Tyrie : On lo0»ing round tha room I see the banking and commer- cial .interests represented here: Be- fore a motion is moved r think;/ it should be known bow much support those interests are going to 'give tc th» nwii^ct. . . T Mri " J..AIim>:-.The>matter-t> baa' baen altered Eomevbat owing ' ito Mr- Wragge finding, himself unable ? i to accept the o3er made by the Townsville people.' I -wou]d suggest that;': we get ' in touch w tb our ,Tmd «ral members ol Parliament r and ask them to urge the fWmü omm. man*-t* " appoint Hr. Wragge- met- eorologist in the-Vorth - during . the cyclone season. Mr. Bunt, the GOOK monwaalth Meteorologist, . came to Cairns and we .inter-, ijsïéd him, but he went south and seemed to carry, more weight than we did, with the result that "tb* Federal Government acting, on nia - advice," «an^;&lt;terei . ir; waa Vunnecesisary.. to have a/meteor«) logical station establiabed in Worth i Queensland. " We think' differently. WV should approach .the Federal Guv- ! ernment through our members . and . trv- and irjf use a I jttle; enthusiasm ir ito the Powers that 'Be', 'and ses - il we;caMot; secure the- appomtmeat yt Mil ' Wta^ge" next ^äi^l^^UV^ mw*" «ae-ià appfoacfebv; tbè »e*rTnl eoneerned, but I-do think * W ahoii) j J¿:«ép;.*'íi^ j»BT^*Qiiewa^ noticed in the press that the Post- master has received advice ih£t when conditions are suspicious tele-i grams are to be exchanged ttï-t ween ' stations7' that'lié* alane ?'.the '"' ir-umf ¡ frota -Sea Hill' to rThun=day It'i-nd. The 'raeré tact of excnangiog tele- grama -betweeav-thea« ' stations »s n» nae -to tte reeideme orcair^. we do not /pose as veatacr esperta : «..d would not know ' what to mace cf th e 'telegrama.»when-"we'ieeeHed -them. ; pr. Nisbet has informed mo - that ¿340, iq f sjsj proinnwit toward proposed meteorological statte, bnf unfortunately, owing-. to ? the ' fact that Slr. Wragge cannât come, 'Do thing can be'doner till next year. ' Dr. Tyrie :"" Surely' if 31 r. Wragge cannot come someone else can ta&é tie position. Mr. Donald-son : I think we should go bald-headed for the Federal Goy eraihent. " : ' ? '. Dr. Tyrie ; Go. bald-beaded your- self and do some thing. - (Mr. Donaldson : We should agitate for-a wireless station straight away. There is no ' possibility of a meteoro logcal station being estnblished herf straight away. What is the use ot having suena station if Cairns baa no wireless, and .Cannot - get into coamunTcation with other places. You laow that, telegraph linea ar« frequently ? down in the wet - -season,, also in the dry .season, when ' there are bush fires. - All the ? meteorologic- al stations in the ' world 7will' be of no use 'to you ; unless - the liñes . : ' are working.- . I wocla-Tike'to see ? a'hugp petition from all'the residents of Cairns asking for a wirelesr station hera. A .station' with a radias of 200 ror 300 miles would be sufficient. Dr. Tyrie : I agree with Mr. Alison and . Hr. Donaldaon. - BO Jar M the \ wireless sutton is. - etmeerned, ' but when ii comes to the meteorological station it is another matter.&lt; Y«( take the interests represented by Mr Alison and Mr. Donaldson. , You al 'insure against fire and other things, but why don't-you insure against cy. Idónic damages? T/hy not plank down thc dollars'? lt is purely a.'cap- italistic thing from end to'end. - ? ' ? JJ tue cost -were split up amongst you ii would be a very, small thing. I dc not see why. you. should/not. instit ulra wireless amongst yourselves. The Mayor : I agree with Mr. Al ¡sou that the matter has ehaarx through the fact that Mr. Wraggi cannot accept the position offered t&lt; him. I think the best thing irs to move a resolution that this meetinj whilst in accord with everything tba had been said in connection with thi establishment cf a meteorological sta tion, remains in abeyance until Mr Wragge has visited North. .Queens- land. ' I will move to that effect mj self. -' . Mr. Alison : I think., ve should .' write to' our Federal members . and se? what, can be, done. We- can men-, tion Mr. Wragg-3, :but if the .GOVT eminent have another man, good J nd welt We want a meteorological Sta- tionen .the "North, and this .- ;puolic,i meeting should take tike opportunity of passing a resolution to bring the matter before the . Government.,, 1 do nat see why the Northern people should sit down and'do nothing. The Mayor : This meeting waa cal- led for the purpose of V encouraging' a meteorological station in the Nort.1 whiefi. is'to be commenced, I under- stand, ; by private enterprise. ' Sup pow rouoffer. tha;(o&lt;IUon to Jfr. Wngp onay oüw .»»>. Il aartuia'; say reputation - to loose; he ¡a not; going to come up her for six months and then lose his position for the re- mainder of the .year.:- -V; .' -Mr. Donaldson : Mr.. Wragge wants to come here for four months. . The Mayor : Perhaps he does and perhaps he does not. If - you -offer, hin* a -(ive:months',engagement * he might., take ¡t. My opinion is.that it ia better to leave the matter in abey ance .for the time being, or else, as Mr. Alison has suggested, write and ask the Federal Oovernment to 'ta*-» tnéSni»tter:"up.:çf ;í ¡5;'. vrA:-/ -:.Xr.yAliénai Mr. Wrag(¿ preiniaed .-'Th*'¿»aj©rr I*ew>^»»--;iwii»»*l. jtgfjgia^ it"í«r better to adjäiA*;-'tfa«f^iB«etmK7 ;tiil-Ve Iw atr.Wi^ fö«»lc. t,W»: 'thesabicct. , , _\A\ '. Mr. Donaldson r I»j¿jinclaVor^-©í writing to the authorities. - One. rr» I son Mr. Hunt, adducal- agaiast .;. " the establishment;of'..'»j meteorological station ¡ in ¿the -Nor« »as the -i pop* ulation-'.basie. iHe sid. tbe-populat ton dad act waiTarntlaacá; a station, and it' wojld be es*blishing a'pre oadentv - To my .mint that argument bas failed beeaose. t^ce toes I hear that a ? wireless stai>n baa bee» ea tabhahed at a plac4ralled Mscausrie Island: 1 do not af where the - pop- ulation Mmes in thfe- I tain* "we Should qsote tba» i ow letter. Tbs subject is onè* which should interest all parts of Australia, because south- ern, people haye many interests in the North. I move that we write ito the Federal Government and ask that a mejeorolobical station be estab- lished in the North, also that ~ We consider Mr. Hunt's' argument about the- population basis is void. - TheMayorr jam willing to drop my resolution. Mr. Donaldson : I have followed th's matter very closely and I- con j sider we should-have a station in North« Queensland. ' " Mr. Alison seconded th» motion, moved by Mr. Donaldson. t Dr. Tyrie : I will move an amend- ment that action be delayed until a canvas bas been made among thr- eading business people, and it is ascertained what ? financial: support they will accord the project. . The Mayor : We are going to the Government, and we expect them to Pay for the lot. Dr. Tyrie : A' lot of people «o»» here and do nothing but yap, yap, yap. .j i The Mayor : You ao the sanie. ¿Dr. Tyrie: You. are as good as -anybody at yapping. I will with- draw my amendment ¡The motion moved; by Mr. Donald->? son waa then put and carried. ? ? On the motion of .Dr.. Tyrie, aeeon ded by Mr. Carlile, it wa« decided to support the action of the Cairns Chamber of Commerce in their 'agi- tation, lor ? a wireless - station at Cainia, : ' ? r-~- ; 