 r»i &lt;cr ru'Ris millBWlllMUT—ll millMWI ll llll MlllMI— IBM If I No, Individualists Nowadays, Why should war between two faraway countries like Austria and Servia cause Hans Schwartz to give up his billet in a Gernum office in Sydney, and John' Mangoldwurtzol to lose his farm on the Hawkesbury owing to the. foreclosure, of his . mortgage? , Lots of people who do not understand how interde pendent is" tbe -world' to-day' are asking that question. ; . They don't seem to realise' that the' interests of the nations- are now so in tertwined that a brick thrown in' Kamsqh-.itkA jy hit a wharf laborer at Woollbomoolbo or a portly sharebroker In Cbliins'street, - Mel bourne. Nobody, not even Mr; Bruce- Smith, can make good his claim to being an individ ualist in these stirring times. Man's inde pendence ceased when Big Tooth, the troglo dyte. invited Bed Hair to join him in ex- ' terminating the Flat Foot .tribo over the hills. That invitation resulted in the5 first, co-operative effort on the part of man,' and the principle has been extending .ever since. You never know nowadays when, you buy 50 shares In Nutcrackers, Limited, at £1 each, that in a few weeks your wife may be using tho scrip . for . curl v. papers because some wretched war in a country you had never heard of has made it valueless. 'When I started to 'write this paragraph i made up my mind to end it with some sort of a moral, but I find it a good deal harder than ex pected. Readers, can draw their own irioral. Anyway, you can .expect the latest wA news and morals too for a penny. (Archibara Arti choke, No. 2 Rock, Lower Domain.) The Wrath of Mr. Hollis. Mr. Carmlchael, the N.S.W. Minister for Education, and Mr. Hollle, M.L.A.. became en gulfed In an antl-mllitnrlet riot in Paris, and wore roughly thrust aside by tho' soldiers. Mr. Hollis wns .very angry.— Cable nowe. Two famous men from New South Wale Vfo-e mingled with the mob of Paris, And tossed. like leaves that autumn gales ' In wanton fashion fling and harass., "A bas, a has," In accents shrill . / . The air -was -rent by vocal volleys; Arid, hustled sore against his will "Ah, bah to you," said Mr. Hollis. Oh, frenzied Paris, what is this? . V Your pro' and anti saturnalia ' Have caused you to behave amiss To Bob, the pride of all Australia. The friendship of the nations three May. be destroyed by these mad -follies; His protest calls across the sea— "Bleb-bom-theroop," said Mr. Hollis. Carmlchael: might have done his block, But Deer was handy and assuaged hinU What shield had Hollis from the shock That first disturbed, and then enraged . -him? " Consider him tossed here and there As in the nursery a doll is— I don't suggest that he would swear, But "Blink-Blab-Blub," said Mr. Hollis. ; Had' fifty Newtown railway men Been present with him in the melee There would have been dead Frenchmen then. . Who strove to injure Robert— well, he Was by. himself In that strange town, Without the blokes 'who work tho troDs.ff Yet. with a brave, defiant frown, . , ."Blob-blothor-bloo," said Mr. Hollia. We've seen old Bob keep calm and cool— I do not think — in party riot; But when mad Frenchmen play the fool. Would we expect him to he quiet? To show conclusively that all Their passion so much fol-de-rol is . : We quote again his valiant call— "Dub-blub-blag-blog," said Mr. Hollis. (Gideon Gustavus Great-girth, Christie's Stadium, Macquarie-street, Sydney.) Politicians Useful at Last. An English county councillor relates how a dog -of, his swallowed an election address and died. This show;s what enormous pos sibilities lie within the pages of Hansard. Hitherto people have regarded the official re cords of Parliament as so much expensive lumber, but now an unsuspected value has been found for them. If a printed speech by an ordinary English county councillor caiikill a dog. what would be the effect of the judi cious distribution of Federal speeches on the northern and western sheep runs? Supposing a hungry dingo tackled what Mr. Cook said about, the Labor party during the preference tc unionists debate? The digestive appara tus of a dingo Is strong, but it could not withstand stuff like that, and death would occur before the second paragraph had been swallowed. Can't you imagine you see the expiring kicks of a whole mob of dingoes that - had mistaken the vivid remarks of Mr. Fisher on the Savings Bank arrangement for something good to eat? In spite of what some prejudiced people say, a use may yet bo found for our politicians. If they talk long enough there oughtn't to be a dingo left in the country. Hansard might also be ap plied. to the prickly pear problem. Let a 60-acre paddock be enclosed with the speeches of Mr. Hughes and a big heap of printed remarks of Sir William Irvine be piled in the middle. When the heat caused by the outer circle came In contact with the freezing air of the; central pile, an atmos pheric condition would be created that could not fall . to kill every vestige of vegetation in the paddock. Indeed, It is possible that such a cyclone would be set up that the Meteorological Department would havo to engage Mr. Wragge to stop it. As this para graph might in some way or other be con strued to comment on the election issue now before the people, the writer, who. doesn't want to go to gaol and so miss the war news signs his -name as Charles E. Taylor, 32 Castlereagh-street, Sydney. 