 FENCING. -o-- This is the age of newspapers of all sorts of shapes, sizes and for all kinds of persons, but one would think that a paper to deal exclusively with such an ordinary subject as "Fenc ing" would be impossible. That such is not the case is proved by the receipt of "The Cyclone Zephyr," or Something about Fencing, a neat eight-page quarto sheet, which extols the virtues of the "Cyclone" fence and gates, An extract from it reads: If in this world you'd make business to hum, You must blow your own trumpet and beat your own drum; lie modest when modesty's virtue itself, But in pushing new business, put that on the shelf. The editor has acted up to this ex hortation, as the following introduc tory par shows The "Cyclone" Fence is so named because it sweeps all before it. It has already covered a hundred thou sand miles in the United States, and no0w it has swept across the seas and commenced a grand course of devas tation in Australia, where it has already begun in e.rnest to sweep away almost, every other kind of country fence in existence. More power to it ! And this present gentle ZEPIIYR, which is stealing over the length and breadth of this great continent of ours, is but heralding the advent everywhere of thle mighty "C'yclone," which will as surely follow in its wake as the day follows the night. For who has not exnerienced the troubles and trials attending that obsolete kind of fence of the black wi-re variety, which nel ther holds in nor holds out; which slacks, rusts, and decays; and in variably leads a disreputable life, and comes to an ignominious end? Surely a trim, tight and bright "Cyclone" Fence, which holds all ways, and always holds all ways,, can ing a peace and a joy which passeth the understanding of him that possesseth it not. Do you doubt it ? Give heed then to tile cloud of witnesses which even at this present testify unto the truth. They swear neither by their heads nor by the hair which groweth thereon. They swear only by the " Cyclone " Fence-which is quite a different thing from swearing AT a fence. This high-toned custom is rapidly going out of fashion, exact ly in the same ratio, in fact, as the "Cyclone" Fence is coming into fas hion. Surely then the " Cyclone," amongst its many other virtues, may claim to be regarded as one of the new great moral agencies of the 20th century ! For not only does it do away with tile necessity of swearing, but because of its entire reliability, it contributes towards a calm teml perament and general serenity ol dis position, which enables the soul to aspire after loftier things than those ,which occupy the vexed mind of the man who stands ruefully contemplat ing his rusty old black wire fence, with his escaped sheep charmingly silhouetting the distant horizon. And a good well-built " Cyclone " Fence, with its silvery cables shimmering in the sunlight, is as ornamental as it is useful. And is not a thing of beauty, a joy for ever ? Why, then, continue to bow down and worship the customs of your forefathers, who knew not the "Cyclone" Fence? Why be still held in the bondage of a fence which is neither ellicient nor orna mental, but which is a -perpetual source of trouble and annoyance, when a "Cyclone" can be had for the asling-and a mere scrap of printed paper stamped One Penny ? But the latter is only a detail. We have not consulted Mr. Barrachi, nor yet Mr. Wragge, as to the meaning, or poss ible recurrence, of this all.preoading ZEPHYR, because we know its mean Ing, and too shrewdly suspect that it will blow every month (barring poss ible delays) to need further advice on the subject. However, we set this first ZEPHYR on its course of heraldry, with all the joys of an in ward satisfaction born of having nobly done our'duty by zephyrously pointing out the duty of others. May they as conscientiously dis charge theirs as we shall continue striving to fulfil ours ! Another page reans It is not expected that the birth of this little paper will create any great stir in journalism, or as a consequence there will be sudden fluctuations in the price of stock in the steel wire.market. However, every respectable journal should have an excuse for its existence. Ours is that there is a grevious lack of in formation on the best methods of wire fencing. We have some knowledge on the subject, and want more. What we don't know about it would fill. a much larger paper than this, so if any reader has any information on the subject which will be of value to sis fellow-men, we wish him to send a full account, and we will help to hand his name down as a public benefactor. Any of our readers may obtain a free copy of the journal by writing to 128 Franklyn-street, Melbourne. 