 EASTERN AUSTRALASIA. ITEMS BY NAIL. The Newcastle (N.S.W.) Hospital Com mittee has dpcided to recommend the abo lition of private wards ib the hospital. The Melbourne Harbour Trust intends to borrow considerably over £1,000,000 for de veloping the port. Mr. John' Thomson. M.H.R., one of the' Federal Government Whips, has been mar ried in Melbournd to Mrs. Elizabeth Jack. Owing to the dry weather, Dargoville (N.Z.) is short of water, which is being sold at a penny a: gallon. The Rev. Thomas Nosrhcott, M3ethodist minister stationed in Milton (N.S.W.), died suddenly in a private boarding-house in[ Nowrn (N.S.W.). As the result of the recent rain, which gave a rise of 7ft., there is now about 40fi. of water in the Cmberumberka reservoir, Broken Hill. Mr. John H. Reid has been appointed As sistant Governnment Geologist in Queens land. He is at present working in the Gee logical Survei- Office in Sydney. Remarkalle crop results have been ob tained in Eugcwra (N..W.) as a result of experiments in vitalising seed wheat by the use of electric currents. The dry weather in New Zealand has caus ed a serious shortage of water in Manawatu farms and in the sawmills main trunk line district. Some millers are carting water a considerable distance for boiler purposes. A cable nmessage has been received in Sydney announcing the death of . r. Richard George Evered, managing director of Erered and Co. Ltd., of London and Birminliham. Mrs. Peter Moran. of Mile-End (S.A.) pase.l away recently. She was born in Birmingham, England, 58 years ago. She has left a husbanid, five sons, three daugh ters, and four grandchildren. The foreign missions revenue for Victoria for 1913 in connection with the Methodist denonmiiation amounted to £9,458 12s. 11d. The aictual increase after making up the shortage in bequests and specials, is £587 12s. lid. At a meeting in Townaville (Q.) it was proposed to endeavour to raise sufficient tmoney to establish a meteorological, station for North Queensland during the cyclone mionths, and engage Mr. Clement L. Wragge. Mr. Eohraim Bushbv, an old resident of Sydney, and the senior deacon of the Harris street Baptist Church in that city, died sud denly at the age of 80 years. He collapsed while speaking at a prayer meeting in the church. Mr. Fitzpatrick (Chief Commissioner for Railwfys'.in l?ictoria), after investigations abroad, has recommended the adoption of the London systen of automatic signalling when the Melboirne suburban railways are Iclectrified. The Palmerston' North (N.Z.) Borough Council has taken a further step towards mdltiicipalising the gasworks, and it has been decided to approach the ratepayers with a loan proposal of £100,000, with a view to the works being purchased. The Auckland (n.Z.) Gas Company's pro fits for the year 1913 were £48.533. The direcfors recommend that the capital be in creased to £1,000,000. by the creation of 250,000 new shares at £1 each. Mr. J. . McCullouigh has been re-elected workers representative in the Arbitration Court in Wellington (N.Z.). and Mr. E. J. Carer.deputy representative, replacing M?r. W. T. Young, who was so prominent in the recent strike. Caiptain Wallack. lately chief officer of the steamer Levuka, and a son of Licut. Colonel Wallack, military staff command ant for New South Wales, has been ap pointed master of the'. Fiji Government yacht Ranadi. Rabbit trappers in Orange and Dubbo (N.S.W.) totalling 140, have gone on strike owing to their demands not having been acceded to. The secretary of the unioin says that the men are determined to stand firm. and that the strike will affect the whole of the'State. A Brisbane medical man has indicated td the Acting-Premier of Queensland that he has found what he believes to be an abso lute corn for consumption. He has appeal ed for assistance in order to prove its effi cacy. Some assistance will be necessary for tests in hospitals. From a paddock of 70 acres at Dairy Flat, I near Heathcote (Vic.) Mr. W. Watkins ob tained the excellent yield of 1,050 bags of Algerian oats, or 15 bags an acre. The crop, which was cut for threshing, was only 4ft. high, and the gr und was merely manured to the extent of 501b. to the acre. Mr Charles Hatdy, of Mount Albert (N.Z.). has died at the age of 82 years. He lived in England, France, Spain, Australia, and California, before he settled in Auck land (N.Z.) For some 30 years he was en gaged in the bulk timber trade in the Auck land Province. The Public Works Department of New South Wales has taken over the monier pipe works acquired recently for the sum of £50,000, together with all the plant, materihk and staff. By the installation of fresh ma chinery it is expected to double the present output of the works. Alderman O. A.Benjamin,wo died recent ly in Charters Towers (Q.), was a prominent member of local sporting bodies. For many years thedeceasedgentlemanwas con nected with commercial and mining business in the Charters Towers district. He leaves a wife and three daughters. Mr. Timothy Harnett, who for 30 years had been the licensee of the Tankerville Arms Hotel, Nicho'son and Johnston streets, Pitzroy (Melbourne) has passed away after a short illness. The deceased, who was in his 65th year, was" formerly chef at the Russell-st;reet police barracks in Melbouron The Labdur Conference in Sydney is in Sfavour of abolishing the Legislative Council as soon as possible, and a committee has been appointed to report on the best method of doing this. The opinion was expressed that only labour men should be appointed by the Government to that Chamber. The Wanganui (N.Z.) Education Board has arranged for Miss Alexander, head teacher of the central infant school, Wan e?an,?i toi orn S vainoer fnr a mendh at the end of the summer vacation to study the Montessori system of infant instruction, so that it may be introduced into the Wan ganui Board's primary school system. The delegate board of the New South Wales Colliery Employees' Federation met in .Newcastle (N.S.W.), and carried a motion affirming that legislative provision should be made to prevent men from workini more than eight hours of the 24 in a mine and that it be made an offence for anyone to work more than eight hours. The Karkarooc (Vic.) Shire Council is con vening a conference of shire councils to con sider the question of legislation to prevent fallowing in sandy country right up to roads. Drift sand is a constant source of expense in scooping, and it is believed that n, ordinary circumstances a break left on the road side of a paddock would catch most of the drift. The Acting Premier of Queensland, Mr. Barnes, has received a communication from the Premier of New South Wales, inquiring en to the most suitable date for holding the Premiers' Conference. Mr. Barnes replied that he would like the conference to meet early, and, for preference, in April. He also suggested that the conference be held in Brisbane. A consignment of spineless cactus plants was brought from America recently, and taken to the Rochester (Vie.) irrigation dis trict. to be grown as fodder; which it is said to produce. The Victorian Government officers have seized the plants, which were being propagated in tins. The importer de clares'that this type does not revert to the dangerous spine-bearing kind. Mr. W A. Grubb. of George-street North, Sydney, died in the Lewisham Hospital, Sydney. MJr. Grubb, who was a native of Fifeshire. Scotland. came to Australia over 30 years ago. and was from the first con nected with the butchering business. Some 14 years ago he established the business of W. A. Grubb and Co. which developed into the largest retail butchering business in the Mother State. The frequency of accidents on the Hobart. tramway system through the electric wires breaking away and endangering the lives of the drivers and passengers is causing much uneasiness in Hobart. On the official admission of the general manager there were ten such breakages last year. Since then there have been other-. On" the Sandy Bay line there have been far more breakages than anywhere else. Tasmania is passing through an unusually dry sea..on (sacs a Hobart correspondent). The injurious effects of the summer sun have been aggravated by the drying winds. In many districts the grain crops have been much below the average, and imless jrain fals within the next few weeks. the marketable value of the apple crop will be lessened. Fodder is becoming scarce, and Hobart. houeho'ders have been warnl by the corporation to economise as much as possible with the water supply. . Dr. Beattie, the superintendent of the Liverpool (i.S.W.) Asylum, was giving evi dence in the Wafer Police Court, Sydney, the other day. The question mas whether a defendant had gone under a different I name. Dr. Beattie was asked whether the old men ever came in under assumed names. "Yes," he replied, "very often. Some of them have different names every time they come along-and also different re ligions"m Lieutenant-Colonel James Sven Wigram died in Marrickville (Sydney) after a long . illness. The deceased in early life was con • nected with the Education Department. He rose from the post of teacher to that of Government Architect for Piblic Schools. Lieut;Col. Wigram took a keen interest in military affairs from the inception of the volunteer movement. He retired with the rank of lieutent-colonel from the Garrison Artillery, and soine years ago was awarded the long service medal - for meritorious work. Women delegates succeeded in getting the Labour Conference in Sydney to in struct the committee to inquire whether women were eligible for seats in the Legis lative Cohncil. The idea was that such appointees would have pledged themselves previously to vote the Upper House out of existence. afr. P. W. Henry, a student in the Haw kesbury Agricultural College, 'New South Wales, and Mr. Valentine Duff. of the Union Steam Shin Company's Dunedin staff, have been appointed by the Taran aki (N.Z.) Education hoard to the staff of the Technical College. The greater part of Mr. Henry's time will be spent in trave! ling through the district and giving advice to any farmer who wants it. and in conduct ing classes for farmers, and superintending i agricultural instructien in the primary schools. The Fitzroy-(Melbourne) Council has had under consideration a complaint that cer tain house agents had taken advantage of increased valuation to raise the rents of houses as soon as the valuations were made known. To stop this unfair practice, the finance committee recommended that when suelh cases were brought under the valuer's notice he be instructed to make a supplc mentary valuation of the premises in ques tion. At a meeting of the council, the re commendation of the committee was adopt ed. The aggregate railway revenue in Vie toria for the present financial year, wh:ch began on July 1 last, continues to show an increase over that for the same period of last year. In a statement supplied by the Commissioners it was shown to be £3,095. 039, as compared with £2,873,070 in 1913, the increase being £221.969. There has been an increase in. passenger receipts of £30,913; parcels, .£6,878: goods, £154,130; and live stock, £31,811: and the figures for the Brightpn electric tramway stand at £10,739, as against £9,057 last year. There has never previously been such a widespread and keen interest taken in fisth ing in these parts as this se_.on (writes the Trafalger corresnondent of a Melbourne coh temporary). The district rivers and creeks have been visited daily by many scores of people, who have been rewarded with good hauls. Black fish is the variety mostly caught, and some splendid specimens have been landed, the fish generally weighing from half a pound up to 61b. The Tarwis,. Tangil, and Latrobe rivers have been the most frequented. A party of four got 225 good fish at the Tarsin River in one day. A responsible business man in Wellington (N.Z.), who has had banking experience, has been expressing grave doubts as to the bene fits of cheap money. '"I can say unhesitat ingly," he remarked, "after long experience, that the facility fcr obtaining money at low rates is by no means an unmixed blessing. Cheap money has led over and over agam to unhealthy speculation, extravagance, and ruin. The industrial world is often in the healthiest condition when the banker, in his wisdom, not for any extra profit, but to ex ercise a steadying influence, tightens his hand and firms his grasp by putting up the value of what he has to give." An officer of the battle-cruiser New Zea land, writing to a friend in Auckland (N.Z.) mentions a rumour that the war ship may be employed to take the Prince of Wales to Canada in April, instead of joining the first battle-cruiser squadron, as was understood. The same correspondent mentions that so well has the ship borne the 45,000 miles cruise that when she conies to refit at Portsmouth the whole of the de fects in the engineers' department can he repaired in three days. A report from an other source credits the Admiralty with the intention of placing Captain Halsey in charge of the section of the Pacific Squad ron in these waters. A strange case of lunacy came under the notice of the Cairns (Q.) police. A man called at the police station with a bundle of clothes, and said to Sergeant Hawkes, "I want to hand you these clothes. They belong to a man named Wolff. I killed him at Chinaman's Bay, near Double Is land.' I gave him 25 years to live. I have been following him round for the last 19 years. The conditions were, that he was not to eat, sleep, or drink during that time. Yesterday he wanted to sleep and eat. I killed him. I killed his spirit. I ath his body."' Dr. Tyrie examined the man,) and declared his case to be hopeless. The magistrate ordered him to be com mitted to the asylum for the insane. At the wine-tasting at thde Royal Agri cultural Society's CGround, Sydney, Mr. C. C. Tucker placed before the wine-tasters a light Californian wine which, though commented upon favourably, was not considered quite equal to the N.S.W. wines shown. This was I the general opinion, though, of course, it was a severe test to bring into competition an ordinary stock wine with the pick of Australia. Mr. Tucker, as a result of his 1 observations on his recent tour, considers that Australia offers magnificent possibilities to the Italian, French, German, and Swiss peasantry to come.here to settle on the land and engage in viticultural oursuits. "Yet," he says. "I have never heard of any special effort being made to attract this desirable class of immigrant to our shores." A practical outcome of the activities con nected with the Hands Across the Sea Club is the exchange between three teachers front Canada and three front New Zealand (re marks a Wellington, .N.Z... contemporary). The latter left the sister Dominion in the Makura. having come from schools in the South Canterbury Education District. The Canadian teachers arrived recently in the steamer Marama. The two vessels passed in the Pacific Ocean, and thnus was the ideal of "hands'across-the: sea" exemplified. The Canadian teachers are bright roung women, irith a taste for:educatioial adventure, andi they are proud of being identified with the first exchange' effected between any of the oversea Dominions. By arrangement with the club, they will teach under the auspices of the South Canterbury Education Board for a year, when they will return to the place whence they eame-Brandon, Malni tOLs 