 NORTH QUEENSLAND. BY OUR COKRESPONDENT. By the Long Wash of Australasian Seas. .txjuug ine v^ueensiana coast tnere are many islands; some fertile but inore stoney and arid and unfit for cultivation. The. ocean within the Great Barrier Beef is studded with innumerable islets, rocky crags, surf beaten reefs, sheltered, sandy txfctches, rich^ tropical jungle, wild mountain peaks, so char acteristic of the North \ Queensland coast. One of the best kndwn islands of the north is Dunk Island, -the home of Mr. J. Banfield. 'This isle of scent and sil«nv-.A ' ah.'Iia terms it in his charming book, 'My Tropic Isle,' is 'the most fascinating, the most de sirable on the coast of North Queensland.' Mr. and Mrs. Banfield took up permanent residence on their island home in 1897. Pre ' viously Mr. Banfield had been editor of the 'North. Queensland Register' and the TVwnsville 'Bulletin.' Palm Islands, about 40 miles from Townsville, are largely pat ronised by holiday parties from Townsville, and the western inland centres. Mag netic Island, in Cleveland Bay, five miles from Townsville, is a great resort for week end and picnic parties. Outside Cairns are Double Island and Green Island, both popu lar- picnic resorts. Other well-known islands along the coast are the Percys, Northumberland Island, the Beverley Group, Whitsunday Passage, and Hinchinbrook Channel, where some of tho scenery is reminiscent of the sounds of New Zealand or the fiords of Norway. Torres Straits are dotted with picturesque spots, many untouched by the foot of mankind. Four little islands known as the Bourkc Group, lie between Cocoanut and Yorke Is lands. Typical atolls, uninhabited, they lie dreaming, shimmering with heat in the blue sea, circled by thousands of black and white sea pigeons. One of the group is known to the natives of the Straits as Pigeon Is land. Some time ago a Philipino built a hut and lived there, till want of fresh wa ter drove him away. His little house is now falling into decay, and the poultry which he reared arc now wilder than the sea birds. Big Figures. The exports of the great expanse of coun try behind -Townsville for 1913 have just been compiled, and reach the handsome total of £4,674,830. The exports are £322,000 in excess of those of 1912. Cattle with bypro ducts top the list, being valued at £1,513,320. Wool comes next, valued at £1,387,905. No transhipment exports have been includ ed; the figures solely rcprcesnt exports brought to Townsville from the interior by the Townsville railway. Details as to im ports are not available, b'/c are said. to b- well over £6,000,000. Beef Eaters. An analysis of the consumption per head .nof the population in the Tow.nsville district indicates that beef is tlie favourite flesh of the people, the average per head per annum being 232.11b. Compared with 1912, the number of stock slaughtered shows an in crease of 11,3(51 head. Sotre of the princi pal butcher shops propose to enclose entirely with glass, as owing to the corrosive action of the atmosphere, wire netting is not 'i success. It will be interesting to compare 1014 figures with the above, as, owing to the high price of meat, a large proportion of the population are curtailing their beef eating propensities. That. Circular! I referred in a previous letter to the new circular recently issued by the C.S.1\. (6V pany, ami which is the cause of so much in dignation among the eanegrowers. The cir cular opens by saying: 'As the Bill sub mitted to the Queensland Parliament for constituting boards to fix the prices for cane had fallen through, we now put,''&c. Grow ers were hoping that tho Bill was only shelv ed, but here we have the word of the C.S.R. Company that it had 'fallen through*'* The circular, which is of a truculent and despotic tone throughout, goes on to say 'that we make more clear the existing stipulation- that any increase of our expenses forced on us by law must be covered by ,a reaction in the price of cane, the' farmer: being relieved of his obligation' to grow cane if he -be unwilling .to,; accept the reduction.' Ano ther way of -.saying 'if you don't like it, get out.' ??; ' Quiet Heroism. How few people in the big cities and towns have any idea of the life of the far interior of Queensland; where the bare com forts, to say nothing' of luxuries, of civili sation, are unknown, and where the pioneers are nearly always 'up against' hardships of one sort or another. One seldom sees in print the heroic deeds and endurance tests that are quietly performed and endured out in the 'great back 'of beyond.' Quite late ly a girl, aged about 17, performed the re markable, 'endurance test'' -/f taking a sick brother to a doctor who could only be reached by a fortnight's journey on horse back. Camping each night she got through safely to the doctor, and her brother recov ered under proper treatment. One would like to know what was passing through this brave young girl's mind as she pitched her tent each night at sundown. A boundary-rider on a station 600 miles west of Townsville was thrown from his horse a few weeks ago, breaking his legs in two places. Unable to move, without even a drop of water, exposed to the blazing tropical sun, and tortured by flies, he fay all day long; and at night was drenched by torrential rain. Tn the meantime the rider less horse had returned to the station; a search party set out and discovered the un fortunate man late the following day. We hear and read so much these times of silly endurance tests such as club swinging, skat ing, &c, but how petty and trivial such tilings are compared with this stern reality and quiet heroism. General. Tn connection with the proposed mctero logical station in North Queensland, Mr. Clement Wragge has cabled that he is un able to take up residence in the north-- this season owing to engagements in which he is deeply involved. He proposes to visit Townsville' on a lecturing tour in April. Ow ing to the apathy and indifference of the Federal Government, the citizens of Towns ville and Cairns (and other centres) are en deavouring to establish a. meterological sta tion by public and private subscription. Mr. Clement Wragge has been asked to take charge of such a station on certain terms. At present all weather reports are telegraph ed up fro*n Brisbane, and as our telephone lines are notoriously liable to delays a ship often leaves port without any advice or warning of what she is likely to encounter. It is sincerely hoped that this present cy clonic season will pass over without any disasters. ? The Federal Government aro pretty well leaving North Queensland to run itself. Catholic and Personal. Much regret was expressed at the transfer of Brother Nolan from Townsville to Bris bane. The good 'wishes of everyone follow him in his new sphere of work, i Brother Nolan has the reputation of being a success ful teacher, a good athlete, and was well liked by the pupils and general, public. The marriage of Miss S. Brady to Mr. M'. Ryan is arranged to take place at the end of February. Miss Brady is well ami pop uhirly known in Townsville for her amiable character and musical abilities. Mr.'j. E. *3as8idy (late Nudgee College), one of the Queensland Rhodes scholars, spent his Christiras in Switzerland. Mr. P. E. Kelly, son of Mr. and Mrs. J. Kelly, a well-known Catholic family in Bran don, was married to Miss Louisa Elliott, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. Elliott, of Char ters Towei»s, at the Sacred Heart Church, Townsville, on January 17. ? . -The recent social held at'Winton in aid of the church was. the usual success, and is reported to have brought in a satisfactory sum. _ ? . 