 Settled Till 1930. DRY. AND WET SEASONS. In these days (says the Sydney "Even ing News"), when those once honoured prophets of the . weather— the corns and gouty limbs of our elders— have given place to scientific forecast, the farming community, hangs with bated breath upon the utterances' of the experts. The Auckland "Star," copies of - which arrived by the steamer . Riverina, inter viewed Mr. Clement Wrasee. F.K.G.S.— the one-time Queensland Government meteorologist, and the foreteller -of the disastrous vYustralian droughts— at his home at Birkenhead the other day. ... Mr. Wraege willinglv acquiesced when asked if he would venture a- forecast. The celebrated weather prophet lives in intimate communion ' with tho. weather portents. An odd-looking baromctbr was | at his elbow in his queer, workshop- ! like study ; shelves of meteorological ( tomes lined the room. Outside' was a box- like . structure which, to the uninitiated Wight have been a meat safo or a bird cage. It was, in fact, a miniature ob servatory, in which clockwork and elec trical instruments registered the vagaries of the atmosphere, or turned turtle, bv an alarm .arrangement, to .tell' the stale of- the temperature at a given time of nights. THE ELUSIVE SUNSPOT. The meteorologist fetched a huge , tele scope, formidable as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting rays of the sun, and allowed a bright half-crown of light from the lens— the photograph of the sun— to play on the white blotting pad. "No snnspots and no rain just yet," was his rueful verdict. "I've been expect ing one just lately. It should appear to-morrow or the next day on the edge of the sun, and. when it' works to the centre, conditions will be favourable to rain." The prophet next gave the barometqr. a professional rap, jotted down n figure, nnd dubiously said "L'mpli." Producing a clmrt of the Australasian regions, he went outside to test the direction of' the wind and to find the lay of tho low atmos pheric pressure region, and .then com mence to rapidly draw wavy "isobars" on the chart. LOOKING AHEAD. Mr. Wragge has computed' forecasts for the seasons of Australia till 1U3U, and these, he suys, are applicable to New Zealand, with slight modifications, owing to physical and geographical reasons. During 1011 and part of 1015, ho suys, the rainfall, taking Australasia as u whole, will be under the average. This by no means implies tlmt there will be no rain. On the contrary, good intervening rains will occur, and the lust part of this period will ho better than the first. From the middle of "1015 onwards, the rainfall will markedly ihcrcusc, and from 101(1 to 1020 inclusive, tliu seasons will be distinctly good, witii abundant pre cipitation. After 1020 the rainfall will begin to 1 steadily fail off, and the worst part ot the next great under average period will be 1023 und 1024. Australians will be justified in calling that a drought. In 102-5, matters -will begin to improve, aiid good seasons will prevail from 103n to lOfifi. i These forecasts, explained Mr. Wi'uggc, : are mainly based on tho physical condi tion of the sun with respect to its . maxima and minima moods, mov- I ing in cycles of 11 . years. Just now wo are nearing the end of the solar minimum— or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun of which we .on earth had no conception, were least violent. The maximum period would commence at the end of 1015, and until then, gl- though lie did not expect the seasons to be so bad as" they had been," abnormal, rains must not he anticipated. Intervene ' ing rains in New Zealand should give a heavier fall than in Australia. In . the . droughts, he predicted, New Zealand would . not suffer to the same extent as Aus tralia, owing to its climate' being in sular. whereas that oi the latter was continental.; > "Yes," said Senatoi Graphtor, with a I deep sigh, "I often yearn deeply tor the joys of 'private life." "Well, by-George, senator." said one of his fellow-towns- men, enthusiastically, "Nobody deserves .to be returned to them more than . yon do'!" 