 TownsvllU Chamber of Commerce, THE MONTHLY MEETING. The monthly meeting of the Townn ville Chamber of Commerce was liolu at the Town Hall on Wednesday after noon. There were present: M»ssre. J. N. ParkeB (President), R. A. Cameron, C. R. Wodehouse, Martin, J. Cummins. G. Gordon, R. Gard, P. F.' Rowland, L. C. Woolrych, T. E. Thorpe, J. J. Fann ing, and the Secretary (Mr H. B. Marks). An apology for absence was received from Mr W. L. Chapman. A letter was received from the Sel wyn Progress Association, asking the support of the Chamber in getting a through train run from Townsvllle, and giving a suggested lime-table. The Secretary said the Traffic Man ager said this would still mean run ning the train In the dark. The matter was left in the Presl The Secretary of the Haughton River Farmers' Association wrote advocating the erection of a shed where goodB by rail for farmers could be left In safety. The Secretary reported that the General Traffic Manager said thlB mat ter had already* been referred to the Department. The matter was left in the Presi dent's hands. ' The Cairns Chamber of Commerce forwarded a letter which had been sent to the Postmaster-General ask ing for Improved telephonic facilities, and the erection of a wireless station at Cairns, and asklnpr the Townsvllle Chamber's support In the matter. The President said, In company with Mr Foley. M.L.A., he had interviewed' the authorities In Brisbane as to the wireless (station being used in the case of the lines being. down, and was Informed that there was no reason why this should not be done. Mr Gordon said the wireless station here had been practically hung up for somo time, as their despatching machine was in Cooktown. They could receive messages, but not send them. Any that were sent had to go to Cook town and be despatched from there. Recently his firm had to wire Thursday Island to gel Into communication with - The President said he was not aware of that fact. They should have a complete service here. Mr Gordon said he understood they required a despatching machine at Cooktown, and It had been thought better to send the one from here. It was decided that the President make Inquiries from the Postmaster, and If necessary, communicate with the Department. A letter was received from the Clon curry Chamber of Commerce, point ing out that whilst week-end tickets were Issued to people within 100 miles of the coast, those outside that area were excluded, and asking the Cham ber's assistance in having this re medied. The Secretary reported that this had been brought about by a regulation lately altered, but the General Trafflc Manager said If it was brought before him he would refer it to the Commis The matter was left in the hands of the Chairman. * With regard to the question of the |mail service over Harvey's Range, the President stated that only n. formal acknowledgment had yet been recel |ved from the Department. As the let ter waB only despatched in January, It was decided to hold the matter over till next meeting. A letter was received from the Post master-General's Department, In reply to the Chamber's application for the establishment of suburban offices In Townsvllle, pointing out that the de livery service had now been Improved, and with the postal pillar boxes, the reasonable requirement* were being fulfilled. Mr Rowland said the deliveries were better lately at North Ward. Bit It would be a great convenience It th» boxes could be cleared at a guaran-, teed and later hour, tt was little use clearing the boxes at 4 o'clock, but if they could be cleared at 6.30, and the letters catch the mall. It would be a great improvement. The President undertook to make In quiries and lay the matter before the Postmaster. Hon. R.' Phllp wrote stating that he had Interviewed the Prime Minister (Mr Cook), and Messrs Kelly and Wynne, members of the Federal Minis try, whilst In Melbourne, and they had promised that during the montbe. of January, February (4$ March, the earliest intelligence as to weather con ditions would be posted at the tele graph offices at each Northern port. The President said be had spoken1 to Mr Phllp on this matter, and that gentleman had done all he could. Since he (the speaker) had been away he understood that action had been taken by a body here In regard to the estab lishment of a Northern Meteorological Station. Mr Woolrych stated that a commit tee had been formed with that object, as the result of a public meeting held here. They had approached Mr Wragge with an offer, but he could not com* this year. Then they wrote to the Postmaster-General, and got very little satisfaction from him. They had approached him again with a request* that during the cyclone months, an officer of the Department should be sent up, and arrangements made for supplying him with all information, and let him Issue warnings of distur bances. The Committee had not had any reply to that. Tn the letter they had stated that if then wac any ad ditional expense Incurred by sending the officer, they would lie willing to contribute something towards that ad altlonal expense. Mr Gordon stated that the Harbor Board -isd decided that 'the movement should be supported and had also of fered to contribute to the cost, If neces sary. The President said complaints had been made that forecasts which were received at » o'clock were not posted up at the Post Office until late In the afternoon. This was a serious thing, as the people were entitled to the beet Information at the earliest possible mo ment Mr Woolrych said he understood the messages, came In, code through the telegraph office, and had to be sent -to the Pilot Station to be interpreted, and they were then telephoned back to the Post Office. Sometimes he understood the message came at * o'clock, and did not appear on the Post Office board, until 2.M. It was decided that the matter be' brought before the Postmaster with a request that the messages be posted as early as possible. The Secretary of the Associated Chambers of Commerce of the Com monwealth wrote notifying that the an nual meeting would be held at Perth In May, and asking to.be supplied with the name of the delegate of the Chamber. It was decided to ask Mr T. A. Ams den, director for Burns. Philp and Co., Ltd., at Fremantle,- and an old North erner, to represent the Chamber ?The President drew attention to the remark made by the Premier (Hon. D. F. Denham), In London, as to Bris oane being the first port In Australia for vessels via Panama. It was decided to write to the Acting Wemler In Brisbane, pointing out that Townsville's position mado this port nearer than Brisbane. The President stated that Mr Blalne h. »£hT mc7httnt' ™« » town, and he had Invited him to attend the meet ing, but he unfortunately had been unable to come. Mr Blaine had laid before him a suggestion in connection with the Bowen and Townsvllle rail way eervlce. in thlB it was suggested that the train from Ayr to Townsvllle on Monday bo delayed to allow the Bowen train to connect with It. giving Bowen passengers an opportunity to arrive at Townsvllle on Monday, do their business, and return on Thurs day's train. Mr Woolrych pointed out that would mean the 4yr people being delayed un til the evening, instead of arriving on Monday morning, and they would be up in arms. It was decided that the matter be referred to a sub-committee consisting Parkes08'8' Woolrych' G«n«on and This concluded the business of the A schoolmaster relates that when he was one day about to punish a small boy, the miscreant, evidently recalling an experience at the dentlBt's, ex claimed, 'Please, sir, may I have gasT' 