 The Climate and Weather of Australia, By Olement Wraggo, &e« (Re-produced by permission to Mr. Wragge from the Sydney Mail.) Article No. 8. In this article— the third of the series— the writer deals with the sub ject of forecasting in a very comprehensive, practical way, explaining exactly how the Chief of the Weather Bureau arrives at his daily coo- I elusions. He also deals with the causes of cyclones and anticyclones, ) and their effect on local weather, and explains what different winds i i mean in the various .quadrants into which Australia Is divided. The flr.it word in jta tch-gram is a cypher of on? s Vila tie conveyins the reading of the lii'js thermometer nxed to the barometer, familiarly known as the attached thcrmomatc-r. ow, l-efore anything can be dbne m the mat'er f|f onliuary forecasting, the reading of every oflicial baro- meter ttirojgho it the Commonwealth must be Compared with all the otliers sine by side — the barometer at tfiiurs- 03y Island, in fact, with that at Ho- hart. As holies expand by heat aid contract by cold, the .liaroinetor itself rorms no exception, and the instru ment 'at Thursday Island would be afleeted by the heat of the Tropic.,, .fee attached thermometers give the temperatures of the very barometers themselves, and enable every one cf tliem tbrougho it the eniirs service to le reduced by a sublructive correc tion to the standard temperature of 32aeg. J?, or 0 centigrade. Such re- cuction is the first operation (Readers will understand that we are instruct ing them rin the art of weather fore casting, and' phowing fheui step by- step Tiow the operations of the Head Weather Bureau are conducted,) But this aoes not renier possible a com plete comparison, because all the ba rometers cannot be at the same height above the sea, and because pressure decreases by 0.095 inch for every hun dred feet of .altitude above sea or thereatoute, since as altitude is in creased so much atmosphere is left, bohind which the barometer cannot measure. Hence it is imperative to knowi the 'height of every barometer in the country above mean sea eveL then an additive correction is ap plied1 to the barometric reading al ready reduced to 322 F„ and' it is possible to compare the indications of every barometer side by side throughout "the Whole extern of Aus tralia. If data can be acquired from New, Zealand; the Pacific Islands, Ma laya, and South Africa, and also from ships by wireless, so much the better, for the larger the field! of view the more accurate ought ,to be the fore- caste. Thus it must always be re membered that before anything can be- done re ordinary weatiier fore casting on a national scats every ba rometer in .the organisation must first be 'reduced by a subtractive correc tion to 32dieg. Fahrenheit, and next by 'an additive correction to mean sea level. Then add only then can the .Uhief complacently take his seat, light his pipe, and survey the condi tions. blank chart of Australasia is plareii before him, yet having there on dearly marked the positions of the observing stations. He ea'l3 his computing clerk, who brings in a bundle of telegrams. "Look here," says he, "'are yoa quite sure that every barometric reading has been faithfully red-iced and corrections applied for inc. ex error?" "Yes, sir," —Simple though those reductions ar3, have you gone over each one twice or Ihrice to avoid any possioilitv of error?" "Quite sure, sir," is the answer, CYCLONES AND ANTICYCLONES. _ Then the Chief's daily responsibi lity begins. On the chart against every station he enters the reduced barome tric reading. This done, he takes a blue chalk .pencil .and1 proceeds to join those places or 'regions where the ba rometer reads alike by lines, which are called isobars, or lines of eoual pressure. These by labels 'to tenths of an inch. He must use the .keenest judgment, and watch the arrows indi cating tne winds, which have als> been plotted; applying, as the pencil trails its way, the standard law for the Southern Hemisphere, which to thus formulated: "Stand as with your back to the wind; and the barome ter is lower on the right 'hand1 than on the left." Tho trailug pencil nowi gradually. indicates the localities of the antic vclones and e.vclones respective ly. Positives and negatives, plusftad minus, pervade the universe, and the atmospheric waves form no excep tion. The anticyclones feeds the cy clone, and vice versa. ANTICY CLONES ARE MAINTAINED BY A DOWNFLOW AND OUTFLOW OF COLD AIR FROM THE UPPER RE GIONS OF THE ATMOSPHERE, AND CYCLONES BY AN -UPFLOW, AND INFLOW OF WARMER AND MORE RAUCFUL AIR. The winds around anticyclonic circulate m the opposite cirection to the hands of a watch, and' around cyclones in the same di rection as clock hqnds. In the North ern Hemisphere the circuiatiovs and laws are reversed. The two Bys- tems are often more or less circular, in shape, but anticyefoues may take the form of a long ellipse, and' cy clones assume V-shapes, either erect or inverted. Particularly is . the V- shaped cyclonic depression .in evidence in Australia, and, in' fact, in the Southern Hemisphere generally south from the parallel' of 8 degrees. The mousoonal disturbances which particu cUlariy influence this country dufviig tho warmer months -are more or less erect- tongue-like Vs, . and' are extensions southwards from the equatorial zone of low. pressure, and' .the Antarctic low nressnre disturbances take the form of inverted ' Vs, and- are extensions, from- the South" Polar belt of low pres sure. ' WEATHER CHANGES. Remembering what 'has ' been said about the main disturbances travel ling from westward towards the east, ana the circulation of the winds and shapes ' of the disturbances, '.it is at onee ' clear that ON EVERY SIDE OF ANY GIVEN DISTURBANCE, WHE THER HIGH OR LOW, THS WIND WILL BE DIFFERENT, 'AND A CHANGE OF WIND MEANS CHANGE OF WEATHER. But in discussing what approaching, wind changes really , mean the Chief in his chair, with the iso- baric .'chart now filled in 'and com plete before him, as ho next -proceeds to. iseue the dhily forecasts must loy ally adhere ' to hveiy - article of ins "profession "of faith." The meteoro logist has his creed; -as also the re ligionist, . and a very practical ono it is. It is enunciated as folio we: I BELIEVE IN LATtTGDE, LONGI TUDE, ALTITUDE, ' PHYSlQGRAPHI- CAL FEATURES. AND THE DIUR NAL RANGE OF THE BAROMETER, AMEN;' and1 firet I believe in latitude. Now", it is a fact that the barometen respond!® to such and sicli jvjiris depending on the latit-idc of the place where the instrument is, and thus it is evident that the words so often seen on barometer dials, "rain, change, fair, very dry," are utterly mislead ing and worthless in 'many localities. But let us return to the completed! weather chart and the Chief in his sanctum. Subsidiary loops or twists may appear in tne isobars, and' everV loop, every line, has its meaning. In fact, the completed: chart is .like an intricate piece of music, which can easily bo rendtied and interpreted by an accomplished! hand. .WELL MAY WE SPEAK CF "THE MUSIO OF THE ISOBARS. ' At limes and in places the isobaric contouring is wide apart, in others close together, mean ing easy or steep barometric gradients respectively, and the steeper the gra dient tho stronger will be the wind, as the steeper the hill with greater force will water flow, down it. Recol lecting all that has been said, the Chief's daily responsibility how cen tres in ; the issue of the forecasts, and the keenest faculties of judgment and correct diagnosis must be employed, exactly as an experienced physician diagnoses a case. Useless the instru ments, useless the chart, useless every thing if these vital faculties are lack ing. There are meteorologists and me teorologists, physician, .and puyrituans. and the man who cannot uiscern the real meaning of an isobar and is un-. able to read between the Jines is bound to .make a bpugle, and his forecast will fail. In formulating the forecast for any part of Australia, latitude and .physical geography most particularly must be considered. A few instances will convey what we mean:— A NORTH-EASTERLY .WIND ON THE QUEENSLAND COAST, WEST FROM THE EAST COAST RANGES, AND IN THE INTERIOR AND CN THE SOUTH COAST OF AUSTRALIA MEANS DIFFERENT |SETS OF CONDITIONS ALTOGETHER, and ..the same may be said t>f the other winds with regard to other parte. For a discission of winds wnicn de pend on tne too oars, and what they mean, vie may summarily divide Aus tralia imp four parts, by lines cros sing at right angles, say, at Alice Springs, and these must be again sub divided into i coastal and continental. .WHAT THE .WINDS MEAN. Following is a summary ..in outline —and there are many mdlifieations and exceptions depending on -seasons and! "the different degrees of anticy- clonic iiand1 cyclonic energy,— of what the .wind! mean in the quadrants or regions just indicated North-eastern quadrant, embracing Queensland1 —The barometer in this qua drant being mainly tropical is but little guide, save when -it falls half a tenth in .half an hour, when it is a .sure warning of a dangerous storm. N, NE„ E, and SE winds mean in creased humidity iu all disrrict? ne-ir the sea, the coast of Carpentaria ex cepted, where NE, N, and NW. are mainly damp, and temperature will increase or decrease with respect to the latitudes whence tb.e wiids blow. Removed from -the sea alt winds will be much drier, W to S especially bo, except northeriies under an engrgetio 'monsoonaf disturbance, because coast hills and tracts will, to a huge ex tent, absorb the moisture. South-eastern quadrant, -embracing Southern Queensland, Newi Soata Wales, Victoria, 'and part of itoyt'i ^Austra lia. — Barometers generally fall under Winds between E, N, and M and rise for J5E to SW. winds. ' A failing ba rometer in south Queensland in winter often means clear westerly weather, NE to HE will be damp in east coast parts, and SE to .W damp oa the so itb coast; but N to N.Wi will be dry in fhose districts and very hot in summer and! cold in winter. Inland, again, as in the other case, all winds will carry less moisture, and NE, N, and1 NWi wfil be very dry. bordering fit. Vincent's Gulf- In Tasmania, be ing insular, conditions will be accen tuated1 or modified, depending on prox imity to fhe coasts and' influence of the Tiers. South-western quadrant, embracing western South Australia and the south ern half of Western Australia.— Baro meters behave generally as in the last case, "except that westerly winds near the coast are dirty and often wet un der a falling barometer. All winds, between W. and! SE will be damp bor dering the coast, and NW. also damp on the Western Australian littoral, whereas northeriies to easterlies will be .very dry, exactly the reverse of conditions in coastal Queensland. In land1 in this division northeriies to easterlies will be especially irv, and the latter particularly cold! in win ter- and! the moisture of the other winds will be much lessened. . North-western quadrant, embracing northern WestraUa, and! a large part of the Territory— Barometers be- hava generally the same as in the north-eastern qqadrant, being tropieal- Bcnleriog the coast -all winds between Nil, NW, and: STO will ha more or less diamp, -and those between S, SE, and: E will be dry, while inland all wiadfe .will bo dry, except under ener getic monsoonal distaroances. Now, these are first principles depending on latrude and .topography, and wo repeat that there, are exceptions depending on barometric gradients and lie sea sonal pontooving of the isobars, end' what has been said about the winos must he considered "also with refer- ence. to the climatic zones. TO make oar meaning - -still clearer: Take the case of a circular anticyclone coming frori the Indian Ocean. The wind -will bs E on the north side, NE on the on the south-west, W on the ' south, north-west side, N on the west, NW SW. on the sontb-east, S on the east, 'and! SE on the 'north-cast sides respec tively, and as the currents sweep round1 cyclones in the opposite way conditions with respect to .ernoiilir fow pressure systems are reversed!. iWitn an qye like an eagle's and percep tion sharpen than ..p two-edged feword the boss meteorologist, knowing his 'bu siness can forecast all these renditions and! .what each implies; he can locate rainfall, 'advise the Squatter, warn shipping of daugero is gales, ani pre- dict all phenomena resulting from the passage of certain, isobars, and! he should! be accurate, as .we 'have said, to at least 95 per cent, for austra lian forecasting is ry no means Difficult when one KNOWS HOW. TO DO JT. Now, is not the whole story fascinating in the extreme, although it involves tremen dous responsibilities in an official ca pacity ? . 