 PROPOSED NORTHERN WEATHER BUREAU MR. CLEMENT L. WRAGGE'S VIEWS. During the visit of the Federal Me teorologist (Mr Hunt), to North Queensland some months ago, for the expressed purpose of inquiring into cyclonic records, the matter of estab lishing a North Queensland branch of the Weather Bureau within the cy clonic belt was urged upon him here and at Cairns, but more especially at the last-named place, where a Cham ber of Commerce deputation waited «n film, cud brought ffimn strong argument* to bear in support of the proposal. Since his departure repre sentation* have been made by letter by tho Townavlllc Chamber, but with Dc effect, and fho scheme has been definitely turned down by the Depart ment. principally upon tho score of expense. Thut the proposal lias the support of N'ortliern residents gener ally thora can scarcnly be a doubt, und .ome there arc who are »o fully con vinced tjf the benefit and necessity of the establishment of a bureau during tho cyclone months, that daspito the discouragement of Federal adminis tration. Uey ars still moving In tho matter, and believe that li In nt su/li cent Importance to warrant action ba ins taken by the residents, even at ?ome sacilflce and expense. Promin ent amongst |be*e in Townsvllle la Dr. W. B. Nlabet. Hla duties as Quarantine Officer bringing him Into contact with the captains and pilots of the oversea vessels. as well as the coaalfnr steamers. Dr. N'labtt Juis had opportunities during the past feu months of bearing the views of -.he sea-faring men, and without exception the necessity for a Northern bureau !. acknowledged and supported. And amongst tbe ahtp captains. Captain <i. Irvine, of the Jnnamlncka, la Inter esting himself moat keenly. When It became evident that there waa no hope Own the Federal authorities, the ques tion of endeavoring to eat&bllah a bu reau during the summer months by means of subscriptions and donatlona from citizens arid public bodlea inter ested waa mooted, and mmc inquiries us to'Initial costs «. amnadc. with -hr result that a very interesting letter has now been received from Mr Cle. , ment Wragge. whose name as a me teorologist has been catubllshed I throughout Australia, and who. It Is' considered, would If the moat suitable I nan (or the position. j Whilst the Inn&mlnrka waa In port 1 .n Saturday a "T.D. Bulletin" repre-1 .entalire visited the vessel, when Cap tain Irvine In Ihe course of u chat, i produced tbe letter setting forth Mr I Wraffge's estimates and vlewa. From I tbls It will be seen that the sum re quired would be about flow. The let ter, which was addressed to Captain I Irvine, was dated from Auckland, 6th 1 December, and read as follows: *'I value over so much your kind bet ter of November 10th. which reached me after a long delay, and I am glad to know that my arduous work In I Queensland of years Ago Is at Irast appreciated by my friends of the ship-' ping MOinunity and others, and es-' peclalty In North Queensland. I will j Just say here that before my weather bureau waa disbanded by Government! everything In connection therewith, es- | podsllr ** tbe Warning of hurricanes, I waa lint-class working almost with I the precision as of a 'chronometer.* | Furthermore. I will aay without a mo- j ineni'a hestltatlun. and' In strict jus-! tic* to myself, that, had I been In of- j flee, ample warning would have .been ' given of the etorms that wrecked the I yohgnla and Koombana. with others. I It Is a matter or .correct diagnosis of i the Isobars "and the fscillty nf reason ing tbe thing out from the winds, floods, barometric figures and other elements. Knowing that the founda tions that I so faithfully and trulv lald for the weather signal service tiave within the last 10 years been ne gatived. continue* to be a very sore point With me. Inasmuch aa utterly .part from every personal considera tion. I loyally devoted the best years pf my life In every minute detail to the service of Queensland and Aus tralasia generally, and I regarded my stations as so many 'pet babies,* which I wag destined to lose. Without be ing egotl&tlcal. I know my power full well la this matter, and tlmt bo one .t present In these States can ade quately take my place. A a matter* BOW Hand, I recommend tbat an en tirely Independent weather algnal ser vice abouW be established along the .oast* of Central and North Queens land There should be at least nine Stations in the region Indicated, and to equip these properly, would cost about Ob each. In addition, arrange ment* Would most certainly have to be mad* with the French and Pacific cable companies whereby cypher mee .Me* ooult be received at the head ofllc*-**y at Townsville or Cairns from th* stations at Qoraen. Noumea. Nwfolk Islands, and Suva. With re aped to observers at the Queensland Ml of station* some remuneration should be given to each observer, the .mount to be decided by those who organise the new service (unless, of course, any enthusiastic volunteers should come forward}. Furthermore, a code telegrams, formulae for which .re In toy possession, would have to fu" lo and from the head office with respect t^ the new rations, and at the telegraphs are a Federal concern these would have to be paid for. Probably less than fl per da} would cover this Item. An assistant would be neoeasary for clerical work at a aalary at the rate *t, say C200 a year.' I suppose that the new service would operate only during ihe hurricane months, aay from December to April Inclusive. With re spect to myself, I must be perfectly straightforward: since my weather bureau' was disbanded sdahtMft lectur ing'andwrUln*'have been tny means rf Hvlng. and this la still ao.- At pre sent I sin engaged to commence a sew lecture-tour, opening In Hobart on Feb ruary 14th nejtt from thence it la pro posed to travel, via South Australia, to lecture In Western Australia, pass ing round the North Coast and lectur ing through North Queensland' between June and October next. Also 1 have acquired' interests In. New Zealand which require rtty presence there for at leait throe montha out of the twelve. Thui l.prefer to leave-tUefinancial as- 1 ,p*ct of my eWti case to. Oie considera tion of my many frlfndg in Norih ' Queensland, *0 as to hear what they propose. . Excluding myself from the estimates already «lven, you will be enabled Jo formulate 'a decision ns to what the .wfcole thing will cost, not losing slKht of the fact thaf the finan cial proposal* entirely cover the hurri cane 1 months only. In conclusion, I would attain lay how heartily I appre ciate your communication, and the ef forts of Dr. Nlsbet and my other friend", to whom ploane, as opportunity .Ben. .convey my kindest remera brances. The neoeksary.liihtrtiracntF, apart tMm my own private outfit, which I have here and sufficient for one station only, would have to bo ob talned from London, and if necessary a cable could be seat for them to the makers with whom 1 used to deal in days eono by. With best wishes, yours sincerely,-Clement L. Wragge, late Go vernment Meteorologist of Queens land." Captain Irvine, whose experience with the Innamlnoka In tho Cairns hurri eano last year, will bo freph in the memory of ovcryonu, and whose con duct was the subject of the warmest enconlums from the passengers on that occasion, hud some Interesting things to say In connection with the necessity for such a bureau. "The first question is," h<> remarked, "can wo mine flWO? People ari» ready enough to come down with th«'lr monoy when a disaster has occurred, hut will they be ready to do no beforehand, and as a method of insurance against such disasters? Per* Monalty, I think tho best thing would ho to form a committee here or In Cairns, or in both places, to work it up. I havo no doubt that numbers of people would bo willing to' subscribe, but there must first l>c some authorised source to receive donations. It must be renumbered that this is not for the benefit of iho North simply. It will be for the benefit of everybody from Thursday Island to Melbourne. Prac tically all the crows uf the coastal .ves sels are from Sydney and. Melbourne, where tlieir families reside, so it Is not a local question. In another sense, however, it will be a local question for the North. Whw the Panama Canal opvns these Northern ports'will be the nearest to America by that route. But sea captains will not care to bring their ships Into the narrow water* be tween the coast and the reef, within th#» hurricane belt when they know | there is no meteorological station here to warn them of coming disturbances. jA hurricane when one has sea room I is a much less dangerous experience than one In confined waters. And the sea captains have a big say In the.se .matters, as they are the eyes and the (ear* of the owners. They would na turally prefer to give North Queens land a wide berth and make for a southern port outside the -disturbed belt. And this, I believe, fs the only such coast in the world which Is act I protected by the establishment of a weather bureau. | "It Is up to the North t* put forth i their best exertions and get some such i bureau established. Of course, people |only recollcct the years in which some 'great disaster has been caused, at In- i tervals, probably, of several years, but j | every season there are several of these j : disturbances which strike somewhere, i [The coastal ships are getting bigger ! i every year, and the numbers of the j crew increasing. For instance, I have HO on this ship, and there are many I [larger on the coast. And It ts worth while doing something to protect the I lives of ao many." | Dr. Nlsbet, speaking on the same I subject, warmly supported the views of CaptaJn Irvine. Rpeaklng of Mr Wragge's tetter, which he had seen. Dr. I Nlshet said it wou.d appear that nearly I £1000 would be r«quir«l. As the Federal I 'Government would «1o nothing, he j i thought the people of the North should , take the question up. The probable sources of revenue, hs though*, should |be subscriptions by »h? Kfcn*ra* public. I shipping companies, marine and Jnsur. lance companies, and n grant fnm the j State Government U would, he thought, be only nc<*Mtiry to provide !for one hurrVjui'? season, f*r In after! j years, when I4, had .ince ticca I that the clUcens were prepared to put I their hands In their pockets to obtain [the protection they desired, the Fede ral Government would be prepared to take action. He tiad spokeft to num bers of people who were convinced of I the necessity of the establishment of I the bureau. The Chambers of Com merce both at Cairns and Townsville I had shown themselves to be in favor. [He thought it would be advisable to I get a public meeting, and form a com mittee to get the scheme meving here and In Cairns, and at other centres, [leaving it entirely in the hands of the experts appointed to say where the head centre should be established. 