 A Long*Dlstanoo Forooast. In lhc;:o days, wlien thoso once honored prophets of the weather — tho coins ami gouty limbs of our elders — have given place to scienti fic. forecast, the farming community, hangs with bated breath upon tho utterances of llie experts. Tho Auck land 'Star' recently - interviewed Mr. Clement Wragge, the one-time Queensland Government Meteorologist, and the foreteller of tlio disastrous Australian droughts —at his home at Tlirkpiihoad. Mr. W'rnggo willingly acquiesced when asked if lie uiould veil! lire a fore cast. 'I'lii- celebrated weather pro pliefl, liviM in intimate communion with' the weather portents. An odd looking barometer wns at, Ills elbPw, in his queer, workshoplike study: Milelvcs of. iimUMrological tomes lined the room. Outside was a box like structure which, to the unin itiated, might have been a : meat safe or a bird cage. It, wus, infnet, n miniature observatory, ill which cfockwrrrk and elcctrWalf instru ments registered the vagaries of tho atmosphere, to tell the state of tho temperature at a given time of nights. The meteorologist fetched a huge telescope, formidable as a ma chine gun, pointed it at, the slant ing rays of tlie sun, antl allowed a . bright half-crown of light from tho lens — the photograph of the sun — lo play on a. white bloating pinl. 'No sunspots and 110 rain just been expecting one just lately. It should appear . to-morrow or tho. . next day on the edge ? of tlio sun, nird whan it wcr'.s to tho centro . conditions will bo favorable : to ?' rain.' The prophet next gavo tho - barometer a prpfcssiolittl rap,' jot ted down a llguro, and dubiously said 'Umpli.' Producing a chart of the .Vusilralasian regions, ho wont oiitlside td.'tost the direction of tho wind. anil so find tho lay of the low atmospheric pressure region, and then commenced to rapidly draw vav'y 'isobars' 011 the chart. Mr. Wraggc litis ?computed fore casts for the .sc.isons of Australia' lip till 1980, and '' these, 'lie says, are applicable- to Ncul Zealand, with slight modifications, owing to physical- and 'geographical reasons. During 1914 and part of 101-5, lio soys, . tlio rainfall, taking Austral asia as a whole, will 'bo under tho average. This by 110 means, implies' that there will be 110 'rain. O11 the . contrary, ? gopd ? intervening rains will occur, and the last part of this period will- ?'.be better than .the first.. From the middle of 191C , outwards' tho rainfall will - markedly Increase,' and ;from' lO'lC to 1-920,- inclusive,: tlie seaspns . will bo distinctly good, : with ? abundant .precipitation. ' After' 1920- the. rainfall will begin ., to steadily fall off, : and -tlie , worst part of ? the next great ? 'under-aver- age' period -will be 1928 and 1924. Australians 'will bo justified - in' call- ing.-.that. a. drought. In 1020 mat ters will- begin . to intfproke, and good seasons -wilf prevail from 1926 to. 1930. .These ' forecasts, explained Jit'. Wra'gge,. aro 1 mainly bused on tho phj'sical. condition ..pf, , the .sun with respect' tp' its maxima 'and nvinihna inoodsl ''.moving-,;:in 'cycles .-; of . elsven years. Just.. .now 'jvc 'are,.nearirig the end- -of this ;splor r niinitnuire-pr ' tha -period: \vhen': the? ' fcarfui . cyclonic winds' arbund - the suiii ' of ? whicli -we .on earth 'liavo np cbnceptipn, were least violent'. The . maximum porioil w'oulil. coniinonc'c - at .tho end ') of 1915, and until then, although ho did, not expect the -seasons tp ..bo so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must not be anticipated. In tervening rains \ in. ' New. Ztealiind would give a heavier fall than in Australia. In the droughts ho ; pre- dicted, Nr-w Zealand would . not ?? suf fer. to the ' same ; extent -. as Aus tralia, owiing to' its climate being insular, whereas that of tho latter was continental. 