 OUR WEATHER. SETTLED TILL 1930. DRY AND WET SEASONS. MB. WRA00E AND TEE SUHSPOTS. In thPfo daj-s. wbeo tbDse once honored pro phets ot the weatner— Ihe corns anil Kouty Ifmbs o( our elders— have given place to sclen tlOc forecasl. the farmlns communltv- bang* with bated breath upoa tbc utterances of the experts. The Auckland 'Star.' copies of whlcb arrived by the b.b. Rlvcrlna. lnlrrvle«-'d Mr. Clement n'rscgv. F.H.G.S.— Me onc-timr Queensland Go verDmcnl MeieoroloElbt, and the foreteller of the disastrous Australian drought*— at bis hnnu nt Rlrkenhead the other day. Mr. WraBge wllllnely acquiesced wben asked If he uould venture a torccast. The celebrated weather prophet lives |Q Intimate communion with the weatber portents. An odd-IooklDE barometer was at his elbow in his queer, work sbopllke study: shelves of meteorological tomee iloed the room. Outside was a boxllke structure which, to the uninitiated, might have been a meat safe or a bird cage. It waB. lo t*ct a rolntatore obBervalory, id vblch clock work and electrical InstrumeatB reglittred ibe vagaries ot Ihe atmosphere, or lurneo turtle, by ao alarum arrangement, to tell the state ot ibe temperature at a liven time '' ntgbts. THB EUJB1VE SCSBPOT. Tbe meteorologist fetched a buge telescope, formidable as a macnlno .gun. pointed it at the BlantlDE rays ot the sun. and allowed a bright half-crown ot IlKbl from tb« lens — the photograph of tie sun— *o plaj on a white blot ting nad. 'No eunspots and no rain iuet yet,' was his ruetul %-erilltl. 'I've been eiDcctlns one lust lately. H should appear to-morrow or the neit day od the edge of ibe sun, and wben It works to the centre, conditions Kill be favor able to rain.' Tbe prophet next gave the b&rotntter s pro fessional rap. Jotted down a figure, and duV ousl? said 'Umpb.' Producing a chart ot tbe Australasian regions, be went outside lo lest Ihe direction ot tbe wind and to find Ihe iBy ot tbe Ion* atmospheric pressure region, and Uien comrafDce to rapid]? draw wavy 'Isobars' on tbc chart. LOOKING AHEAD. Air. « raKKr nas [ampuiea lurec&Kis lar ma sratous ol Australia up UU 1930, and those, be says, are applicable to New Zealand, with slleht modifications, owing to pfe-fatca! aD-] eeoKrapbiial reasons. During 1914 and part of Jl'lE, be hays, ibe ralnfsll, taking Australasia as a whole, will bo under the average. Thla by no means Implies that there will be no rain. On the contrary, good lolri-fcnlng ralna will occur, and the last part or ibis period will be titter than tbc first. From the middle ot 1915 onwards, tbc rainfall «lll markedly In crease. «ml from 1916 t.i !'?:': lurluslrr, tbe j-ca-K-m- »IM be dlitlc.lly com), with *2raB4ant -precipitation. Aflrr 1921) Ibe mlofall will begin to steadily tall ofT. and the n-orst part ot the out great 'under-average' period will be 1933 and 1924. Australians will tic Justified In calling that a drought. In 19:6, nutters will bf/cln to Im prove, and good seasona will prevail from 19Zti to 1930. These forecasts, explained Mr. Wragge. are mainly baBed on the physical condition of the a-uo with rcspot-l lo its maxima and minima moods, moving In cycles of eleven years. Just DOW we arc nearlng the end of the solar mini mum — or the period wben the fearful cyclonic winds around the tun, of mbtch we on earth had bo conception, were least violent Tbe maximum period would commence at the end or MS. and until tlrn, althougb lie did not expect the seasons to be so bad as they bad been, abnormal ruins tnnat not be anticipated. I&terreBloc rains )n Kew Zealand should give a heavier fall than In Australia. In the droughts he predicted. New Zealand would not suffer to tbe ssme extent as Australia, owing to Its climate being Insular, whereas that ol tbe latter was continental. 