 INNISFAIL NOTES. (For the 'N. Q. Register.') INNISFAIL, January 27. General. uist week weather conditions were very much disturbed. On the Thursday and Friday we'had very heavy rains, but not sufficiently to cause much alarm, tut on the second day our river came down with very great force! In dtcatlng that a large amount of rain had fallen In the Hinterland. In con sequence residents generally were very much afraid' that they were going to have a repetition of' the big January flood of last year. However, on Satur day morning, we- noticed that' the fresh had exhausted itself, and that the river presented Its normal appearance. The -big rush of waters affected the North JohWone branch, with the re milt that four or five spans ot the bridge .from Goondl to Darajl were car ried away. This bridge was erected by the (2.8.R. Company for the purpose of getting cane over from the Darajl aide, and to renew same will mean a bit expenditure, by the company. The s.s. Muriel was tied up at the Goondl sugar wharf, but - when the fresh came down It .was so strong that It carried away, all her lines, and Captain Campbell decided to proceed down the river and make an anchorage near Bamuuf Island, On Friday, Saturday and. Sunday the ftood waters were ovor the OobndH wharf. Owing to their eub. sldtnce, the Muriel was enabled to load m full cargo of -sugar from Goondl Mill, and leases to-night with same for Calms for 'transhipment to Brli liane. '. '— .r ? ,The Tully arrived from Townsville this morning, and the captain advises that hi experienced very stormy wea ther otl - bis trip up. The consistent Lass o'Qowrle, which usually put* in an appearance at daylight on Sunday, did not arrive -until after » a.m. For the next two months we must expect disturbed weather conditions, and it is pleasing to note that the Townsville people are making efforts to secure the services of Mr C. L. Wragge as meteo rologist. At present we are like the man who locked his stable door after the horse was stolen. What we want is forewarning, and as far as our com munity is concerned, greater confidence would be felt it we knew that Mr Wragge was watching the vagaries of the elements, and would give us timely notice of any cyclonic or flood visi tations, thus enabling us to make pro vision to protect ourselves. This really Is a matter for the Fede ral Government but our experiences In North Queensland are no matter which party Is In power we get no considera tion whatever, and all we have to do ui pay our taxes and grin and bear it At si special meeting of the Johnstone Shire Council, Mr C. E. M. Graham was elected Chairman 'until the first meeting of the new Council. Mr Gra bam .has proved himself a nut rate reprsaujotattre, and so doubt at Uu meeting of the new Council he will be selected for the ensuing year. On Friday next. 30th Inst, a general meeting or subscribers to the School of Arts will take place; it is to be hoped there will be a good roll up. The elec tion of officers and the financial state ment will be dealt with. On Wednesday last Mr Bert Jones met with a very painful accident; l.e was driving his delivery van along Rankln-street; the cart was heavily loaded with short wood, and on top of it was a bag of maize. Owing to the cart getting Into a rut the bag moved, and endeavoring to secure It, Jones fell from tbe cart, with the result that he sustained a fracture of the arm above the wrist. Dr. Willis attended to the injury, and now Jones Is on a fair way to recovery. What might have resulted In a ser ious accident but fortunately owing to ' Driver Woolf getting his engine under control, was presented. This par ticular night the train was rather late, and for some unexplained reason the points near Howard Smith's whirr were open, with the consequence that Instead of the engine running on the main line past Chapman's sawmill, it was diverted Into Howard Smiths Com pany's shed, with the result that half tbe building was pulled down. As it happened on this particular night, there were an unusual number cf children and lady passengers. They experienced a severe shock, but for tunately no one was Injured. The annual meeting of the subscri- bers to the Innlsfail Hospital took place last week. The newly elected secretary. Mr M. J. Nolan, explained he could not Eive a. proper statement of affairs, hb he had very few documents to uulde him; he really had to rely on the bank book. At the beginning of lost year the Hospital, according to his figures, had a credit of £132, and during ihe year £1461 6s was received; this left n credit balance at the end of the year of £180 17s 4d. It was shown at the meeting at that date the Horpltol was In credit to the extent of £286 lCs lod; this can hardly be correct, as It Is cencrally understood that the hospital funds are on the other side of the ledger. However, as Messrs. King and Job -fire being appointed as auditors, they no doubt will go into matters and get a balance-sheet Issued. At the meeting, Mr L. J. DufTy was clectod vice-president; Mr R. G. Dalrymple. treasurer; and Messrs J. A. Menries, H. Parry. T. Car*}-, C. E. M. Graham, W. J. Gilbert, and J. H. Payne. Ow- ing to a technicality, the chairman ruled that Mr Frank Shaw's nomlna- tlon as chairman was Informal, llke jwise the nominations of Messrs Mo Donald, Stephens, and Reid as com mitteemen. It was Interesting to no- ? tlce that subscribers are taking alt .' Interest in hospital affairs. It it, how- ?'? ever, to be deplored that elfotiM* ' should be carried out on a psrtT^W-1' political basis; the whole of the oom munlty should be unanimous In worlF* ing for the welfare of this fine insti tution. When, however, banking com panies and other Arms who have con tinually subscribed to hospital funds are debarred from any voting power ' by their representatives It may tend to prevent them sabBCribtng la the Mrs E. Barclay left last week o»V4ir holiday trip In the North. Mr C. J. Boulter is now In town on Departmental business. ? Mr Prank Armstrong left Uurtibi(fcr day for Townsville. ' ' --V: Mr E. Barclay, representative of tnr' j Goondl Cane Growers, leaves for Calrni ? ! to-morrow to attend a Sugar Qrowtta* Conference. Mr w. Beckett (Ingham), Is visit Ing Innlsfail. : Miss Garbutt. Townsvllle, is visiting Innlsfnll, and is the guest of her tort* ther, Mr Bert Garbutt Mrs Pcarce (Goondl), has returned after spending some time in Towbs ville. Mr O. Randall* arrived to-day ftom Townfivllle. Mrs Prank Armstrong arrived. .to-day, after spending three months in Syd ney. Mr Armstrong went to Towmndlsj to meet her. Masters W. Shaw and A. Stltt leave on Thursday for South to attend school. A little girl had been very naughty, eo her mother told her she must bar* no pudding for dinner. Later, th* others ate a nice Jam pudding, whlls the culprit received only bread ana butter. 'Now, Kitty,' said her mouir, I nt the end of the meal, 'say grano' '?? Kitty obeyed. Closing her eyes aost'^ folding her hands, she said, with -m- nasls, 'For what they have reo»lv«dL , may they be truly thankful.' i ?- -.' ? 