 ANOTHER WARNING The cyclone season is making its approach, and another tropi- cal disturbance is announced as having formed to the north, and now travelling south. Year after year these convulsions of nature have manifested themselves, on many occasions with disastrous effect, and unfortunately at times have come upon the community without any warning. So serious is this subject that when the Commonwealth Meteorologist (Mr. Hunt) visited Cairns some months ago, a deputation from the Chamber of Commerce, con- sisting of prominent commercial and shipping men, waited upon him to urge the establishment of a meteorological station in North Queensland, so that storm warn- ings would be received with grea- ter expedition, and the commun- ity at large given reasonable no- tice of the approach of tropical disturbances. It will be remem- bered that Mr. Hunt, at that in terview, dealt with the subject from many points of view, but was not apparently seized with the grim importance of the fact that through these cyclones more men had been drowned between Thursday Island and Townsville to the square mile than along any other portion of the vast coastline of Australia. His re- marks in general left the deputa- tion little to be grateful for, and he blankly refused to establish a meteorological station at Cairns or any other port in the Far North. Since then more than one ship-master, trading to Nor- thern waters, has taken this mat- ter up strongly, and the Towns- ville and Cairns Chambers of Commerce are still actively agit- ating for some better means of storm warnings. In a letter to the Press, Captain Irvine, who went through the memorable cy- clone off Cairns in January last, said : 'The Australian ship mas- ters are no more anxious to meet hurricanes than the meteorolog- ist, and they would like to keep from them as far away as he does but unfortunately they cannot, and that is just exactly why the Cairns Chamber of Commerce as- ked him for a station in the cy- clone belt. They did not ask him to transfer the station from Brisbane, as he informed the Press they had done. They ask- ed on behalf of the seamen, the travelling public, the North Queensland people, and Austral- ians at large, that a competent meteorologist be sent to the cyclone belt to study these hur- ricanes. When discussing the matter with the Cairns Chamber of Commerce, Mr. Hunt said that if a meteorological station were established at Cairns, and tele- graphic communication were cut off, the place would be ineffective He also mentioned that wireless would play an important part in storm warnings in future. Out of Mr. Hunt's own words there aris- es one solution of the difficulty. Granted that telegraphic lines are down in a hopeless tangle all over the country, and communi- cation with the North shut off, why not establish a northern meteorological station with a wireless equipment ? Thursday Island has a wireless station, so has Cooktown. Let the same be established by the Federal Gov- ernment at Townsville and Cairns and there will be ample warning given of the approach of storms. Regarding the present disturb- ance which has manifested itself over the Gulf of Carpentaria the Meteorological Department has with promptitude, forwarded ur- gent warnings to Northern cen- tres, but Mr. Hunt and his officers have only to thank the telegraph service for that. Once the lines are down, the Meteorological De- partment in Brisbane and Mel- bourne will be impotent to promptly advise Northern resid- ents of the approach of danger. The situation demands a North ern meteorological station, fully equipped and in charge of an ex- pert. In the words of Captain Irvine, 'There is hardly a family in North Queensland that has not even its share to the death roll of the cyclone at sea or on land. If blood is the price of the met- eorological station, then we have bought it fairly.' In conclusion, setting aside for the moment the question of communication by land lines, or by wireless, the re- marks of that renowned meteoro- logical adviser, Mr. Clement Wragge, are worth noting : 'I guarantee that if I were resident either at Cairns, Townsville, Bowen, Mackay, or Rockhampton during the hurricane season, with my own private instruments not a storm should slip through my fingers without most ample warning being given. I am very decidedly of opinion that in ex- isting circumstances, a special weather bureau should be estab- lished in North Queensland, say at Cairns or Townsville, entirely independent of Commonwealth control, and the sooner it is done the better. Surely Queensland will listen to my voice!' . 