 Mr. Clement Wragge - AN OFFER FROM QUEENSLAND. Mr. dement Wragge, the eminent nssterologdet, who delivered an address in the School of Aria last night, and who will lecture again this ( evening, has been asked 'to -inaugurate a new meterological service in -North Queens land. He has v been- lecturing- now for about eleven years. Dining (that time he has bee: all through India (where' he lectured under the auspices of th'e Viceroy i connection with the Educa tional! Department and the Indian Government) and England. Sine# that occasion he has been all 'through New Zealand; and different Parts of Austra lia." Hie present tour commenced at Hobart, and is planned to extend all along the coast, -from1 Gooktown, to Thursday Island.. The main reason for his visit to Queensland is that he is 1 in receipt of -a cablegram from Towno- ville, asking Mm. to iaaugurahe a new m aflornl nrvloal OAwaloa j. \T An li h r\ . . .M A - - V «vvyv !IV» 1U xtuiuu vuegiiv- land for . ths warning of hurricanes.- The movement to have ; this station- erected was mainly started by the merchant and shipping .community chief of the latter . being the Adelaide : Steamship Company; Limited : (in view of the ; loss, of -, .the . Yongala „ a .few years ago), it . is . understood, that the: N orth Queeneland p eople complain that - they are unable to place reliance' on- the eiiatimg forecasts of the Gommon-/ wealth; Government. The first intima tion of the proposal Mr. //Wragge -re--- eirod was a cablegram/ dated . Janu- isy 23, ; .1914, . which he - received at Birkenhead, Auckland,: New Zealand1/ 'Will you. accept appointment |bhis cyclone- season /Townsville . at-bwenty. pounds per week and fare - paid ? If > o please, state earliest . date you can \eave. Signed,. Marks, Secretary Meteo rological Committee, Townsville.'/ Mr. Wragge answered that, he was unable to - make, the - journey, at that ( particu lar time, because he had already 'en - gagjed a manager; and . made all , other arrangements. &lt;in Tasmania -for a lectur ing t'our In that " island,/ but as he could not accept in time /to observe the last hurricane season- he hoppd tto be able .to.be at Townsville.next June to ' discuss, matters for-, the Xnext? hurrL cane.' His: tour -has tjeen nicely plan ned, and he. will be- in Townsville at- a date satisfaefcory to ".ail partiee; . Two cases of ' scarlet fever, at "pre sent in the Tweed District - Hospital , have been reported to the 'local auth orities. /, , \ 