 NORTH METEOROLOGY. AFFAIR. ' Straight Criticism. i Tint letter irom Mr. I-lunt, Government meteorologist (says the "North Queens land Register." shows that the tlie un expected determination of the North Queensland people to pay ' their own meteorologist in the cyclone season, lias shamod the Federal Government some what. tl Air. Hunt's weather prophecies are no better than his arguments, we are sorry for his department. He urges that the creation o( a meteorological bureau in the north would lie of uo value, because telegraphic communication might lm interrupted. Wliv not establish n ow- ppwered wireless station at Cairns suf ficient lo reach To'wnsville on one side and Cooktown oil tho ' other. II, is ridiculous to imagine that a port of the commercial importance of Bairns cuii he deprived ot tlie benefits or wire less communication. With three wire less stations in operation in the cyclonic zone, tho danger uf interrupted laud com munication need not he considered. The Meteorological Department lias liecn shamed into doing suniethiiig, and is now wiring to each port in the cyclonic, zone, three times daily, the state of the baro meter and otiier weather intmmaliou re garding the otlior northern ports. This is a valuable addition to their previous ef forts, hut unfortunately there are few up north who can deduce the course uf a cyclone from such Information. The Government arn giving, us the material, but not the man 'to make use n! it. If Mr. Wragge were in tlie north, ho would, when the indications became sinister, immediately advise as to the section of tlie coast likely to lie affected, it is pleasing to note, however, that tlie department have been moved to do something, and mayhap before next cyclonic season, a northern meteorologist, for the dangerous season, will he ap pointed. in the south, where tlie weutlior Is never heavy enough to r.cri- ously threaten a .well found vessel, weather forecasts only serve to reassure or warn timid travellers as to the ex tent of their seasickness, or to advise the elite of Melbourne or Sydney that it will be fine for the Governor-General's garden party or the A.J.O. ruces. In North Queensland, in tho cyclonic months .weather advice may save a couple of hundred lives. Yet, with true love of 'concentration, the. Meteorological Depart ment takes Uie garden paitv. and the nice meeting lo its bosom, and calmly allows the unannounced cyclonic storm lo pur sue its devastating career, Truly tho ways ,of the Federal .Meteorological De partment are wonderful. 