 SAYINGS OF TO-DAY AND YESTERDAY. I Circumstances alter kisses.—Caro lyn Wells. Many are men of probity—until you begin to pvobe.—J. Whitman. The man who can't remember when he was a fool is one yet.—Strickland Gillian. About the only way a wornau can keep a secret is to keep it going.— Nathan Levey. Woman: A being to run away from, or with—as the case may be.—Elbert Hubbard. Young men, 1 have to advise you to try to be good rather than great. You'll have less competition.—T. Lawson. The wages of sin is exposure.—Es telle Klauder. A high old time lays many a man low.—Cole Blease. On the door of success is "push," in brass.—Upton Sinclair. Lots of people will take everything for granted, except a hint.—Green wood Lake. 'TiB better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all, but It Isn't so cheap.—Sam Stimson. The trouble with the average mar ried man is that he doesn't know what a jewel his wife is till he comes to put liov In a oaBkot.—General Sickles. "Northerner" writes:—Anent the drought, the recent lieat spell, and the prospects ot the rain which promises and never comes, it is curious to note that when Queensland summer rains come early they slacken oil before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but It has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to the' extent o£ 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsvllle which doesn't get its ten Inches or so of rain a week considers itself in tho throes of a fearful drought, tho fact remains that tho monsoons are early this sonson, and if history repeats It solf we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean anti cyclones whioh spell rain for the south of tha continent. Tho pearl-1 fishers at Thursday Islaqd and Darwin bave a motto to the effect that an early monsoon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a wet one. We can do with it. It isn't so much that a woman wouldn't, but she hates to think that you think she would. 