 THE BRISBANE COURIER. FRIDAY, JANUARY 28, 1914. It is expected that 4000 bags of potatoes from the South will be landed in Brisbane, to-day. The name of the town of Nelson has been altered to Gordonvale The body of Albert Horne, who was wanted by the police in connection with the Lutwyche murder was found in Breakfast Creek, near Herston yesterday, the throat having been cut almost from ear to ear. No bullet wounds were found. Annette Palmer aged 18 years, resid- ing with her parents at Bulimba, is sup- posed to have committed suicide on Wed- nesday night by drowning herself in the Brisbane River, near the Hawthorne Ferry. Preliminary steps were taken yesterday towards sending an Australian rifle team to the Bisley meeting this year. Queens- land will have two representatives in the team. Brookes Wilding, Dunlop, and S. N. Doust have been chosen as the Australa- sian team for the Davis Cup contests. The Bundaberg Ambulance Brigade's new two-story brick building elected at a cost of £3400 was opened free of debt yesterday, the ceremony being performed by the Hon John White (Minister for Agriculture). At a meeting in Townsville last evening it was proposed to endeavour to raise sufficient money to establish a meteoro- logical station for North Queensland dur- ing the cyclone months and engage Mr. Clement L. Wragge. ihe total iinount eubscnlicd for the V letorian 4 per cent loan of £ 1,000 000 waa £4,540,700 Hie body of nhomas Reeks, a native of Sydney, fourth engineer ou the steamer Sccolia, was found in a disused pit near iVolvcrhampton, with several bullet wounds, and it is ¡nipp-ascd to be a case of nnirtler. Tho sunken submarine A7 hal been found in 23 fathoms of water, and pre- parations nie being uiado to raise her. 'JUic Queen Victoria Memorial Fund has been closed with the total at £325,000. Tubutcs of mourning are general throughout Canada m connection with tho death of Jaord Strathcona. A French dancing muster is suing Car- dinal Araetto for £4000 damages on ac- count of the caidmal's condemnation of the tango dance. ' lile oxecutrw* of the Federation of Trades! in South Afnen has decided to de- clare the guncinl strike off "until fiuther notice. " i 'JL'lio principal ballot was at a meeting lof minéis, tit which tho voting ivas 4« to 41 ni iuvoui of deelaimg tho btnke over. Tliu engine«-, voted in favour of remain- ing on stiikc. The executive of tho Federation of iVaUcs has leviuested permission ot the autliontie-s to hold a meeting of the Èenorat council .it the Jouaiiuesburg J-iades Hall on Sunduv morning. Work is to bo icopened at the ratlway woikshops at Pi etona on January 28. 