 The Weather. MR. WRAGGE AND THE SUN SPOTS. In these days when those once honored prophets of the weather- the corns aid gouty limbs ot our elders-have given place to scientific forecast, the farming community hangs with bated breath upon the utterance of the experts. The Auckland (N.Z.) 'Star' in- terviewed Mr. Clement Wragge, F.R.G.S.-the one-time Queensland Government meteorologist, and the foreteller of the disastrous Aus- tralian droughts-at his home at Birkenhead the other day. Mr. Wragge willingly acquiesced when asked if he could venture a forecast. The celebrated weather Prophet lives in intimate communion with thle weathler portents. An odd- looking barometer was at his elbow in his queer, workshop-like study; shelves of meteoro!ogical tomes lined the room. Outside was a box like structure which, to the uninitilated, might have been a meat safe or a bird cage. It was, in fact, a mini- ture observatory, in which clock work and electrical instrunents re- gistered thle vagaries of the atmo- sphere, or turned turtle, by an alarm arrangement, to tell the state of the temperature at a given time o' night. The Elusivc Sunspot. Thie meteorologist fetched a huge telescope, formidable as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting rays of the sun, and allowed a bright half-crown of light from the lens- the photograph of the sun-to play on a white blotting pad. "No sunspots and no rain just yet," -was the ruefull verdict "I've been expecting one just lately. It should appear shortly on the edge of the sun, and when it works to the centre conditions will be favorble to rain." The prophet next gave the bar- ometer a :professional rap, jotted down a figure, and dubiously said "Umph." Producing a chart of the Australasian regions, he went outside to test the direction of the wind and to find the lay of the low at- -mospheric pressure region and then commernces to rapidly draw wavy "isobars" on the chart. Looking Ahead. Mr. Wragge has computed fore- casts for the seasons of Australia up till, 1930, and these he says, are applicable to New Zealand, with slight modifications owing to the physical and goegraphical reasons. During 1914 and part of 1915, he says, the rainfall, taking Austral- asia as a whole will be under the average. This by no means implies that there will be no rain. On the contrary, good intervening rains will occur, and the last part of this period will be better than the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards the rainfall will markedly increase, and froim 1916 to 19220, inclusive, the seasons will be distinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to steadily fall off, and the worst part of the next great "under ave- age" period will be 1923 and 1924. Australians will be justified in call- ing that a drought. In 1925 mat- ters will begin to improve, and good seasons will prevail from 1926 to 1930. These forecasts, explained Mr. Wragge, are mainly based on the physical conditions of the sun wiith respect of its maxima and minima moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we are nearing the end of the solar minimum-or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we on earth have no conception, were least violent. The maximum period would com- mence at the end ol 1915, and until then, although he did not expect the seasons to be so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must not be anticipated. Intervening rains in New Zealand should give a heavier fall than in Australia. In the droughts he predicted, New Zealand would not suffer to the same extent as Australia, owing to its climate being insular, whereas that of the latter was continental. 