 A rather serious washaway on the Salmon line, a private line six miles from Cloncurry, is reported. Forty feet of the permanent way to a depth of 4ft, has been washed away, but re- pairs are being rapidly effected. On Thursday evening D. Roberts, a carter, was the victim or painful in juries as the result of a kick from a horse at the sanitary reserve, two ribs on the right side being fractured. The Ambulance attended and rendered first aid. The Harbor Board's fortnightly pay on Friday, in connection with harbor works, totalled £1377 6s 2d. The wages sheet is high at present, owing to the number of men employed on the jetty widening scheme, and also the number of mechanics engaged on the repairs to the Crocodile and other work. Messrs Wakeford Bros, hold an impor- tant sale of horses at the Show &nbsp; Grounds this afternoon, commencing at 2.30. Under instructions from Mr W. &nbsp; Duncan, they will submit 60 head, in- cluding the trotting stallion Shandy &nbsp; (by Emulator, the Australian record holder, out of Princess). A further lot &nbsp; of 50 head will be offered on behalf of &nbsp; Mr E. E. Carne, and on behalf of Mr H. C. Rasmussen, 30 head of light sorts. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; The resident engineer of the Mount Cuthbert line has advised that exten- sive damage has been caused on the Cloncurry extension by the rains, and as there is every prospect of a continu- ance of the wet weather it is improb- able that the line will be opened to Dugald at the end of the month, as originally intended. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; An entrance to Mr George Manton's residence at West End was effected by a thief during Thursday night. The only proceeds of the theft was a small sum of money which was abstratced from a lady's satchel, the nocturnal visitor failing to notice a quantity of jewellery on the dressing table. The matter has been reported to the police. At the Police Court on Thursday (says the "Northern Miner"), before Mr J. C. Linedale, P.M., William H. Sara, of Plumtree Flat, was proceeded against by E. J. Philipson, clerk of the Queenton Shire Council, for defacing a brand. Defendant pleaded guilty and was fined £5, and ordered to pay 2s 6d costs of court, and £1 1s professional costs. After 16 years prominent association with Messrs Cummins and Campbell, Mr Robert Mitchell will at the end of this month sever his connection with the firm in order to enter into business on his own account. Some time ago he purchased the freehold of the Sea View Hotel, on the Strand, and will on February 1 take posses- sion. Throughout the north, Mr Mit- chell has acquired a wide circle of friends, and that combined with his knowledge of the wine and spirit trade should ensure sucess for his new ven- ture. For some reason not explained the postal authorities in Brisbane sent no southern mail on by the Marloo, which arrived at Townsville about midday yesterday. The Howard Smith Co.'s Bombala, which calls in at Port Alma, did not reach Townsville till last night, too late for delivery of the mails. The week-end mail was thus held up for nearly 20 hours. As the Howard Smith boats lose time going into Port Alma, the Brisbane post office should send all mails in hand up to the departure of the Adelaide steamer by that boat; the later mail which goes by train to Port Alma could be brought on by the Howard Smith steamer. When a boiler is passed by the offi- cials of the Machinery and Scaffolding Inspection branch, the cap on the &nbsp; safety valve has hitherto been secured with a padlock, the key of which is re- tained by the Inspector, so that no one can interfere with the valve. A new idea is now being introduced, doing away with the padlocks on lock-up safety valves. The cap is now secured with a piece of copper wire and a leaden seal, the latter being stamped &nbsp; with the "M. and S." brand on one side, and a Crown on the other. The new scheme is much simpler, and more secure than the padlock, whilst the owners will be saved the cost of the padlock. In connection with the proposed Me- teorological station in North Queens- land, Mr Clement Wragge was com- municated with by cable on Thursday, asking him would he be prepared to come North to take charge of such a station on certain terms. A reply was received from Mr Wragge, who is in New Zealand, in the following terms:— "Sincere thanks. Residence impossible this season, because lectur- ing engagements deeply involved, but meanwhile will telegraph you warnings at five guineas weekly, from February 11, you paying wires besides. Shall arrive Townsville April to lecture in North Queensland. Will then lay foundation of first-class service for full working next season on terms you of- fer. Writing fully. Sailing tor Hobart February 3." A meeting of the Com- mittee will be held this morning. A meeting of the Townsville Society for the Prevention of Cruelty was held at the secretary's office, Old Town Hall, on Thursday, 22nd inst, at 4 p.m., when the following were present— Messrs H. Horn (chair), A. Reye. D. Fraser, R. Neelssen, and the secretary (Mr Geo. Armstrong). Mr J. H. Ruth- erford, the Inspector, was also in at- tendance. The inspector's report to December 31 last was received and &nbsp; read. It disclosed 12 horses working with harness sores and lame, five horses unfit for work, one case of overload- ing, one crippled horse abandoned, shot, one cow and two goats very poor, the goats being destroyed and the cow attended to; one very bad case of &nbsp; cruelty to a horse was adjudicated on by the P.M. and the defendant was lined 10s and the costs. The annual re- port was considered and the day fixed for the annual meeting to take place, viz., at 4 p.m. in the Town Hall, on the 29th inst., the secretary to ask per- mission from the Mayor for a room to hold the meeting;. - The secretary was instructed to advertise the annual meeting in the "Bulletin" and "Star" newspapers. This closed the meeting. The Federal Government are pretty well leaving North Queensland to run itself. They prefer to bury the money in the sandhills of South and West Australia to saving this section of the Commonwealth a show. S0 long as they can minimise sandy blight by crossing the deserts with railway lines they deem it unnecessary to attempt to protect shipping in the north in the cyclonic season. In consequence local efforts to supply the required warn- ings are to be made. Out Winton way "The Middleton Telephone Co." are erecting a line from Middleton to Win- ton. A post office department which gives about four postal deliveries a day in the cities think a mail once a &nbsp; month good enough for North Queens- land, and people have to build their own telephone lines. The consistent neglect of North Queensland by the Fisher Government is accentuated by the Cook Government. If possible Mr Wynne appears to be a greater paraly- tic in administration than his predeces- sors, and that is saying a good deal. When he can tear himself away from Flemington racecourse and Melbourne he might give this corner of the Com- monwealth come consideration. Captain F. W. Hood, District Super- intendent of No. 2 (in Queensland) Division of the Lighthouse Branch of the Federal Service, and Mr I. A. Ridg- way, District Engineer, arrived by the Suva on Thursday, after a northern visit of inspection as far as Clarke Island. In conversation with a "T.D. &nbsp; &nbsp; Bulletin" representative, Captain Hood stated they had been inspecting and taking levels at several places with fa view to the erection of new unat- &nbsp; tended lights along the coast. On the way North they stopped at Coquette Island, in the Howick Group; then at Dhu Reef, off Princess Charlotte Bay; Heath Rock, near Clermont Lightship; Tih Tih Reef, approaching Cape Direc- tion; Chapman's Reef, right off Cape Direction; Pyper Island Reef, and then at Clarke Island. They had beautiful weather for the inspection, which only occupied 10 days. Captain Hood stated that the lights would be unattended lights. There was at present only one such light on the Eastern coast, near Melbourne, which had given every satisfaction. The principle, however, &nbsp; had been fully proved in other parts. Captain Hood's headquarters will be at Townsville and he hopes to be es- tablished here in a few months' time. In the meantime there is a good deal of work in connection with the pre- sent inspection, and Captain Hood and Mr Ridgway leave for South by the Bombala to-day. 