 QUEENSLAND NOTES. (FRQM-OUR* CORRESPONDENT.) THE PREMIER'S TRIP. Mr. Deoh&m left for, London amidst con siderable display of goodwill. He- has a big task in band, but he also requires change and rest. He bas not only worked hard during tbe past session, but in. the earlier part of the year he made extended tours through the western and northern country, took ap'active part-in the-Federal elections, and was doubtless subjected to much anxiety in regard to the solidarity of his party, which was threatened, by the attitude of the Country. Liberal .party. In a fare well speech to his Parliamentary supporters he made the keynote- of bis -remarks the necessityincreasing the. population of the^eountry by immigration, and there is littlequestionthat this, will' beone of the matters to which he will pay; special-atten tion in England. The question- as -to who should actim . his place duiing, his absence was settled by the. rote: of the, party, and the; majority declared' for -the Treasurer -(Mr. Barnesh-id -referred fcphis suitability before,: and It; is- as weH that extraneous issues did sot lead the party to pass him over,; as wasganeraily expected. Before 1 eaving ifr; Denman made'a generous con cession inregprdfo the damages awarded him ahdr hisrwm.iig^inst. Senator Feri-icks. The damge^ 'wm-e foregone, and costs alone will have- to be, paid.. \Vnile not;wishing to discount the seherosity of the action, there is little doubt that Mr.-Benham was handicapped by the' threatened appeal, which would probably hhve necessitated his remainingQueensland, but for all'that he heed not hare done- as he'did, and by his action he has' justified. his statement in the-witness-box that Ins sole desire was to clear himself and his firm of charges, which, if not refuted, would have driven the one out of politics and the other out of busi ness. The verdicts he gained have given ample proof that the reckless charges of the ex-Labour-leader in the Assembly and of Mr. Ferricks: on the platform, were un founded and.unwarranted; TUB WEATHER. It is at least a redeeming feature of Aus tralian politicians that they recognise their limitations, and admit that an inch of. rain at the right time surpasses, the value of what they can themselves do. Queensland was becoming ;pt>xioiis, and the partial and not very heavy rains of a fortnight or so ago were a palliative/ but pot a complete cure for the. .evil of the dry spell. Now, the wet season/ bap: come, has come early, as inthe"■"gopd.'-dld" ,#ys,,and there is every, reason to suppose that another year of prosperity.awaits thiS State. But in the pastoral districts "there was a heavy toll by de£tb and,fire before the rains actu ally came. Theeountry had become like tinder, and the fire-fighters h$d a busy time. There wes, *6r seems to have been, an un usual-humbler of 'cases of missing 'men, and of ■ search- to' end only by finding '-all that was left."" 'Itds.early yet forthe-cyclonic storms albng the coast,-but we ihay-'expect theiramvaliri a rveiy few wedcs.^ It is perhaps hardly out of place , for :.fc writer who has he'en through at least-three of the most disastrous, and canjemembcr the time when Clement .Waragge would advise our coastal , shipping -and- bur r coastal dwellers almost hourly of the progress of the dis turbances, to. oxprpss a hope that the Com monwealth Meteqrological department will give the danger some sppdal attention. There is cableoommanicatibn with Noumea, afew yeaw ago. -^heyearling'fleets of the TorresBtravtsldidpf' .,'esternAustralia have th ba thoujht of, to say nothing of such ships as^the'Yohgala and the Room, nana. It'foay"he utterTy unreasonahle.-yet there Is no -Questioh that shipmasters along our eastern ookst believe that they were more effectually served in the days of dement Wragge thannt the present tune. *THB ELEOTOBAIi BOtLg, One read* with seme astonishment tha statement, that the Federal rolls in this Statehavebeenrevised aodbrought up to date, and that instead or the number of electors having increased since May last it has actually decreased; not by many, it is true, but by .1,157. It May the: Certified rolls sent to presiding officers contained 363,082 names. These were as nearly as the electoral office could make them clean rolls. Now, after six months, with a .steadily increasing population, with the youthful population reaching the age of 21, and with all the threats that, another fe deral election is imminent, we find,, the rolls, which were as clean as they could'be made under the. law, according to the offi cial statement, -contain fewer names. The .point seems to be this. Electoral officials nave asked for at least a month .before an •election in'which to clean up the rolls; The ■ Queensland figures indicate that-the clean ing process last! May must have, been months, -not -weeks, behindhand. When wetprn to the State rolls, where the Quali fication is 12 instead of 6 months residence in the State, we find only about 287$00 names enrolled, or, in other words, the Federal contain 75,000 names more than the State rolls. . We are asked by this to be lieve that there are in Queensland 75,000 adults who have resided in the State six months, but less than twelve months. It seems hard to believe. There are, roughly, more names on the Brisbane and- Oxley rolls. each than on the rolls for the State elec tors tescontained within those divisions. Therefore in those two divisions alone we have 24,000 adults. who have resided in Queensland Vsix- but not twelve months. These puzzles are some of the many which the federal Royal Commission might well try to solve. ■ THE UNIVERSITY. It-was probably with more of an eye to' public- effect than in hope of solving, a problem that Mr. Kidston, when Premier, seized upon Government House, and de clared that it should be. the home of the University. Already it is found entirely un suitable; as'anyone with any knowledge of the subject foresaw. . More room is wanted ■ —room for detached buildings—and. the State Governor (Sir William McGregor) and the members of the Senate have waited upon the City Council accordingly. It was an unusual deputation, and the city fathers appeared by no means at their ease. The ^University asks the council for "the Vic toria Park, an'area of over 160 acres, and within easy distance of the general hospital, and the Senate, with Sir William. McGregor at its head, practically says it is this, or move the University to Ipswich. At the lat ter place there is a splendid site which has been offered! The University has now four affiliated colleges, and a fifth is spoken of. Naturally the city councillors ..were. shy. of any proposition which suggested the' aliena tion of public reserves, and asked for time to consider. It is probable that eventually the- University will be established in. Vic toria Park. At a meeting of the Senate the other day a gift of £1,000 was received from the Colonial Sugar Refining Company, with a request that it be used for forwarding chemical education.- It • is aa open secret that this company attributes tbeuulk of its success to chemical-research,' and that it was fear of having: to disclose,this portion of its methods of business-'.which more than any thing led to its fighting-the case recently decided in its favour by the Privy Council. % INDIGNANT CAIRNS. Thfr-town of ; Cairns is in -a chronic state of indignation about railways, , sugar mijls, and' other subjects. When not indignant with-the'Government,- then ;it is indignant with itself—one-half 'offche down against the other. Foramoment the Government is left alone, and - public indignation has found a new outlet in .Dr.- Breime, the head of the-tropical medicine station at Towns ville, who recently lectured in Melbourne. He.»' reported to . have said that malaria is -rampant inCairns; and-the Cairns people are furious- at: this -detraction of the salubrity of their -town. . Far from being rualariaijithey hold .that C&iros is a healthy place, and, with, its- hinterland, an emi nently suitable locality .for.- tourists, or ex hausted . city men from the. south. .»- It seems more nhanmrdhable that Dr. Breirile, when he said thai malaria was. rampant in Cairns, meant that nt was so in a medical sense, and not in -that accepted by. the ordinary northerner, who. only, considers malaria rampant when it is killing people off with Tapidity. As -a matter of actual experience the eastern coastline of Queens land, as it becomes settled and conse quently drained, ceases to. suffer from rampant malaria, and the disease becomes quiescent, seldom appearing amongst the residents except in a mild form. New comers,, however, may get a. severe bout of it if they remain in the place for a few months, though that does not follow as a necessity. The beSt proof that malaria is almost a negligible quantity in the settled parts of the tropics lies in the fact that whereas thirty years , ago praGtieally none escaped, while many died of the fever, to-dey it is the exception if the new chum direct from Europe gets fore than a slight attack. As Townsville isfiut a few miles from Oaims, and Dr. Breinle is a frequent visitor to the latter place, it will be in teresting; to learn exactly what the scientist means by the word "rampant," if ever he used it. That the Cairns indignation may properly be described as - rampant goes without .saying. . &lt; / STOCK FREIGHTS. Last October I referred to the efforts ..of the meat companies to; induce the Govern ment to continue the 25 per .cent, rebate on stock freights, so as to prevent cattle being overlanaed to New South Wales.'The rebates had .been in. force. since .10Q4, and the Railway Commissioner, saving that stock freights, were not profitable,. urged their abolition. The meat companies de clared -that this Would add 3/6 per. head to the cost of stock. The matter.has been brought up . again, afterthe Minister had more than once consulted theCabinet. He told a fresh deputation, with some force, that it yv-as unwise for-any public utility to grant concessions, aa * proposition to discontinue .them was regarded ah an in fringement of an acquired right. He. has, however, decided to abolish half the amount ofrebate from-the,ntet or 1014, aUd the second half froih .the first of 1P15.. The, coij cpasipnkndwp as starving' stock rates is to be continued; ; Additional lnterestis lent to this matter, as it: emphasises the .point made by Mr. Denham in Melbourne, who, when questioned about the Beef Trust, directed attention to the feet that lbs carnage -d! cattle was in the hands of the Government, 'which controlled the railway freights. This added charge will, of course, affect the new American works equally with the locally-owneo 