 OUR WEATHER 8ETTLED TILL 1030. MR. WRAGGE AND THE SUNSPOTS. In these days, when thoso once ?honored- prophets -of.; the weather — the corns and gouty limbs of our elders — have given place to scientific forecast, the farming community hangs with bat ed breath upon the utterances of the experts. The Auckland ' Star,' copies of . which arrived by the s.s. Rivcrina, in terviewed . Mr. Clement Wraggc, F.R.G.S.— the , one-time Queensland Government Meteorologist, and the'' foreteller -of the .disastrous Australian droughts—at his 'home at' Birkenhead the other day. ' ' :. . . Mr. Wraggc willingly acquiesced when asked if he would venture .'a forecast. The celebrated weather pro phet lives in intimate communion with tho weather portents. An odd-looking barometer, was at his elbow in. his; queer, workshoplike study; shelves of meteorological tomes lined. the room. Outside was a boxlike structure which, to the uninitiated, might have been a meat-safe or a bird cage. It; was, in; fact, a miniature observatory, in which clockwork and electrical instruments ie_ gistercd tho vagaries' of the atmo sphere, or turned turtle, by an alarum arrangement, to tell the state of the temperature at- a given time o' nights. The meteoiologist fetched a huge telescope, , formidable as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting lays of the sun, and allowed a bright half crown of light from the lens— the pho tograph of the sun— to play on a white blotting1 pad. 'No sunspots and no lain just yet,' was his rueful verdict. ' I!vo been expecting one just lately. _ It should appear to-morrow or the next day on the edge of the sun, and when it works to the centre, conditions will be favor able to rain.' The prophet noxt gave the baiomctcr a professional rap, jotted down a fig ure, and dubiously said 'Umph.' Pro ducing a chart of the Australasian re- - gions, he went outside to test the di rection of the wind and to find the lay of the low atmospheric* pressure region, and thon commence to rapidly draw wavy '..'isobars' on the chart. \Mr. Wraggc has 'computed forecasts for the seasons of Australia up till 'Q3°v and these, he says, are applic able to New Zealand, with slight 'modi fications, owing to . physical and geographical reasons. During 1914 and part of 1915.' «e says, the rain fall, taking Australasia as a whole, will be under tho average. This by no means implies that there will be - no rain. On the contrary, good interven ing rains will occur, and the last part of this period will be better than, the first. From the middle .of 191 5 on wards, the rainfall will markedly in creaso, and from 1916 to 1920, inclu sive, ,the. seasons will .be ,-distinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will bogirl to steadily fall off,- and the. worst part of the next groat ' under-average' pe riod will be 1923 and- 1924. .Austral ians will be justified in -calling that_ a drought. In 1925, mattors will begin to improve, .and good seasons will pre vail from 192G to 1930. These ' forecasts, explained' - Mr. Wragge, arc mainly based on the phy sical condition of the sun with respect to its maxima and minima moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we are ncaring the end of the solar minimum — or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we on earth had no conception, were least violent. The maximum period would com mence at the end of 191 5, and until then, although he did not expect the seasons to be so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must not be anticipat ed. Intervening rains in New Zea land should give a heavier fall than in Australia* In the droughts he pre dicted, New Zealand would not suffer to tho same extent as Australia, owing to its climate being insular, whereas that of the latter was continental. 