 PROPOSED NORTHERN WEATHER BUREAU. MR. CLEMENT L. WRAGGE'S VIEWS. During the visit of the Federal Me teorologist (Mr Hunt). to North Queensland some months ago, for the expressed purpose of inquiring into cyclonic records, the matter of estab lishing a North Queensland branch of the Weather Bureau within the cy- clonic belt was urged upon him here and at Cairns. but more especially at the last-named place, where a Cham- ber of Commerce deputation waited on him and brought some strong arguments to bear in support of the proposal. Since his departure repre sentations have been made by letter by the Townsville Chamber, but with no effect, and the scheme has been definitely turned down by the Depart ment, principally upon the score of expense. That the proposal has the support of Northern residents gener ally there can scarcely be a doubt, and some there are who are so fully con- vinced of the benefit and necessity of the establishment of a bureau during the cyclone months, that despite the discouragement of Federal adminis tration, they are still moving in the matter, and believe that it is of suffi cent importance to warrant action be ing taken by the residents, even at some sacrifice and expense. Promin ent amongst these in Townsville is Dr. W. B. Nisbet. His duties as Quarantine Officer bringing him into contact with the captains and pilots of the overseas vessels, as well as the coasting steamers, Dr. Nisbet has had opportunities during the' past few months of bearing the views of sea sea-faring men, and without exception &nbsp; the necessity for a Northern bureau is acknowledged and supported. And amongst the ship captains. Captain G. Irvine, of the Innamincka, is inter esting himself most keenly. When It became evident that there was no hope from the Federal authorities, the ques tion of endeavoring to establish a bu- reau during the summer months by means of subscriptions and donations from citizens and public bodies inter ested was mooted, and some inquiries as to initial costs was made, with the result that a very interesting letter has now been received from Mr Cle- ment Wragge, whose fame as a me teorologist has been established throughout Australia, and who, it is considered, would be the most suitable man for the position. Whilst the Innamincka was in port on Saturday a 'T.D. Bulletin' repre sentative visited the vessel, when Cap- tain Irvine, in the course of a chat, produced the letter setting forth Mr Wragge's estimates and views. From &nbsp; this it will be seen that the sum re- &nbsp; quired would be about £1000. The let ter, which was addressed to Captain Irvine, was dated from Auckland, 5th December, and read as follows: — 'I value ever so much your kind let ter of November 10th, which reached me after a long delay, and I am glad to know that my arduous work in Queensland of years ago is at least appreciated by my friends of the ship- ping community and others, and es pecially in North Queensland. I will Just say here that before my weather bureau was disbanded by Government everything in connection therewith, es pecially re the warning of hurricanes, was first-class working almost with the precision as of a 'chronometer.' Furthermore, I will say without a mo- ment's hesitatlon, and in strict jus- tice to myself, that, had I been in of fice, ample warning would have been given of the storms that wrecked the Yongala and Koombana, with others. It is a matter of correct diagnosis of the isobars and the faculty of reason- ing the thing out from the winds, clouds, barometric figures and other elements. Knowing that the founda- tions that I so faithfully and truly laid for the weather signal service have within the last 10 years been ne- gatived continues to be a very sore point with me, inasmuch as utterly apart from every personal considera- tion, I loyally devoted the best years of my life in every minute detail to the service of Queensland and Aus tralasia generally, and I regarded my stations as so many 'pet babies,' which I was destined to lose. Without be- ing egotistical, I know, my power full well In this matter, and that no one at present in these States can ade quately take my place. As matters now stand, I recommend that an en- tirely independent weather signal ser vice should be established along the coasts of Central and North Queens land. There should be at least nine stations ln the region indicated, and to equip these properly would cost about £25 each. In addition, arrange ments would most certainly have to be made with the French and Pacific cable companies whereby cypher mes sages could be received at the head office— say at Townsvilles or Cairns— from the stations at Gomen, Noumea, Norfolk Islands, and Suva. With re spect to observers at the Queensland belt of stations some remineration should be given to each observer, the amount to be decided by those who organise the new service (unless, of course, any enthusiastic volunteers should come forward). Furthermore, a code telegrams, formulae for which are in my possession, would have to pass to and from the head office with respect to the new stations, and as the telegraphs are a Federal concern these would havs to be paid for. Probably less than £1 per day would cover this item. An assistant would be necessary for clerical work at a salary at the rate of say £200 a year. I suppose that the new service would operate only during the hurricane months, say from December to April inclusive. With re spect to myself, I must be perfectly straightforward. Since my weather bureau was disbanded scientific lectur- ing and writing have been my means of living, and this is still so. At present I am engaged to commence a new lecture-tour, opening in Hobart on Feb- ruary 14th next, from thence It is pro posed to travel, via South Australia, to lecture in Western Australia, pass ing round the North Coast and lectur- ing through North Queensland between June and October next. Also I have acquired interests in New Zealand which require my presence there for at least three months out of the twelve. Thus I prefer to leave the financial as- pect of my own case to the considera tion of my many friends In North Queensland, so as to hear what they propose. Excluding myself from the estimates already given, you will be enabled to formulate a decision as to what the whole thing will cost, not losing sight of the fact that the finan- cial proposals entirely cover the hurri cane months only. In conclusion, I would again say how heartily I appre- ciate your communication, and the ef- forts of Dr. Nlsbet and my other friends, to whom please, as opportunity offers, convey my kindest remem- brances. The necessary instruments, apart from my own private outfit, which I have here and sufficient for one station only, would have to be ob tained from London, and if necessary a cable could be sent for them to the makers with whom I used to deal ln days gone by. With best wishes, yours sincerely,— Clement L. Wragge, late Go- vernment Meteorologist of Queens land.' Captain Irvine, whose experience with the Innamincka in the Cairns hurri cane last year, will be fresh in the memory of everyone, and whose con duct was the subject of the warmest enconiums from the passengers on that occasion, had some interesting things to say in connection with the necessity for such a Bureau. 'The first question is,' he remarked, 'can we raise £1000? People are ready enough to come down with their money when a disaster has occurred, but will they be ready to do so beforehand, and as a method of insurance against such disasters? Per sonally, I think the best thing would be to form a committee here or in Cairns, or in both places, to work it up. I have no doubt that numbers of people would be willing to subscribe, but there must first be some authorised source to receive donations. It must be remembered that this is not for the benefit of the North simply. It will be for the benefit of everybody from Thursday Island to Melbourne. Prac tically all the crews of the coastal ves sels are from Sydney and Melbourne, where their families reside, so it is not a local question. In another sense, however, it will be a local question for the North. When the Panama Canal opens these Northern ports will be the nearest to America by that route. But sea captains will not care to bring their ships into the narrow waters .be tween the coast and the reef, within the hurricane belt, when they know there is no meteorological station here to warn them of coming disturbances. A hurricane when one has sea room is a much less dangerous experience &nbsp; than one in confined waters. And the sea captains have a big say in these matters, as they are the eyes and the ears of the owners. They would na- turally prefer to give North Queens land a wide berth and make for a southern port outside the disturbed belt. And this, I believe; Is the only such coast In the world which Is .lot protected by the establishment of a weather bureau. 'It is up to the North to put forth their best exertions and get some such bureau established. Of course, people only recollect the years in which some great disaster has been caused, at in tervals, probably, of several years, but every season there are several of these disturbances which strike somewhere. The coastal ships are getting bigger every year, and the numbers of the crew increasing. For instance I have 60 on this ship, and there are many larger on the coast. And It is worth while doing something, to protect the lives of so many.' Dr. Nisbet, speaking on the same subject, warmly supported the views of Captain Irvine. Speaking of Mr Wragge's letter, which he had seen, Dr. Nisbet said it would appear that nearly £1000 would be required. As the Federal Government would do nothing, he thought the people of the North should take the question up. The probable sources of revenue, he thought, should be subscriptions by the general public, shipping companies, marine and insu-. ance companies, and a grant from the State Government. It would, he thought, be only necessary to provide for one hurricane season, for in after years, when it had once been shown that the citizens were prepared to put their hands in their pockets to obtain the protection they desired, the Fede- ral Government would be prepared to take action. He had spoken to num bers of people- who were convinced of the necessity of the establishment of the bureau. The Chambers of Com merce both at Cairns and Townsville had shown themselves to be in favor. He thought it would be advisable to get a public meeting, and form a com mittee to get the scheme moving here and in Cairns, and at other centres, leaving it entirely in the hands of the experts appointed to say where the head centre should be established. 