 Settled till 1930. DRY AND WET SEASONS. Mr. Wragge and the Sunspots. In these days, when those once honored prophets of the weather— the corns and gouty limbs of our elders—have given place to scienti fic forecast, the farming community hangs with bated breath upon the utterances of the experts. The Auckland "Star," copies of which arrived by the s.s. Riverina, interviewed Mr. Clement Wragge, F.R.G.S.—the one-time Queensland Government Meteorologist, and the foreteller of the disastrous Austra lian droughts—at his home at Birkenhead the other day. Mr. Wragge willingly acquiesced when asked if he would venture a forecast. The celebrated weather prophet lives in intimate communi on with the weather portents. An odd-looking barometer was at his elbow in his queer, worlc-shoplike study; shelves of meteorological tomes lined the room. Outside was a boxlike structure which, to the un initiated, might have been a meat safe or a bird cage. It was, in fact, a miiniature observatory, in which clock-work and electrical instru ments registerd the vagaries of the aitmosphere, or turned turtle, by art alarum arrangement, to tell the state of the temperature at a given time o' nights. The Elusive Sunspot. The meteorologist fetched a huge telescope, formidable as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting rays of the sun, and allowed a bright half:crown of light from the lens— the photograph of the sun—to play on a white blotting pad. "No sunspots and no rain iust yet," was his rueful verdict. "I've been expecting one just lately. It should appear to-morrow or the next day on the edge of the sun, and when it works to the centre, condi tions will be favorable to rain." The, prophet next gave the baro meter a professional rap, jotted a figure, and dubiously said "Umph." Producing a chart of the Austra lasian regions, he went outside to test the direction of the wind to find the lay of the low atmospheric pressure region, and then com menced to rapidly draw wavy "iso bars" on the chart. Looking Ahead. Mr. Wragge has computed fore casts for the seasons of Australia up till 1930, and these, he says, are ap plicable to New Zealand, with slight modifications, owning to physical and geographical reasons. During 1914 and part of 1915, he says, the rain fall, taking Australasia as a whole, will be under the average. This by no means implies that there will be no rain. On the contrary, good in tervening ra'ins will occur, and the last part of this period will be bet ter than the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards, the rainfall will markedly increase, and from 1916 to 1920, inclusive, the seasons will be distinctly good, with abundant pre cipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to steadily fall off, and the worst part of the next great "under average" period will be 1923 and 1924. Australians will be Justified in call ing that a drought. In 1925, mat ters will begin to improve, and good seasons will prevail from 1925 to 1930. These forecasts, explained Mr. Wragge, are mainly based on the physical condition of the sun with respect to its maxima and minima moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we are nearing the end of the solar minimum—or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we on earth had no conception, were least violent. The maximum period would com mence at the end of 1915, and un til then, although he did not expect the seasons to be so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must not be anticipated. Intervening, rains in New Zealand should give a heavier fall than in Australia. In the drought he predicted, New Zea land would not suffer to the same extent as Australia, owing to its climate being insular, whereas that of the latter was continental. 