 Northern Seteorologica! Federal ebrewiimnt to be Agile In response .to e;-equest from the Cairns Chabnber ol Commerce, the Mayor .(Aid. Pi MtKeniie) convened ' a public ' meeting /»t ' the Counrll Cbambera'bn'WVdnfeday afternoon to discuss tha question 6t the establish ment: of a 'Meteorolb rickl Station in . Nor^ Queensland fl ho Mayor pta- , sided, and )£ere ware also present : Messrs. J. ^Jison/^je. S. Mann. ?. J. CatUle, S, tt'.'WBjiier, T. H. Donald ? son. W.-H.'j.;Mayers,' B«ev. J* Kirice, . DrTytie/f^l^.-^Craig. An apo logy forobsapoe wafe received from Mr. A. J.- Dr^jJer. ;^iio was attending the Northern ^i^a* Workers Board. The Mayor ia opening the meeting said : We -are ,'|ierf eclly satisfied that it is necessary rin'the interests of Ufa and limb, and '?th»;ijrotection Ol gen eral property t,that tipre should be a meteorologlcii action -.establishaa in North. Aue^idutfU TJ& sparse , at tendance thjtB/M^gfpbntmight Mac-* . Counted loi5 -b(J;. th» jiacj, th-tMr. Cl*. went Wrag^-i^Tenowned meteOto. logfist. to Sri^om^ovpty«ne looks for general Utorinitiou, will not be here until rome'ifeie to april. I under stand he te^ttojng. hira to lecture' on the aatter/i^^ffe that' we may possibly cin. fchother - public' meeting and be able to' decide' best where ' ' is tlie aoBtauita^le j4i-.ee for a meteo. rolpelcal ^tatfbn. We are really In thehaad, ot£xperlB, ana when Mr. Wragge la.hMBe. wetrfli form'* better idea of the wl^ole ifiing. I would now * ask tAa Wjr^sflehtitjvts of the Cham, lvr cf Coiibnerce^to move the resqlu t:ons thej- iw.vedodded u^on. ;Pr. tCyrieyBii ^3 *he motion is r«t r*aw*~-'f«is*jitemcnt that them was a baroirrjiPJi'in-Cairns. Where is it?- : ?' ???'??;y? ??'?-? :?? the itejtror : At thi PrBt Omce. The fie&eiaryipi the Chftinber ot '???,??? »**i * ' Commerce then read a letter, received recently fanfe the' Towns«ille'; Met eorological . Bureau, jwbich ' stated that thti question .of , the' establish. meat of ,a Kcrlli.iiuiitfte' 'r * y- ' tion had been engaging Uis- attent- ion of the Towosviiie Chamber of Commerce, U.'a Khipping community, ~an«l others i-ikotoe time, -is the cj^loni Ecjson was edvanced, f and the Commonwealth Government tad written stating they.co-jld iot es tablish a meteorological ? Etatiotf .- in North Queensland, it TCasrcoast(Jered necessary to ta'ire prompt independ ent action. A public . meeting failed by the Mayor on January 22nd Jj-ad been very largely attendeo, and it was unanimously resolved to estab lish a meteorological- bureau at TownsviUe. A committed liad * been formed, and Mr. Wragge had been in vited to come to North ' Queensland and take, charge. The trustees of the . icmgma iuna bad dccidedr.to -'offer £100 towards the project-. A .tele firam had been sent to the Pos^mas. tcr General and Prime Minister .ask. inb tLat weather telegrams be .sent to the bureau free of charge. It was estimated that the cost of. the Bur eau would not exceed. £400 'auring thepreeent fcyclone eeaeon. i^tji cq- . «peratioh of Cairns was invited; ' , A second letter jrom the same source . under, date January 2$ th sta ted a cable had been sent to Mr.. Wragge offerina; him £2o'wj*±Jv t-~ come and take chargie' during the cy clone seaEOn anaa replyjiad been received from him stating it was im possible 1 oic him to do so thji season, but mentionea that he wbiinl be lee turing in North Queensland in April when tfce niattqr, could be - placed on a sound basis. Tie letter- from Townsville further mentioned , that although a g5od start had been mado ^t was. hoped to further the object desired' by the fullest co-operatioa be tweea Cairns and TownsviUe. Dr. lyrie iyOn looting round the room I see the banking and commer cial interests represented here, Uo. fore a motion is moved I think it Should be known how much support those interests are going to ^ eivs to the Brolect. Mr, J. Alison : Wia matter has been altered somewhat owing ? to Mr. Wragge finding himself unable to accept the oler made by tie TownstrUle people. I would suggest th*t Weget in touch wth our Fed eral members '.of Parliament and ask them *ourge the Federal Govern. ?*nent W appoint Air. Wragge met eorologist in the North during *h0 53*Jone season. Mr. .Hqnt.jthe Com monwealth Meteorologist, - came to ? Cairns aad we interviewed him, but Jhowfint south and seemed to carry more rWeightjhan we did, with the K»Jt that theF-ederai Govirnment acting on his advice, can^lerea i- ' Fan 'unnecessary to have - meteoro logical station established in North Queeasland. We thipk differently. Wo should approach ' tho Federal G«v croment through otu; members and try and infuse a little enthusiasm in to the Powers that 'Be, and*see' if ' we cannot «sire the appointment of Mr. Wra^ge. next year. Mr. Donaldson Ll don't think it is much use'ih approaching the 'Federal Government Wiar '? as Mr. . Wragge Is concerned, but I d«T think we shoul J 'have a.meteoropgicai station in NbrtH -lneens'teaf. You lwUl ' have noticed in the press that the Post master has received advice that when conditions are suspicious' tele granJB are to Ee exchanged 1h-{wcob stations that lie along the cjast from Seaffill to ThEreday T^md. The mere fact of exchanging tele grams between tfiese . stations is n» «s2 to the residents of Cairas. We ' ?do.not pose as 'weather experts nt.d would not know what to mate or tte' telegrams when we received tliem. '-'' Dr. Nisbet has informed mo that £340 hat been promised tow.ir,^ - . proposed meteoroltfeical' station; but unfortunately, owing' to the fact' that Mr. Wragge cann«t come,' ? no thing can be done till next year. Pr. Tyrie: Surely if Mr. Wra^g« * ? - ' . ?'? ' .. ' i catuaot come someone else can take the {iqsiticn. Mr. Donaldson ; I think we -should go bold-headed for the Federal Gov erniucat, ? ? ' Dr. Tyrie : Go fcald-hcaded your eeU and do something. - t ;BIr.. Donaldson : We should~ agitate for a wireless station straight array. There is too possibility- of a meteoro losrciU station being- established hefia straight away. .What is t6e ..use of having sucn a . station \t Cairns has no wireless, and .cannot get into coaun-nKation with other ' places. You Injw that telegraph' lines are frequently ? down. in thawet season, alEO in the dry season, m wh.n Ihsre bk bush &TcS.v' All the' meteorologic al stations in the 'world will be of no use to you unless the. lines ' are working. I would like to see a huge petition from all the ' residents of Cairns asking for a 'irirelesr station her*. A station' with a radius of '200 ror 300 miles would be* sufficient. Dr. . Tyrie ;. I agree with .Mr.'' Alison and Mr. Donaldson so far as the wireless station is concerned,- ' i»ut when itcom.es to the meteorological fetaUon it 5s another matter Jt Yqi -take the interests represented by Mr, . Alison. an4Mr. Donaldson. You all insure against fire and other things, but why don't you insure against cy, clonic damages? Why -not plank -town the dollars*? It is purely a'cap italistic thing from end to end. . if tne cost -were split up 'amongst you it would be a very small thing-. I do not see why yon should not instit ?ilnu wireless amongst yourserreB. ? Toe Mayor : r agree with Mr, ,A1 ls«-ii tbatthe matter has cbaajsd through the fact' that Mr. Wragge cannot accept the position offered to ?fciin.-. X thimc the best thing is to move a resolution -. that ' this meeting ?whilst in accord with everything that bjd been said to connection with the establishment of a meteorological sta. tion, ?remains in abeyance until Mr. Wragge has visited North Queens land. I will move to that effect my. ?df. Mr. Alison : I . think we should write to our Federal members an*, see what can be done.. We can mea tion Mr. Wragge, but if the Gov ernment liave another man, good and well. We want a meteorological sta tion in the North, and this public meeting should take the opportunity of passing a resolution to bring the matter. before-the Government. ' 1 dp not see why the .Northern, people Should Sit dnwn and'dn nnHiitur aha Mayor. This meeting was Cal led for the purpose of encouraging a meteorological station intheNort:i which Mia be commenced, I .amder;' «««nu. fcy -pri\-ate ?. enterprise. . -Sup- X*3]!* yoapffer the position to Mr. .^*?&Ba *r «ny other man. If he |ias any reputation to loose he is- not Sotog to come up her for six months pod then lose his position for the r«. tnainder of tie year. Mr. Donaldson : Mr. Wrogge-WautH to Come here tor tour months. The Mayor : Perhaps he does and peihaps he does not. if you offer him a five months engagement he might take it. My opinion is that It is better to leave the matter ..in abey ance for the tune being, or else, as' Mf- . Alison tas suggested, writ* and ask the Federal Government to tatethe matter np. Mr. Alison: Mr. Wtagge. promised to come -np for Jour months of tke jew, during the.eydone season. The Mayor: There Is no' proposal to engage him for five years. I think it tar better to adjourn the meeting tOl we hear Mr. Wragge epeai on the subject, . Mr. Donaldson : I am In favor Of writing to the authorities. One rea son Mr. Hunt adduced against the establishment of B 'meteorological station in the North was the pop. illation basis. MIe said the popula*. ion did not warrant such a station, and it wojld be establishing a'pre cedent. To my mind that argument has failed because since then I hear that a Wireless Sfation has been es tablished at a-place called Macquario ?T«]aa«l. I do not s.-e where the poii . - - - — ^3 ? - ulation -comes m there. I think ' we should quote that in our letter. The subject is one which should interest «lf: parts of Australia, because South epa people have many interests in v ?. the North. I move that we write to the Federal Government and ask that a mcteorolobical station, te estab ' lished' in the Nortb, also that vo consider Mr. Hunt's argument about ? tha population basis is void. : The Mayor *. I am wi linj to drop . my' resolution. , ' Mr. Donaldson : I have followed this matter very' closel-\ and I ego e Jiir we should 'have a station in ? Nortb Queensland.' . Mr. Alison seconded th» motion moved by Mr. Donaldson. Dr. Tyrie': I will move an amend ment that action be 'delayed until a ^canvas has been, made among tfc« lfjtHfog business people, and it ' is aacertainea what financial support they will' accord the project. . The Mayor : We 'are going to fb- Government, and we expect them to Pay far the dot.,.- . ' ' -Er. Tyrie: A lot of people Conia here ana do nothing but -yap, yap, yap- *~' -. -. * 'Tlie. Mayor .:.? You do the same. , . -/©r.. ^Tyrfe : You ?_. are as good as anybody at yapping-. I will with draw my amendment. ? ._? The motion movfid by Mr. Donald Son was then put and carried. On the motion -sfDr. Tyrie, secon ded by Mr. Cariila, it was decided to support the action of the Cairns Chamber of Commerce in their . Agi tation for '«, wireless station at Cairpa. .V ' . ??_ ? 