 GENERAL »EWS. TENDERS FOR RAILWAY STOCK. The Railways Commissioner received ten- ders on Tuesday for the construction of 50 broatl gauge sheep vans, class Bb, also for 40 class Mm sheep vans, nar- row gauge. ? Six tenders were IC ceived for both class of vehicles, that of Messrs. J. S. Bagshaw Í: Sons be the lowest in both cases. Tenders were also received foi- loading, unloading, aud stacking coal and firewood at Petersburg. RECORD RAILWAY TRAFFIC. The output from the Broken Hill mine« has during tliis year been bigger than over before, and last week 24,800 ton» of ore were forwarded, which is a record. Over half a million tons of ore and coal have passed through Cockburn during 1914. The quantity of artificial manures carried by rail for the season to June 6, 1914, was 76,862 tons, au increase of 2,987 tons over the corresponding period of last year. THE MUNICIPAL TRAMWAYS TRUST AND MOTORBUSES. At the meeting of the Municipal Tram- ways Trust on Tuesday afternoon, it was decided to advertise for tenders for a large quantity of motorbuses. The advertise- ment will appear on Thursday morning. EXHIBITS AT THE MUSEUM. A new system, which will be greatly appreciated by visitors to the Adelaide Museum, has been introduced> at that in- stitution bj- the Director (Mr. Edgar K. Waite) in respect to the display of - the latest additions to the collection of ex- hibit«. Instead of placing these in their classified positions as soon as received, a special case has been provided on the ground floor for their accommoekition during the fiist week or so. By this means regular visitors to the Museum will be enabled to see at a glance what has been added most recently. Last week the case was occupied by a fine collec- tion which included some wonderful speci- mens of work done by natives of the Hanover Bay distinct of North-Western Australia. These were spear-heads made from stone and class bottles, beautifully formed and worked into a scries of fine points extending .right, round the hoad«. The excellence of the flaking is wonderfid when it is remembered that the crude tools used were made by the natives from human and kangaroo bones. Some of these are displayed with the finished articles. A skull of a Zulu from Isan (lihana, NataL presented by Professor Watsons nvakes an interesting addition to last week's collection, and. some iron throwing knives of curions shapes, and having blades and edges projecting in different directions, with handles covered with tanned skins, were shown, being the work of natives of Western Africa. Another exhibit which attracted attention -«ras a tomahawk made in stone by natives of the SontWEast of flris State. Tho Director?presented a weH-esecirted model of Ore ""Honorable Hoddy" nugget of gold which was found a few years ago m the West Coast district of New ZealaniL This splendid nugget, which was given to the King, was valued -at S4O0, and is still the "argestfoumd in the -Danrniion. Tlie Director also presented a fine case of eggs of birds which he collected during his recent cruise with Dr. Mawson's ex- pedition. These embrace eggs of the wandering albatross, the Boyal albatross, the moUymawk, and others, some of which are new to the collection. This week's showcase contains a very beauti- ful assortment of butterflies from Coram mid New- Guinea; and some remarkable beetles from the " Coen River. North Queensland, taken bv the Museum col- lector (.Mr. W. D. Dodd). In addition there are; a large number of British bird.V skins recently . acquired by the, board. These arc additionally interesting, 'because they represent varieties from which many Australian species have derived their names. A comparison can be made, for instance, between the local magpie, wag- tail, thrush, or wren, and the British birds bearing these names. PRAISE FOR THE MURRAY BRIDGE ROWING EIGHT. The S.A.R.A. committee, at its meeting on Tuesday evening, received a letter from Mr. E. Kenny (bon. secretary of the Vic- torian Association), in reference to the recent oight-oar race in Melbourne, as fol- lows:-"At the last, meeting of my com- mittee I was directed to convey to you the hearty congratulations of oin« members on the fine race put up by your represen- tatives in the recent eight-oared cham- pionship. Although the crew did not win wo feel that the members are deserving of the highest praise for their fine exhibi- tion and plucky race, and the spectators whose good fortune it was to witness this magnificent contest owe a debt of grati- tude to your crew, who played such a prominent part in it. I shall be grate- ful if you will kindly convey to the mem- bers of the crew the congratulations of Victorian oarsmen on their line effort." The.letter was. much appreciated. The secretary of the association intimated to the meeting that he had forwarded a let- ter of_ congratulation to the Tasmanian As- sociation, whose eight had won the race. It was resolved to convey to the Murray Bridge Club the hearty appreciation of the association of their performance. LITIGATION OVER A RIFLE MATCH. It is a rare thing for a lawsuit to aiise in connection with. rifle shooting, but a serious dispute, which arose as far back as 1911, between the »South Australian Rifle Association and one of its members is lo be decided in the Adelaide Local Court. The case is set down for hearing to-day. At the annual matches of the association at Port Aelelaide in September, 1911, the score of Mr. J. T. Lake, the well-known marksman, w.'is disallowed in the second stage of the King's match. It was com- plained by the range officer that Mr. Lake, when asked to take his turn at the firing mound, delayed his shooting for 10 minutes and declined to fire when requested to elo so. It is understood that Mr- lake's ob- jection was that the marking was bad at the -time. The executive committee of the association decided to disallow the score, and Mr. Lake was thus prevented from re- ceiving prize-money amounting to about £20 and a silver medal. Legal action has been instituted by Mr. Lake for the re- covery of the prize withhelel from lum. Mr. N. A. Webb, a member of the. council of tlie association, has agreed to bo named as tile elefendant on behalf of the associa- tion, as otherwise it would have been necessary, it is stated, for every member of the association to have been proceeded against. TWO INTERESTING PICTURES. Invitations are extended by the board of the Public Library, Museum, and Art Gallery to the public to inspect two large watercolor groups which are 'hanging in the vestibule of the administrative offices in the eastern wing of the museum buildings.' These pic- tures, painted in 1874 by Mr. Alfred Clint, show a number of gentlemen who were prominent citizens in the carry seventies. They were executed to the order of Mr. W. R. Morton, at that time licensee of the Southern Cross Hotel, and one of them has that bmlding for its background, while the other shows the King William-street eleva- tion of the General Post-Office, with the old police-station, where the Telegraph Office now stands. Amongst those who may be easily recognised are the Governor of the day (Sir Anthony Mus- grave! and Lady Musgrave, Dean Russell, Archdeacon (afterwards Dean) Marryat, the Hon. T. Reynolds. Inspector Searcy (of tlie police department), the Hon. Ebenezer Ward, Mr. Justice Boucaut, and many other gentlemen well known in the public and commercial life of the State. A list is in course of preparation'." in which it is hoped that the names of all the members of the group will be included, and the board of governors would be -glad to have the assistance of the public in identifying any of the figures whose names are at present unknown to them. I CYCLISTS ON FOOTPATHS. Cyclists who ride on footpaths must know that they are breaking the law and that they render themselves liable to a substantial penalty. Nevertheless the of- fence is constantly committed, and pedes- trians are subjected to a danger that ought not to exist. A number of cyclists have recently been riding on the footpaths in Payneham, and on Monday several were taken before the chairman of the Payne- ham District Council (Mr. F. 0. Siek mann) and were fined various amounis. ABORIGINAL ART. A number of native drawings on bark, which are exceedingly interesting, have been secured by Professor Baldwin Spencer from the Alligator River, in the Northern Territory. It appears to be t'he mistoni of the natives _to decorate the bark huts in which they "live, and also the surfaces of their rocky shelters in tliis manner. The drawings are extremely realistic anti true to life. 'Piiey oexmny a board 40 ft. long and 7 ft. iiigh, and a very large number of ob- jects is included. _ These represent mythi- cal .spirits and animals of various kinds on which the natives hve. A strange eltarac tcristic of tbe.drawings is that the internal anatomy of the animals is usually given just a* though they were transparent. In addition, although only one side is repre- sented, two eyes are put in. The drawings are in red and yellow ochre, white pipeclay, and charcoal. They are considered to be the most 'highly developed of any drawings by aboriginals yet found in Australia. SCHOOL FOR PHYSICAL TRAINING. In connection with the Commonwealth Defence scheme, one of the most important ..satures is that of training the junior ca- dets, boys between tlie ages of 12 and li. lins work k left largely in the liands of the school teachers. To make sure that only the best methods of instruction are u«ed, schools for the physical training of teachers are being held throughout the various States. South Australia is par- ticularly fortunate in having as controllers of_ the movements such able officers as Cap- tain Kinnish and Lieutenant Woolley, men who have . had long experience not only a= military officers, but as instructors of young folk. Peters- burg, being one of the most ?important places in the north, was chosen as a centre for a school, and 37 teachers including tlie staff of the local high school, assembled in the school grounds on Mon- day, May 31, and for a fortnight with whole- hearted enthusiasm entered.' into the spirit of the training. Schools as far north as Amyton and as far south as Farrcll's .Flat were represeuted- The school closed with an examination on-Friday'and Satur- day last. Physical exercises, including marching drill anil properly organised 'games, were practically and theoretically dealt with, and the principles of first-aid also received close attention. Tlie work is stremious and exacting. Still the teachers recognised that it was quite im- possible for their schools to be kept closed for longer than a fortnight, and were grate- ful for Hie opportunity of making them- selves conversant with a work which is bound to be "recognised more fully as the years pass. The demands of the work left little time for relaxation, but the teachers found a few minutes daily for e-ricket, jumping, football, baseball, roun- ders, tennis, &c. Most of the candidates passed the test, some gaining honors, lrat all have.gone back to their work better fitted to- carry on this - highly important branch of child training. The teachers arc grateful for the help given by Cap- tain-Kinnish and Lieutenant Woolley, and «lso for the work done by Lieutenant No dan and Sergoant-31ajor Morrell. The offi- cers and teachers are loud in their praises of the hospitality of the Petersburg folk. Thev are especially grateful to the Mill and Methodist Tennis Clubs for the use of their courts, and the'institutc committee for the use of the members' reading room. The people generally gare " them a warm wel- come. GK)VIî**r?O^BXv-E>n5RAL AS HOST. Evidently Sir Ronald Munro Ferguson, the Governor-General, ia not a man who stands on ceremony. After haying received an address from representatívea of tlie Melbourne and Metropolitan Board of Works his Excellency entered into informal conversations with his visitors and placed them thorougldy at their ease. Municipal matters greatly interest the Goventor General, and he discussed tliese in a free and easy manner with His visitors .(say» the Melbourne "Herald"). Sir Ronald Munro Ferguson has been associated with several municipalities in Scotland, and he spoke of the crowding of population into Glasgow. He said that he would be in- terest«! in watching developments in re- gard to thcmovcmcnt of population in Mel- bourne. His own exrpcriencc had been that the question of water supply was the most important in connection with municipal ad- ministration. Afterwards the Governor General took the members of the board to inspect the Raeburn, portraits which he had brought out with him. and gave them some interesting information about the pictures. STREET CAR COURTESY. The departure of Minneapolis schools in giving lessons in street car courtesy is at- tracting wide and favorable notice (says the ."Milwaukee Journal"). The training consists of arranging chairs to represent «eats in a street car. Pupils then occupy all the chairs and presently girls enter the lisle. Of "course, the boys are taught to give up their seats to the ladies. "If this training impresses the boys with the".value "of courtesy for its own sake, it is much to be commended. The question of street car courtesy is much debated. " The' right of the person who occupies a seat to hold it cannot be denied. But a great force is created for the comfort and happiness of society as a whole when the individual learns the value of sometimes giving up a right to which he is entitled for the good of other members of society. The boy who regards it as a privilege to be cour- teous to ladies has 'learned an important lesson in the solving of our human prob- lems, -which are clueflv questions, not of who shall obtain the largest share of liis right«; but of who shall acquire the wish to serve others." SOUTH-EASTERN RAILWAY SYSTEM. An influential deputation is.being organ i?ed to wait upon the Commissioner of Pub- lic Works (Sir Richard Butler) on July T, and urge the Government to convert ¿he railway system in the South-East to the broad gauge, THE WEATHER. The Government Meteorologist icportctl on Tuesday night:-Cloudy to dull and cold weather has been experienced over all but the far western parts of the State to-day. Temperatures have been, on the whole, well under (K1 cleg., and only reached a maximum of 48 dcg. at «Stilling West. At Adelaide the highest reading was 57.1 d«^;., reached from a minimum of 39.2 deg. No further min was re- ported up to 3 p.m., but for the 24 hours ended 8.30 a.m. light and scattered showers had been recorded south from the Jjuira, the highest being 30 points at Meadows South, and 21 points each "at Millicent and Mount Gambier. During the same period also no rain had been refolded in Western Australia, but light j to moderate falls had been íegistered throughout Victoria, with the exception of the north-wettei n quarter, where the falls were more scattered. In Tasmania scatteied light to heavy falls were gauged, and also over the coastal parts of New «South Wales. Light to heavy rain had al«-o fallen in the south-eastern corner of Queensland, and Brisbane íe ported a further fall of 30 points up to 3 p.m., associated with a thunderstorm. Tuesday's weather chart indicrates that a very laige anti-cyclone covers the whole of the continent, with its centre over the southern patts of this «State and extend- ing over the Bight, the highest isobar reading 30.0 in. As is usual with a large winter anti-cyclone, we may expect the cloudy and cold weather to continue, particularly over the southern areas, with a shower or two over the Mount Lofty Ranges and in the South-East. and .vari- able wind». Frosts are likely in the north. The Marmora left Melbourne at 3 p.m. on Tuodav. and is expected to arrive at the Outer "Harbor at 7 aan. on Thursday. This vessel . will leave for London at 0 p.m. Particulars of the train service for passengers embarking aie advertised. There has been a change of dates in the Diocesan Social Serviee lectures, as^ adver- tised elsewhere in our columns. The lec- ture by Mr. W. Wragge on "Reformatorv methocls" will be given to-night, instead of next week. On Tuesday next the annual Home for Incurables ball will be held at Unley H io Excellency the Goveinor0and Lady Galway will attend. Tickets may be had from members of the_ committee, of which* the Mavor of Unley is president and Mr. G. T. Powlesland secretary. The Trade Commissioner in, London tele- graphed on June do to the Government: .'Wheat market quiet. Liverpool market steadily held, but not active." CROOKS & BROOKER, LIMITED, .eil best furniture at reasonable prices, and guarantee satisfaction. Our beautt ful catalogue posted free.4 Terms to suit ill clients. Address-Rundle-street. *44e JEAN, LTD., have just opened some pretty Novelty Millinery «suitable for pre- sent wear.. Address, Netter Buildings, Bjndley-streei. *S5:S4 In the race for Boot Supremacy, Ezy i -walkin is thousands of feet ahead. *76zc "Sonia" Liquid Paraffin, the new remedy for habitual constipation, 1/ and 2/ pet bottle. All cliemists. *45wai224 Gramapbejiies.-Cokimbia, His Master's Voice; Pathepbone Machines and Records. AH records tried over.-E. T. Eddy, 48, Gawier-place, 2 doora from. Rundle-st. T136wai224 To-day.-Lunch at the Adelaide Tea- rooms, Basement, Alfred Chambers, Cur ric-strect. Comodious rooms, an efficient ?staff, and cuisine unsurpassed. | Tl36wi224A2/4 