 Cairns Chamber of Commerce, Monthly Meeting ~ - A Northern Meteorological Station. Some Interesting Correspondence. Health Matters in Innisfail District, Tbe Monthly meeting of the Cairns Chamber of Commerce was held on Friday afternoon. Mr. T. H- Eonald son presided, and there were also present Messrs. B. Sturt, H. Wilson, It. T. McManus. A. -J:- Draper, J. Smithers, and the secretary (Mr. £h S. Mann). Tbe following matters were dealt with in .the L.ward correspondence : — . From the Einaaleigh Shire Coun cil, enclosing a letter sent to ' the Postal ' Inspector, asking for an al teration in the mail service to and from Cairns. The present service/ it was pointed out, was unsatisfac tory, as all stations west of Alma Pen got practically only one mail a wfo'i each way. It was decided to refer the letter to the executive for reply. The Chillagoe Hail way Traffic Man ager wired : 'Re charge, Dimbulah, we have made no charge for re-bo ol.- ing at Dimbulah* - I understand the . charge is made .by some agent there. We only, propose to charge for 'extra handling.' The following further wire was also received : -'If the business people doing business with Mount Mulligan open ledger accounts at Dimbulah for the Mount Mulligan railway freights, there need be fio agency charges. We will simply re book in the usual way. From tha secretary, Townsville Chamber of Commerce, enclosing a letter from Dr. Niscet on the subject of a meteorological bureau for North Queensland. The letter le-d as follows : 'Melbourne, April 21. The secretary, Townsville .Chamber of Commerce, — Vovr letter of ths 9th.' instant on this subject reachcd me on m.v' arrival in Melbourne on Fri . «'a.v, April 17th, and as my stay wa6 li' ely to be short, I ' d:d not d -lay in getting to writ 2 on the mat ter. ' I saw the Under Secretary for Home A flairs at 4 p.m., and discuss ed it with him. . The Minister (Mr, (Kelly) had left for Sydney that 'cftpm on, and was not returning un til Monday. The Under Secretary could offer no opioion beyond that the Department hed done all that wa£ possible, and he suggested that It. would be well to interview Mr. Hunt, in order to come to some ar rangement. - Although Mr. Hunt s \iews were well known, I did not thins it wise to object to this sug gestion, and tVe aip ointment was mado for 10.30 the following Satur day morning. I found Mr. Hunt still obstinately oppesed to any modification of the existing arrange \ ments of weather bureaus. He main tained that everything possible was done, and the Brisbane office had full instructions to issue inde» fendent weather warnings as fre quently as was thought necessary, in times of urgency, and that was all that . was required. No argument 1 «ould use .would obtain any further conciliatory* proposal from Mr Hunt, and after an interview lasting close upon two hours, I stated my inten tion to bring the matter directly un Ider the notice o! the Min'dter for Affairs. With regard to employing Mr. Clement Wragge to issue inde pendent weather forecasts during the cyclone season, Mr. Hunt stated he wonld welcome such action on the part of the northern residents a-, cal culated to show how unnecessary * cuch a station was, and how wo would get no more practical infor mation or warnings than we were getting at present. This, I think, is seriously open to doubt. On Mon day, 20th. I was able to arrange an interview with the Honorary Minis ter (Mr. Kelly) who has charge of the Department of Home A&airs, for 3.15 p.m., In order to surpo.t tha case, I asked Senator Givcns and tha Hon. F. Bamford to accompany me, which they willingly, did. Mr. Hunt was present at the request of the Department. Senator Givend intro duced the deputation, and took the opportunity to 'point- out the- difiira bility of a wireless station beirg es tablished at Cairns and Mac'_ay, to ^ convey . information in cass of the land lines failing. This was really foreign to the subject-, but the Minis ter accepted . it as a meejos of com bating the argument re failure to telegraphic communication. I ad vancer! every rca:on . possible why the Northern weather station was necessary, but aftier an interview lasting three-quarters of an hour, cpuld only obtain a promise from the Minister. that the matter would receive serious .consideration, aid the establishment of . wireless stations at Cairns and Mackay would be strong lv recommended to facilitate the transmission -or ? observations and the issuing of forecasts along the Queensland coast. I was asked by Mr. Hunt to point out that his de partment had fully the interests of North Queensland in mind, and to gi ;e the present s^ stem a trial to sea how far his office was meeting the necessities of the case. There is no doubt that the department is being entirely guided by Mr. Hunt ill this controversy, and I see no hope of any further concessions beirg made in *fy.t direction. Until this agitation began there is no doubt the Federal Meteorological Bureau existed chiefly for the southern traveller and pas toralist, and North Queensland was almost overlooked. This campaign has improved matters somewhat, and some points have been gained which wore at first refused, which shows that continued 'agitation may gam further advantages. I would sug gest that if Mr. Clement Wragge is in the neighbourhood , he might be in vited to meet th=. Chamber of Com meree'or others interested, and dis cuss' the matter from a technical point of view, for it is with scien tific points now that we are opposed by Mr. Hunt, who uses arguments which obviously cannot te contradic ted bv the casual' observer. A sug gestion has been made to me that a consensus of opinion of the cap tains and PUots trading with the Queensland coast would be val uable as to the -v durability of exhibiting storm warnings at all important stations and lighthouses, in case of dangerous weather condi tions .threatening. I would be ob liged. if you would send a copy of this letter to the Cairns Chamber of Commerce, as' I would li.-e them -to know that my efforts fcaTe not been directed to forwarding the in terests of Townsville alone, but the whole No-th Queensland coast— ?Yours faithfully, .W. B. NISBET. The President said tbati 3'. Car ter, manager for Dalgety and Co., would move at the conference of Local Authorities to te held in Perth this month the following resolution : 'That the Chambers of Commerce and Northern public being most con cerned in the cstablichment of a meteorological bureau in North Queensland, with a. view, to Safe- ' guarding the public and shipping at sea as well as in port during -tEe Cy» c onic, season of the year by furnish ing timely warnings (cyclones in the north of Queensland being of annual occurrence) the matter be urged upon the Minister for Home Affairs as ol vital importance, and reciting the earliest attention, so that effect may te gi.en thereto in December In an ticipation of the season 1915.' Mr. McManus moved that a letter of than' s be sent to Dr. Nesbit and the Townsville Chamter of Com merce. and that Mr. Carter be asVed to represent the Cairns Chamber of Commerce at the general conference to be held at Perth. The motion was carried. Regarding .the formation of com mittees to deal with various matters affecting the Chamber, between the meetings, it was decided ? to ask the executive to furnish a report at the; n°xt meeting. Mr. Sturt said he had recently visl t d the J ohnstone River district. There was a disease going about there called Sprue. His id a was to write to the Tropical Institute at Towns eille, and ask If this was re ceiving proper attention. He assured than that thtf number of people who had died from this disease, and the number who had suffered from it, would paralyse his hearers.. In a letter to the ]-ress some time ago. Dr. Tyrie had nsVed if those in charge of the Institute of Tropical Diseases had ever given any advice ? o tbe public or doctors on various matters, and - thrre was no answer. It would tie interesting to 1 now what the Institute were doing in this matter. He moved 'That the sec retary write to the Institute of Tropical Diseases at Towqprille, and also the Towns rille Chamber of Com merce, regarding the possible spread of Sprue in the North, ' it being- re* ported that it was somewhat com mon in the Innisfail district,' also suggesting that circulars be sent to various bodies dealing with- this caus2, treatment, and cure of this disease.' Mr. Sturt added. that he had been asked by some of the In n'sfail residents to bring this matter before the Cairns Chamber .of Com-; merce, and felt he should do so. Mr. A. J. Dr.rper seconded the motion, which xras carried. In response to a letter from 1he Korth. American Manufacturers' Ex port Association, it was decided that the Chamber become an honor ary member of that As~ocia?ioij. This condudcd the business. 