 GENERAL NEWS. GOOD FRIDAY. The holiday spirit was abroad in Ade- laide on Good Friday, but not boisterously. Crowds left the city for the country and the seaside, and many visitors arrived "to stay over the Easter holiday-.." In the city the streets wore a Sunday-like aspect, except that the cars ran as usual. Special services were he'id in churches of all de- nomination.«*. In the evening a special mis- sion service wais conducted at the lung's Theatre. The speakers were the Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Rutter Thomas), Canon Hornabrook, and the Rev. W. Wragge. At the various picture theatres special pro- grammes were presented, and "The Dan- dies'' gave a sacred concert instead of their USURÏ performance. In accordance with Act of Parliament the hotels remained closed on Friday. MR. KINGSTON IN OILS: A BAD PORTRAIT. Some life-size portraits in oils have lately been placed in Queen's Hall, Federal Parliament Houses, Melbourne. They in- clude Sir Henry Parkes, an admirable like- ness; Sir Samuel Griffith, very good; Sir Edmund 'Barton, also good; Mr. Andrew Fisher, really excellent,; and Mr. Kingston, just about as bad as it could be. It really hard to believe that it is intended for Mr.' Kingston. It ' is not surprising that some members of. the Federal Parlia- ment, personal .friends, did not know who j the. portrait,was supposed to represent. A leading Melbourne paper described it as a portrait of, Lord Tennyson. The writer of the paragraph probably knew Mr. Kingston and did not know Lord Tenny- son. The portrait should be withdrawn at once. It would be better to have none than such a grotesque caricature. There is nothing in it characteristic of the de- ceased statesman. The shape of the head is absurdly wrong, and the entire pose of the figure is ridiculous. The Eng- lish sculptor, Mr. Drury. R.A., has pro- duced a statue of Mr. Kingston with the likeness so good that a former Ministerial colleague when lie saw it the other day in London was, he says, so impressed that he spontaneously raised his hat in recognition of his old friend. If such ex- cellent work can be done in bronze there ought to be no difficulty in producing the same result oh canvas, especially when it is remembered that there are any number of good photographs available to aid the artist. In any case the picture now on view iu the Queen's Hall should be forth- with withdrawn, from public exhibition. RECKLESS MOTORISI*. It is a common complaint against a certain class of motorists that they en- danger the lives of people waiting to board tramcars. A case in point occurred at 6.30 p.m. on Good Friday at the inter- section of South-terrace and Hutt-street At this place, as in the case of many others, intending tram travellers are obliged to stand near the tram line, be- cause if they remained on the footpaths they would probably, owing to Cue short delays ot stopprng places, be left lament- ing. There is *an obligation, therefore, on the part of motorists, as well as on the part of the public, to be careful at such dangerous places. On Friday night, however, a motor car, running very silently, dashed past the South-terrace cerner just aa a tramear pulled up. The motorist, travelling at an excessive speed, left barely enough room between his car and the tramear for the passengers to board the latter, and when they had done so they were exceedingly pleased that they had not been standing a foot further from the tramline when the motor j dashed past. TTSITLN-G BOWLEß-S. Nineteen members of the Ballarat Central Bowling Club and 'two ladies arrived in Ade-atde by the Melbourne ex- press on Good Friday morning on a visit to tlie Adelaide Oval Bowling Club. Ofii eialä of the Adelaide club met them at the station, and the visitors were driven to the Grand Central 'Hotel, where an informal function in the nature of a reception was held. The president of the Adelaide ciub. "Mr. A. -M. I'ettinger. wel- comed the visitors and expressed the hope that it would be iu the power of his club to iepav in sonic measure tho kindness and hospitality its members received at tho hands of the Ballaiai. club when they la-st visited that eily. The president of the visiting olub (Air. A. !.. Bickan.) ¡e sponded, and expressed the pleasure he and his fellow-clubmen felt at -ocinü again in Adelaide :o ..vnew old fricrnJohips. Tircv hoped they would ù>c able to carry away Uie challenge shield presented by "iii. G. M. Evan, but whether they won or lost, they were certain co have a good time. During the afternoon the visitors and their hosts played a game of bowl'*, at the ovtvl rink. ! THE WEATHER, Tlie Observatory authorities reported on Frsday art 9 p.m.:-The weather conditions throughout South Australia to-day have been in marked contrast to the sultriness of Thursday. During the night the dis- turbance which Thursday's weather chart depicted over the Bight passed Adelaide and the wind veered to squally south-wes- terly. The strong south-westerly w-nds freshened the conditions remarkably, and although the sky was cloudy at times no rain occurred in the city, except a light shower in the early morning. The tem- perature at the Obsc-rvatory ranged be- tween a minimum of 61.2 deg. and a maxi- mum of 70.8 deg. The Adelaide barometer has been rising all day under the influence of the large "high," whidi pushed in so rapidly, and the reports to hand show chat the anti-cyclone is maintaining its energy,' so that further line cool weather with fresh roitth-westerly winds may be expected, al- though some light showers are likely to occur along the south and south-east ooai-tä*. The forecast is:-"Except for a few licht coastal showers, generally fine, with cool west to south winds. Squally, but moderating on the south and south-east coasts."' NORFOLK ISLAND. The romantic history of Norfolk Island, which formed the subject of an Act passed by the Federal Parliament last session, at- tracted much attention to the measure, which sanctioned the transference of its control from rho State oi New South Wales to the Commonwealth. The Minis- ter of External Affairs (Hon. P. McM. Glynn. K.C.) was asked on his return to Adelaide on Thursday what 'the present position w.-is with regard to this (ransfe*, arid he said he expected at any moment an announcement that the Order in Coun eil had been issued by the Imperial Gov- ernment vesting the island in the Com- monwealth, in accordance with the Federal Act. All that would toen remain would bo to make the neees-iary arrangements with the Governor ol' New South Wales (Sir Gerald Strickland) for fixing a day on which the Commonwealth proclamation shall be issued bringing in:o force, the pro- visions of the Act. This Till probably by done within the next six weeks or two months. AU matters incidental to :hc transfer arc now being prepared. PLAYING- ROOM FOR SCHOOL i CHILDREN. _A correspondent writes:-Th? Mayor of Unley, LieutenantvColonel Dolhnan, in speaking at the annual demonstration of the Unley High School, gave es-pression I to a need of the high schools. After speaking hi-rhly * of the advantaf.es con- ferred on the community "by thv High Schools, he went cn to say Oat they still stood in need of many things. Tlie playgrounds at Unley were total!** inade- quate to provide facilities for al those pupils who indulged in the various sports. Unley would have to light for --»laying room as it had fought in the past lor the infants* school. He recommended the establishment of a parenü**" committee to second the board of advice. He had bim -iclf been educated in Unley school, and was having his own boys educated there, and would do ali he . could to sufport such a committee. Tire first thing it would have . to remedy was tlie present ''tate of the playing grounds, and provide for the establishment of school arbors and garden?. Only by means of such &lt;om mittees could the advantages of the 'n'gh school system be secured to the full for the public. A GHOST -iX A' SEALSKIN COAL That was surely a _ remarkable story ' which Canon Sutton, vice-chairman of flic Cumberland County Council, told in a lec- ture on "Spiritualism" to the church peop'ei of Dearham, Maryport. He was dealing I with the possibility of a dying person's form appearing to the individual in his o" her mind at the moment of death, and h" related an extraordinary experience w-hie-l befell him. He befriended the orphan daughter of a clergyman by obtaining he: a situation as a governess. She became encaged to an officer of the Indian army, and Canon Sutton gave her a sealskin coat as a present. The affair turned out un- happily, however, for the officer jilted her and broke her heart. Some time after- wards Canon Sutton dined at Dovenby Hall and rode home to Bridekirk, on a clear, moonlight night. Near Dovenby school, at 12.15 a.m., he saw the fonn of the girl in her sealpksn coat. The hor=e seemed to see something, too, for he stopped. On reaching home the canon told his wife what he had seen, but she laighed at him. Nevertheless, he ' learned later that the jrirl had died at the verv moment she apoeared to him on the road, that at the time of death she was wearing the sealskin coat lie had given her, and that her last words were to tell him -hat she forgave him for introducing her to her faithless lover. Asked if his experience on the Dovenby road had not shzken his nerves. Canon Sutton replied that he had no nerves-which is, one imagines, a good tiling for one who sees ghosts. MR. WILLIAM O'BRIEN. Mr. William O'Brien, who his accepted a challenge to re-sign Iris seat End nut up again, has quarrelled in his time with moat of the people with whom during his stormy eareer he has been associated, iut no one has ever questioned his burmng sincerity. He has been nine times prosecuted for political offences, and has spent irom fir-t to last over two years in prison. In Tul- lamore Gaol in 1388 he refused to weiir, prison clothes, and lav for weeks in bed, whi'e angry debates took place in the House of Commons over what was called the question of O'Brien's breeches,. Even- tually another suit was smuggled in ti him. Another episode in Mr. O'Brien's diversified career was amusing. He was defendant at the time in the town of Mid- dleton in a Coercion Court.. Military ami police filled the town and surrounded the couit-house, and great extatememt pre- vailed. In ttie midsc of the proceedings. a telegraph messenger in uniform walked coolly through the military lines and passed unchallenged through the cordon of the police fto the court and u-j to the magistrates' bench, where he handed his missive to the presiding magistrate. Til magistrate opened the telegram ind reid an instruction to adjourn the trial purport- ing to come from Dublin Castle. Mysti- fied beyond measure, he ad.iourr.ed the trial, and great was the popular rtjoicing. But it soon transpired that the \ -pfhole thing was an elaborate and skillfuly car- ried out hoax. The uniformed telegraph hoy, and his telegram, in perfectly eorrcct form, were entirely bogus. How the thing was done was never revealed-even to Mr. O'Brien himself. THE NEGRO RACE IN THE UNITED STATES. Those who gather their judgment of the negro race in the States from the occasional reports of lynchinga would find much to correct their estimates in the report of the World's Student Christian Federation. Fifty years ago, for example, less -than 5 per cent, «of negroes could read or write; to-day the proportion is 68 per ceat. At the time of emancipation it was prophesied that the negro would die out. "Ever ready to accommodate his friends, but in his own peculiar way, he has ^proceeded to die out bv increasing his numbers from 4.000,000 to 10.000,000 in fifty years." Neither in Africa nor anywhere else has he attained "an average state of development as high as in the States. Perhaps more surpris-1 ing than anything else to a reader of the j report is the tale of trades followed by i the negro. There are 750,000 farmers, i 70,000 teamsters, 35,000 railway hands, 36,000 miners, 33,000 sawmill employes, ' 24.000 dressmakers, 20,000 barbers, 20,000 nurses, 14,000 stouemasons, 10,000 engineers, ' and firemen, 20.000 in militarv service, 21,000 school teachers, and 18.000 in other professions. Characteristically it is added that the negro has added many hundred million* to the wealth of the country, and has accumulated for himself a net surplus of over 600,000,000 dollars. They have 35,000 church "edifices." And in the asso- ciations connected with the student move- ment there are (.5.500 members. It was the fiftieth anniversary last year of the aboli- tion of slavery. When the real problem of the negro race is being considered it is vi-ell to remember the vast changes that this' half-century has made. ' THE SCHOOLGIRL OF NEW SOUTH WALES. A few (lavs ago Mr. Carmichael, Minister for Public Jnsrtruction in New South Wales, published wrae interesting information dealing with the occupations taken up by gills upon leaving the primary schools in the State. "We received information," he «aid, '"concerning C,144 girls who left the primary schools last year, either to take up home duties or to enter bom« occupation. Of these girls 2,2*23 left the metropolitan schools. 122 the -"chools in the Newcastle district, and 3,297 other country districts. Naturally by far tho greater proportion of girls left home to take up home duties, ami 1 think it only light to mention in this connection that the girls who leave our M-hools at the pre-ent time are very much better fitted by means of our new system of domestic training to assist their mothers in home dut*e*->. and later on to manage homes of their own than before domestic science was carried on to the extent that it is now done. "It is significant, how- ever, that while 07 out of every 100 girls in the metropolitan district left school to take np home duties, 85 out of every 100 country girls loft school for tire same pur- pose. In other words, 33 giris out of every 100 come into industrial competition in the city, while only 15 out of every 100 come into competition in the eoontiy. Three hundred and sixty-nine girls left school t&lt;> enter into each commercial oc- cupations a» clerks, typists, and sales- women; 205 giris became dressmakers, 119 coming from the eily and 17 from the country; 83 girls entered the millinery and 101. the tailoring trade; 127 girls left'school for the purpose of becoming factory hands, the majority naturally coming from the metropolitan schools, 114 jarla entering the Sydney .factorieB, EUC the f^-tories at New castle, and «even factories in other parts of the country. Seventy-nine girls left school to become teachers in public schools, nine to become teachers of private schools, 16 to become governesses, and four to be- come music teachers." A HALF-CROWN HORSE. Ii is not often one can become the proud possessor of «a horse for the modest sum of 2/6, but that was the price which a horse realised at an auction sale m Hobart last week. The bidding was started at a shilling, and the horse was knocked down at half a crown. ? Baldwin's, Unley-road, will be open un till 6 p.m., to-day. Several very enjoyable round-the-gulf | trips have been organised and consummated during the past season. Probablv for the jaded «ty mau, and for the equally jaded, nervy, household, worried (but never com- plaining) wife, (or sister), there is nothing more conducive to recuperation of health than a few days' jaunt on the briny. But, for appearance sake, take care of your face (or faces). Sea air and sunshine are all very well for your physical cc-nstitution, but injurious to the delicate skin. By uring Alpine Snow occasionally the possible effects of sun, wind,, and sea are reduced to a minimum. Bo sure you get Alpine Snow! *94wll5 Ladies should consult Mdlle. Celestine at her French Toilet Salon, 88, Rundle street, above Pianola, for Electric Bead , Hasstge, Greyness, Baldness, Dry and | Oily Dandruff. The renowned Philo Phdo-Carpine for beautifying the hair only obtainable from Mdlle. Celestine. *45we "Sonia" BÍ3nrathated Magnesia, new cure indigestión, 1/, 2/6, all chemists. *45wai22-l i A good deal of money can be saved in House Furnishing by sending for our ' Catalog or by inspecting our large, np-to-1 1 date stocks. Our low expenses at Port Adelaide enable us to do this, and at the j same time supply goods of the best qua. lity.-E. G. Sho"-ney, Furnisher, &c. *333wi:329 Tradesmen.-When spending your hard! earned money for tools, -whv not take ad- vantage of our long experience and low j prices at '"Sheffield House," Charl es-st. ' *97,9,101 It will pay you to have your dresses and j suits cleaned by those well-known expert dyers, Schlork & Co. (W. M. Shake- speare)! 54» Gawler-plaee, Adelaide. T207weo:26t The link that binds is honest value. Ezywallon. supply yon wholesale for cash. *í6z« JEAN, LTD., Milliners, are making à speciality line of "Guinea Hat**," in pretty shapes of Tagel, Felt, and Black Velvet -Address, Netler Buildings, Hindlev-st' *85:84.. Now showing, winter boots. Open Thuv dav night; 6 Saturday.-Miss Hameicc, Hindmarsh. '99-201 ÏTTRNITURE AND LINOLEUMS, good assortment and quality, with low prices. Every article guaranteed. Tenns x> suit all clients. Beautiful catalague free. Crooks and Brooker. Ltd,, Bundle-street. *44o\ BURNS PHILP EUROPEAN INCLUSIVE CONDUCTED] TOURS, 1914. t ! PER S¿. ''WILTSHLRE,'* 2Sth APRIL. £170. ALL TRA"?!*!; EXPELES PATO, INCLUDING HDTEL. STEAMER MLLDÍ-3 RAPIDLY. BOOK NOW. DO >OT HESITATE AN UNEQUALLED OPPORTUNlTi: TO SSE THE BEST OF THE WORLD AT A MINQfUar OF COST AND TROUBLE. FULL PABmCüiÄRS ON APPLIOA. TION. BURNS, PSLP, & CO., LTD., ' TOUR AND TRAVEL DEPT, BROOK3ÍAN-S BUILDING, GE^NFELiSTREET, ADELAIDE. *92eow« 