 Northern Meteorological Station. (By Telegraph). CAIRNS, January 23. The Chamber of Commerce this af ternoon discussed the establishment of a meteorological station. Mr. Donald son produced a letter from Mr. Cle ment Wragge to Captain Irvine. Men tion was made of what had been done in Townaville, and general approval was expressed at the action, and the locality was agreed to after considera tion. Mr. Warner said the object was to have the station erected. It was thought by some members that a com munication would have been received from Townsville. Mr. Donadson suggested asking the Mayor to write to Townsville, asking what had .been done, as co-operation between both towns was a necessity. He outlined the proposal of Captain Irvine to raise money by public sub scription in Southern centres of population, as well as throughout the North, and also asking shipping com panies to co-operate. The Chamber should ask Townsville to forward par ticulars and information by the ear liest mall, or perhaps by telegram. This suggestion was agreed to. A motion was carried to ask the Mayor to convene a public meeting as soon as advice was received from Townsville. At a public meeting in Townsville on Thursday to consider the establish ment of a meteorological station for the North during the cyclonic season. The Federal Government's refusal to take action was condemned, and it was decided to put in hand a scheme for a private station for the North. Mr. H. B. Marks was appointed sec retary, and a committee formed con sisting of the Mayor, Ald. R. W. Mc Clelland, and Messrs. C. Short, L. C. Woolrych, E. Aldons, G. H. Moore, and J. Donaldson. It was suggested that the shipping companies, Marine Insurance companies, coastal local Authorities, and the Yongala Relief Fund be asked to contribute. Mr. Clement Wragge had forwarded de tails of a scheme, and it was decided to cable him In New Zealand, ask ing him if he would accept certain terms offered. It is understood the trustees of the Yongala Relief Fund, have, consented to contribute £100, provided the balance required, about £325, was raised. Free land tele grams will be asked for from the Federal Government. It bals been decided to erect a hos pital at Ayr, tbe building and equip ment to cost abbttt £2500. £200 bas been cWlectid, of. Milch the. efforts of the ladles wire Mspbnslble for £178, and further promises represent £60. "Mr. A. E. Deab has been sp pnlnted Secretary at a salary of £100 per annum, .a cbtnmlttee appointed.' wlille.the appointment of a ladles' was left in the hands of, the ladles.' v . ' j 