 MEN AND MATTERS The result of the poll taken on Friday for the Kalgoorlie ' seat in the Westra- lian Legislative Assembly was : M'Leod (Labour) .. 1462 Boileau (Liberal) ... 774 Only 55 per cent of the total voted. Sententious remark of a Sydney day- lie: "But South Africa is neither Australia nor Great Britain." Let us hope not. And we further trust it isn't Alaska or India either. It works—that Denham Electorifica- tion Act. In the Paddington electorate there were 5565 names on the old roll. On the gerrymandered new one there are 4348! What a lot of "left," "lost," or "dead" suffragists for the "old cemetery" constituency. The kind of justice which women may expect in a place where Toryism has full sway was shown in Victoria last week. An effort was made by the Labour party in the Legislative Assem- bly to have the wages of women school teachers raised to the level of men doing the same work. The House re- jected the proposal on a party vote, and another amendment to provide that women should receive at least four- fifths of men's salaries was also re- jected, tbe Labour party and one Libe- ral only supporting it. Women of Vic- toria, advance—backwards. Munro-Ferguson, Governor-General, elect, is described as a prominent Im- peralist, a hater of Land Reform, as an owner of 26,000 choice acres in Scot- land should be, and an Ulster reac- tionary. From this it seems that the change from the rather democratic Denman is scarcely an improvement. Still, fortunately, the G.-G. has very little real power, so the difference is of small consequence. Digbydee has been trying to bluff ttie London press that the rise in meat prices is not attributable to the activi- ties of the Trust. The rise in prices, he said, was due to the increased num- ber of consumers and the diversion of Australasian shipments to America and the Continent. Exactly. But who engi- neers and controls those American ship- ments? A reprehensible practice exists in our police court methods. It is the haling of all accused persons, or such as are brought from the cells, before the bench minus collar and tie. The effect of a coat over a collarless shirt is such that even the most respectable and right- thinking person assumes a second rate and low-down appearance, so that an unfortunate is distinctly prejudiced by the half-dressed way he is bundled into court. The least they might be allowed to do is to don collar and tie just prior to entering the chamber. At the monthly meeting of the Dar- ling Downs Federal Labour Executive, held on January 31, it was decided to put the candidate. Paul Bauer, in the field at once and arrange for his visit- ing every centre in the electorate. The Darling Downs is to have a good stumping on this occasion: In response to a deputation from the Sydney Trades and Labour Council, the Minister for Labour indicated pro- bable legislation this year in the direc- tion of establishing a State Registry Offices. If the Minister would only dis- guise himself as a penniless out-of-work and go around a few of the Sydney registry joints he'd not rest until such legislation was accomplished and the private registry rook totally abolished. The director of the Immigration and Tourist Bureau notifies that a scheme is in hand for overcoming the domestic servant problem. Any person in- terested in the same is invited to call at the Immigration Bureau, where the scheme will be explained.—Sydney news item. "The Worker" has a scheme of its own which doesn't require the elabo- rate or mystical explanation which that of the Bureau apparently does. It is here given, gratis for the benefit of Mrs. De Potts Point: Do your own domestic work. It seems that it isn't "hayseed fever" but malignant "Cook-Kellyitis" that has precipitated the G.-G.'s resig- nation. Australia has reason to feel dis- quietude, over the messing and medd- ling of the Cook crowd in regard to the Northern Territory. Ever since it crept into office its baleful eye has been specially fixed on the Territory. It is tinkering with the railway scheme; it is desirous of re-introducing the evils of freehold ; it wants to import cheap Maltese labour; its administration of public enterprises is unsympathetic ; in short, it wants to hand the province over to the boodler lock, stocK, and bar- rel. These sinister moves want watching. N.S.W. Opposition leader Greg. Wade laments copiously in the Bydaey press over the iniquity of the Labour conference's proposal to swamp the Legislative Council. Whyfore the weep ? Hasn't Greg's crowd taken the care to swamp that chamber with pre- ponderating numbers of their own colour all along? What sort of Labour representation did brother Wade ensure in that House? Isn't it logical that the majority in the elected chamber should be properly backed up in the other place—while it exists? So stop squealing, Gregory. "England's difficulty is Ireland's op- portunity," used to be the old "Sedi- tious"' cry. Npw it looks as if Carson's contumacy leaves Asquith and Redmond no Ulsternative but guns or submission. The Ma State's big saw mill and tim- ber yard in Sydney was destroyed by fire during the week. And Ma hadn't that timber yard very long. Lets see! Whose interest was it to block Ma's public enterprise venture becoming a successful lesson? Jasper Harvey, who was prominent in Liberal politics and contested a num- ber of elections, passed away during the week at Brisbane General Hospital. He had been ailing for some time. The "Liberal" Jokook, with doubt- less an industrial afterthought at the back of his head, has created another Federal Department. "The activities ot this branch of the Home Affairs de- partment," says he "have grown so much that the Government has decided to remove them from the control of the Home Affairs department, and create a separate department, to be known at the Works' Construction department. The affairs of this brauch will be ad- ministered by another Minister. This will mean the allotment of another portfolio in the Cabinet." Who'll be the other "Willie" Kelly ? The deeds of the N.S.W. Labour Government will be watched with in- terest by Labour's eyes throughout Australia. The Holman team have a splendid chance to make history for themselves and the movement. Commodore Toni Welsby and the 'yotting' fraternity gerietally, will be sorry, but there is no help for it. The fiat has gone forth. Instead of being handed over as a pleasure reserve, St. Helena is to be retained to serve its ancient mission as a place of punish- ment. The inexorable Appel has seen and approved of the sketch plans of new prison buildings of brick and con- crete, to make them more resistant to fire than the present wooden buildiugs. The location would be higher and bet- ter, being open to the prevailing breeze, so that there would be ample ventilation. The prison would be on the most modern and up-to-date lines. Single cells would replace the asso- ciated cells, and provision would be made for lighting the quarters of the prisoners who secured privileges by good conduct. In order to justify their unspeakable conduct towards the Labour leaders in South Africa the brutal Botha brigade claim that they have proof of a plot by the deported leaders to capture the Botha Ministry, or put it out of the way, and to declare a Labour Republic. The details, it is said, are to be revealed when Parliament meets. Is any more evidence wanted after this that Botha, Smuts, and a few others want to be examined by a specialist in mind diseases and hallucinations? A member of the Canadian House of Commons introduced a bill the other day for the purpose of abolishing titles to Canadian citizens. There being evi- dently a majority of title hungry Lili- putians in the Chamber, the bill was defeated on the second reading. We in Australia can very well afford to dis- pense with these differentiations. A flagrant act of betrayal of the people of the Commonwealth has been performed by their National (save the mark) Government, which has renegged on the national endorsed policy of day labour under departmental control for the Transcontinental line, and passed the tit-bit over to its private enterprise pals. What do Australians think of a spineless Government like that ? Henry Deane, Engiueer-in-Chief to the Commonwealth, has resigned his job. Considering that the calamitous Cook crowd have now handed over the big Transcontinenta railway to their private enterprise friends, Henry ap- parently had little choice in the mat- ter—though he officially attributes his action to ill-health. Archbishop Duhig has suggested that Government pastoral stations for train- ing young men should be established in North, Central, and South-west Queens- land. Agricultural Johnny White says that "the Agricultural College at Gat- ton has now provided for that to a very large extent. There, instruction in sheep raising, wool classing, and every- thing connected with sheep is given. Once a week students are taken out by the principal to give them the points on dairy cattle, fat stock, etc. Ob- viously Johnny is a man of boundless faith. Aaron Burr, Vice-President of America iu Washington's time, once undertook to define judge-made law. "The law," he said, "is whatever is boldly asserted uud plausibly main- tained." They tell us Socialism will kill men's ambition. Let's see. The average man's ambition to-day is to hold his job and save enough to keep himself from going into the poorhouse when he gets too old to work. Seems like we might dispense with this kind of am- bition. Socialism will guarantee every man a job and banish the fear of losing it, his ambition will not be ilmited to the mere getting of a living. Because he resented the deserved lash of the paper's criticism, Tory Pro- mier Peake of S. A. has boycotted the Labour "Daily Herald" by refusing to see its representative or supply the journal with administrative news, Really, Peake ought to go to school again. A Canadian politician recently adopted a hunger strike so that he might escape examination at the bar of the House. We recommend the idea to G. H. Reid as a pleasant alternative to advertising Australia by rather over- done guzzling exhibitions. The Flinders 6ft. over its banks and the Barcoo at Tambo half a banker last week, must have been like angels' visits to the denizens of the Central and North-West. Inconvenient, per- haps, but wholly conducive to cheerful- ness, as, ordinarily, those renowned streams are anything but Mississippi- like for depth and flow. A certain Q. farmer who, with a lot of other mugs, was bluffed by the Rand moneybugs into taking part in the Boer war is apparently still hypnotised by Capitalistic cant. In speaking of Botha he said he had had the honour of fighting against him in the South African war. Honour ! Honour of fighting for rascally landlordsl ! 'Tis a strange world. An erudite Sydney paper refers to the German Premier, D. Bethmann von Hollweg, as Dr. Hollweg von Beth- mann. If it isn't careful it will be describing the Fusion leader as Mr. Cook Joseph. Juarez Franciso Guzman, who figured prominently in the revolt against the Madero regime, has been executed in the yard of his house.—Cable item. Come to think of it "executed" does sound rather politer than "murdered," which is the term the rough man who calls a spade a spade would use. "The longer the civil strife lasts in Mexico," says the "Courier" in dis- cussing the position of the armament makers, "the greater will the harvest of those gentlemen be." Good gracious! all along we've imagined that there was a blood-thirsty slaughter going on in Mexico Now we learn it is quite a civil proceeding. Only the poor are troubled by their consciences. That's why they're poor. Some weeks ago when the North, in desperation on account of the Cook Government's torpor, threatened to start a meteorological bureau of its own, it spoke belore it thought. It now appears that the weather station will cost more than the enthusiasts can afford. Telegrams alone make an item that would form the nucleus of another national elebt, a rough estimate show- ing that at least £1000 per year would have to be earmarked for that purpose. So if the Inclement weather prophet, Wragge, can't be decoyed from Windy Wellington on five guineas a week, the cyclonic North will have to do a little amateur star gazing off its own bat (that hasn't a hole in it) ! "If politics are impure and dirty," observes a prominent politician, "then it is important that women should enter them for their improvement." The City Council has a lamentable lack of delicacy and consideration for the fair sex. Looking around this dusty, insanitary metropolis, one espies no public conveniences marked "ladies," while not a public waiting room exists on the black landscape. What a shocking disregard for the gentle half of the race. The genus "gentlemen" seems to be the only af- fair studied in the matter at all—and very stingily at that. Surely the cor- pulent "littlemen" that run the municipality haven't forgotten the charming section of the law of etiquette which says "ladies first." If not, why not? Some people have strange notions of what would do women good. An up-country-newspaper, in noting the successful career of a venerable man who had recently died, made the start- ling statement that he "was born without a shilling in his pocket." We can understand the case with which a fool and. his money are parted, but what puzzles us is how the fool got the money to part with. Dr. Gilruth's summary summons to Melbourne to confer with the Federal Government on questions of policy (?) in taken as an indication of the early resignation of the N.T. Administrator. Manifestly it is the aim of the Fusion- ite Liberals to reverse all possible Labour administration, and to hound Labour appointees out of office. But there are hardly enough Liberal hounds to accomplish it. The same old coterie of stupidity has once more emerged from the municipal ring victorious, and so the squalid sloth and blunder will march arm in arm for another year. Labour on its first trial was beaten on electioneering points. It may be relied upon to put up a more conceited struggle next time. The rebuff, as usual, was due to the lazy sympathiser who stopped at home and left his most tangible form of sympathy—the vote—unrecorded. It is this sleeping type of supporter that has kept Labour standing still and put back the hands of Democracy's clock by decades at a time. And it's not too soon to set the alarm clock for the threatened Federal elections, and to get things shaped for the State ap- peal early next year also—thought it may happen sooner. Peake, the S.A. Tory Premier and his 'Torney-General arc endeavouring to bring the "Herald" (Labour Daily) to heel by refusing to give them any Government news. Some Brisbane Tory potentates wanted the same course taken with the Brisbane "Standard," when it started, but to Denham's credit he wasn't on—or wasn't game. Lifted from a Toowoomba Tory rag: Officers of the inquiry branch of the Lands Department report that the number of people regarding land since the beginning of the year constitutes a record. Included among those inquiring are many New South Wales settlers. who desire land. The officers are unable to account for the feature unless it is due to the result of the recent State elections in New South Wales. The foregoing is a choice specimen of the kind of pap the average Tory paper fancies its readers can mentally assimi- late. We think the movement is just as likely to be due to sunspots or the eruption of Sakurashima. * * * A deputation of country magnates waited on Railways Paget during the week and asked that the valuations put on the land in the benefited area of the Pittsworth-Millimerran line should be re- duced. They were dead scared that the valuations for Federal Land Tax pur- poses would be on the elevated rate of the railway valuations. It would be interesting to know whether any of these worthies would very readily let their land go to any prospective buyer at the rate they desire them valued for taxation at. Adniir.il Tirplitz, German Naval Minister, says Britain's ratio of 16 battleships to 10 was still acceptable, but a 'naval holiday' was unrealisable. It's realisable enough—but no good to the armament and iron trusts. These, apparently, are the parties to be suited. Mr. J. W. Bleakley has been ap- pointed Chief Protector of Aborigines in succession to Mr. R. B. Howard, who recently resigned. Mr. F. Loose fills Mr. Bleakley's shoes as Deputy Protector. Lloyd George says that it cost Glas- gow, as a community, and a fool com- munity at that, a quarter of a million to clear a slum area which the land- lords should fittingly and properly have been compelled to clear as a nuisance— at their own expense. Is there a point in this for Brisbane, Mayor Jenkinson? The economic iniquity of the indi- vidual pouching the profits, or unearned increment created by the instrumen- tality of the general community, is strikingly illustrated in the case of the Earl of Derby, whose offer to sell cer- tain of his property for £1,5o0,000 has been accepted by Baron De Forrest. Thee latter, writing to the Earl of Derby, remarked that the site at Bootle was bought by the Derby family in 1724 for £7000. The annual income from it to-day was not less than £100,000. Some call this speculation— others robbery. Anyhow ther's a mighty big moral in it. A notable instance of practical frater- nity has been afforded by the action of the A.W.U. Conference, now sitting in Sydney. Mr. R. Semple, the well- known organiser of the New Zealand United Federation of Labour, appeared before the Convention to make an ap- peal for a loan to the N.Z. Federation and the Social Democratic party of £1000 to enable those bodies to carry out a vigorous political campaign. On the motion of delegate Harry Coyne, a resolution to grant such loan was unanimously carried. The jingling of Bananaland's bor- rowed beans by Victoria has ended, and the £500,000 that Barnes didn't want, at a time when fuming deputations all over the country were shouting for those promised railways—has been re- paid. The big heartedness cl this stony-broke debt-ridden State in lend- ing its impecunious Tory brother this sum while the bleeding country was famishing is really beautiful. Tory charity always begins away from home. What brotherly love for the foreigner ! In South African Parliament Minis- ter Smuts tabled a return showing that 38 secret outrages had been committed or attempted during January, includ- ing 12 finds of dynamite on the rail- roads. Perhaps Mr. Smuts could dis- close the names of the Ministry's agents who put the dynamite there if he cared to! As to 38 alleged offences, if such a large number of strikers were destructively bent, 38,000 would be a nearer figure. Smuts, Smuts, get the cap and bells. 