 THE POST.! SATURDAY, J AN UARY 24. 1911." fi 6ÎETE0RÔL0GISÂL STATION. The demand for a properly equipped meteorological station in the North, which has been pressed more urgently by Cairns than by any other place, has now been actively ta^en up by 2 ownsville. As the largest town concerned in this question, and as a place which has proved peculiarly liable to cyclonic visi- tations, Townsville does well to. interest itself in the matter. At the present time of the year and under present weather condi- tions, every North - Queensland centre is alive to the importance of the subject. Full details of the big meeting at Townsville are not yet to hand, - but the facts and conclusions which {.'.inrni'n Sunter and the other speakers must have placed before their hearers are already familiar to the majority of Cairns resi- dents. A scheme was outlined bv which, at an estimated cost of under £400. a station could be established for the hurricane season this, year, and as time vas urgent, it was decided to approach the- coastal towns by wire, lt was recognised that the station must be established at Cairns or Townsville, and it was decided to form a commit- tee to approach the shinning firms and others interested. Thi&lt;; rommittee met after the general reeling and decided to send Mr. rlement Wragge a cable at Auck '--î'id, offering him the position fr,r the hurricane season this Year. The Cairns Chamber of Conmerce, which has from first i-iSt done-irood v.-ork in con ruction with this movement, has ? - -rv naturally lost' no . time in reviving thc tome, and the re- port of its deliberations thereon ! will be studied with interest. ¡The value of an allied campaign j was clearly recognised, and it was decided to request the May- or at once to convene a public ! meeting at which representative : Cairnsttes could voice yet once more the urgency of the case, j Cairns has led this Northern ¡agitation in the past, and does !not intend to lag behind at what j may very probably prove a cruc- ial moment. The important fac j or of wireless was also consid- ered, and with reason, for it is here that the most likely solu- tion of the whole difficulty lies. This is not- the time for labor- ing j the reasons which actuate he Chamber and the' people pf Cairns, as. also, pf Townsville and the North generally, v It: is a tale that is told;' to which.'nothing can be added.'beyond reiteration. The South hás heard the. story, and., has .no denial to give. Evasion and excuse.are all that have ever been offered to put of] the Northern, claim: Stich. £ policy can be suffered no longer Durtue the latter half of thi year just closed, the fine weather season, there, was. more serious and frequent delay in communi- cation with the South than was ever before known. It was prov- ed that even under-apparently favorable conditions, no denendT ence whatever was to be placed on. Southern advices. No w:onder that when1 the ?? hurricane ' season approaches, the North rouses, it sflf in the" determination rthnt something must , be done, and that right quicklyl . The present opportunity must hot be let slip. Seldom has such unanimity been displayed. Townsville is comT municating with "the other coast- al towns, and not in Cairns oulv but in manv other centre's I will meetings be held. Should ithe ordinary authorities stilL re I fuse to- assist, \ tSe-' ssggestion, of taking independent action for ourselves must be carried out. 