 CROP PROSPECTS Clement Wraggff s Predictions CQOD SEA8ON8 TO BECIN NEXT TEAR. . Mr. Clement Wiugue. F.K.C.S.. one timu (.Hirn^l.ind Govrrnnicnt nictrninlo KiM. and thr loictrllrr of the disastrous Australian droughts, was intcrviouid m-cnlly at )jis Iiomc at Birkcnbrad. .NV» Zfaland. by a representative of the Auck innd 'Star,'' and) utked to venture a forecast toncernini; weather in the fu ture. Mr. Wr.igcc has computed fore casts for the seasons of Austialia up till 1VH\ nnd these, he says, arc applicable to Sck Zealand, with slight modifica tions. During 1014 and pan of 1016. he says, the rainfall, taking Australasia us u whole, will be under the average. This by no means implies that there will be no rain. On the contrary, good inter vening rains will occur, and the last part of this period will be better than the first, .from the middle of 1016 onwards, the rainfall will markedly increase, and from 1010 to 1820, inclusive, the sea sons will be. distinctly Rood, .with abun dant precipitation. ' After 1920 the rainfall will. b«rin to fall off, and the worst part of the next great 'under-average' period will be 1033 and 1024. Australians will be justi fied in calling that a drought. In 1930, matters will begin to improve, asd good seasons will prevail from 1020 to 1930. These forecasts, explained Mr. Wragge, are mainly based on the physical con dition of the sun with respect to its maxima arid minima moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we ate nearing the *nd of the solar minimum— or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we on earth could have no conception, were least violent. The maximum period would commence at the .end of 1015, and until then, al though he did not expect the seasons to be so bad as they had been, abnormal ra'ins must not ba anticipated. Intervening rains in New Zealand should give a heavier fall than in Australia. In the droughts, he predicted, New Zealand would not suffer to the same extent as Australia, owing to its climate bein;r in sular, whereas that of the latter was continental. - 