 NOTES ON CURRENT EVENTS It has been claimed that the Home Secretary's department, ot whatever par ticular branch of the Imperial Administra tion may be concerned, has not been sum- , ciently active in the discovery of spies. An incident which occurred in London last month entirely disposes of this plaint. When a man like good eld Dan Ferguson is suspected and subjected to crpssexami nation as a possible spy of the Kaiser, tnere is eieany nonung woe aesirea con cerning the efficiency of tho secret service of the Empire. Won't some of the old time smugglers rejoice at the confusion of their common enemy. . * * * * * * '?.'?? In answer to a question the other day Mrl Griffith admitted having stated that no pressure was to be brought upon men . .who had conscientious objections to join ing a union, but if any such were employed they would be paid at the rates ruling be fore the unions secured the present in creased rates. Mr. Griffith's idea of 'no pressure' are a bit peculiar. His method \ seoms a happy illustration of the mean ing of the phrase, 'No compulsion, only you must.' The Minister may be con gratulated xipon tho discovery of a new! . occupation for Ministers of the Grown— / that of 'drummer' or tout for tho A.W.TJ . ?????' * * * * # * During the week there has been a good downpour in South Australia;' and some useful rain in the north and west of this State. It should be of much value to the grass and water supply, and in some dis tricts may not be too late to help the crops. Whether it is quite worth the fuss made in some quarters is. however, doubt ful. As a proof that the clerk of tho weather has not altogether forgotten the needs of Australia it is satisfactory, as an earnest of a more generous and m.oro general outpouring in the near future it is encouraging, but to hail it as represent ing 'showers of gold, '' and as 'a com plete break-up of' tho drought,' seems a bit 'previous.' IVet us hope it is not top optimistic. - - » * »-* ,. ? i ? Every day in England, France, Scot land, and other places, new discoveries arc reported of cement emplacements evidently intended, for big guns, and- built to tho ? order of the Kaiser. This extraordinary fondness for concrete work suggests tho idea that the enterprising, head of the firm of Krupp' and Co. is going into the ct-ment business as a fide line. It also recals the memory* of another celebrity , who some twenty or thirty .years ago made a name for himself in the same branch on industry. Who 'WAS that celebrity by tho way who so forcibly reminds one of tho Kaiser? Oh, I remember now. It was thev chap who, when a wife1' bothered' him, used to bottle her up in eement^under tho hearthstone' and get a ~new Awi'fe?^' Funny dog! - \ ; u,;/Tr:i-l\\ - r * * , * ? »; ,- »rt »'. ? * - Mr. George Eden, a resident of Sydney, went home to :irrange,\for the wedding of' Ids daughter to 'a ..German medical man. He lodged £S0O in a German bank, but on attempting ~o draw the. money lie learnt that the Kaiser had ordered nil' banks in Germany to send to the Tretisurj1' in gold the credit balances of all British accounts. Miss' George 's wedding presents were also appropriated. This, so far as the money was concerned, may all be in accordance with the rules of warfare. But was it quite the thing to snavel Miss George's collection of photo frames, nutcrackers, en.tree dishes, pickle jars, and jam-pots, to say nothing of tho procoetls of a 'kitchen tea' tendered by her girl friends'? It strikes one as playing the game a bit low down. But the Kaiser is nothing if not thorough. . * * * * * « # Some little excitement was caused in Sydney last Aveek by a Gorman band play ing .Mistrjun patriotic melodies in n public - street, under tho windows, oC a Gorman club. The Sydney papers of Friday re ported that tlio police ,-had intervened, by ordering the hand to «.'ease playing in the streets until the war is over. On top of that intimation a Sydney, telegram on Friday night said that Mr, Gann had ap* fcounceo1 that if the police Iwd done any thing of the kind it was without Govern _ iment authority, Mi\ Cann apparently is averse to interference with little patriotic outbursts of this nature. In «pite of the Ministerial disclaimer 1 f-attfcy r»ublie sym pathy will be with tlis police.* I wonder, by the way, ,what Would happen just now t(- a British band that played 'ftule Bri .ttnnia '?'?!». '(he streets :ot Berlin. Would Dr. Oilyivig intervene hv prevent any un kind action on the p&r'c of the police? * '*.-*' *? * -, * To judge Erom correspondence on the subject 'published in the metropolitan . press, the remarks of the Chief Secretary sire not -popular in Sydney. One writer says:— 'Perhaps the Band will favour us , jvith the Watch; on the Rhine iiiVct otlifeV tiennan mUTouil. airs outsMfc PYirUunient House, tiie Town Kail, and 'other appro priate sites;' At the sarile time jingoistic \ '-ft ttstVaHa.fi s_ ami other Britons might be '. ??kindly but 'Jirmly requested not to display their -Empire's flags or to -*ing its Natio ?.irisil Anthem or ofl-er pa+riotic airs in public, iu« such actions may also be re garded us 'bad taste' and' irritating to # 4h-ieo amongst us v.lio doubtless are more tender-hearted than their kinsmen bi Luii vain fame.' This chap is .t?vid'Cnt\y pok ? ing fun. at the Chief! Secretary, which 'is ' :i very irreverent thing to do. * ???? ?» i, * . * T« a recent issue of the 'Banner' I notice some t interesting extracts from an . eld Sydney newspaper fcy 'Alpha.' The writer refers to the quaint names of some of the Sydney hotels of tlje early days, . - and appears to regard them Us original. 1 ?m afraid '/Alpha' :\vas nisvfcr in London, or at any rate that he never had an ex haustive acquaintance with the. .pubs in the city and suburbs of the modern Baby lew, or he would in the list quoted recogt iu3e familiar titles. For example, 'Hole in the Wall' was the sign of licensed pre lcnisea in the Strand, near the dark arches of the Adelphi, in 1S55. The 'Bald-faced Stag', was — perhaps still is — the sign of ?a public house at Woodford, in Epping forest. Moreover, it was the rendezvous vm Easter Monday of Cockney sportsmen, for whose delectation a wretched deer was carted out and 'hunted. ' It usually took refuge in the premises of a local butcher. * * * ? it ? The 'Labour-in-vain' — illustrated on the sign, by ..a picture of a person endea ??,-.? vouring. to wash a blackamoor white — was ..'«;??' » public, house in a London suburb! So ? . was the ' Bird-in-Hand ; ; ' whilst of '.'Blue ''.. . Boar! ' the name was legion all over Eng land. The 'Leather Botel' is mentioned in. an English classic. The 'Blue Posts' has been immortalised by Captain '? Marryatt. as the Portsmouth hostelry at ? whitjh Mr. Midshipman Easy spent his - last : night before starting on; his first cruise..' The reader will remember that it \.:-;' was^on -leaving the Bhie Posts Mr. Easy was -accosted by on attractive young per son with the remarkable query, 'How 'arc you off for soap?' The ,'^Adam and Eve' was a pub,, down Chelsea, way, not far from the. '.Goat and -Compasses' — a corruption of a relic of puritan days in the motto e ' God .encompasseth us.' In the same ? locality,, by the way, might fifty years 'ago be found '.The Devil and Bag o' Nails,' originally, 'Tho Devil and Bacchanals5'' — scarcely an appropriate sign for a respec table tavern. As for the 'Dog'-and-Du'ek,' is*it not a household word in a Rood many thousands of Riverina families? The Germans have demanded various '' sums totting up to a million or'so by way of 'indemnity' for their zeal in smashr ' -'ing up Ehoims Cathedral, and other memo rials of mediaeval art, murdering inoffen sive citizens, and committing divers other crimes against the rules of civilised war fare. It is therefore not unnaturaLfor the Allies to consider tbe commercial aspect of the war. A report from ' Wellington ' says: — 'New Zealand firms, whoso pre mises have suffered in the bombardment of Papeete aro * advised that the French Government ha3 issued a notice, claiming against German property in Tahiti and ad jacent islands under the_French flag about £40,000, to help to indemnify against the -losses 'caused by the shelling.' It ought to be urged that-the French have not done so .much as the Germans to earn a bonus of this kind, but no doubt when the. war is over there will be a 'friendly squaring of accounts,* and that trifles like '£40,000 won'tbar the1 way to an amicable adjust-' ment. - . - . * * * * * ? ?- * A New »South Wales man has received a letter from 'u German association known os 'The German- Humanity League.' The ! association ds'' apparently*, hostile to the ; Kaiser. At the risk of an action for, libel i at -the hands of ( Frederick Wilhelm, I ap- ' pond an extract: — 'Nakedly revealing . liiirisoK, we see tho uncurbed tyrant' sur- j -rcurftied by parasites/now directing the \ most desperate', devilish. jikI selfish -. cam- j paign ever, waged against luimanity. With i 1 oilers in all lands we have no quarrel to- . day. , We extend hands and heartiest friendship' to every Belgian, 'French', and : British' democrat. We know that the in ternal revolution now proceeding in our. midst will depose the despot,, whose in satiable egotism is drenching Europe with . tho blood of its workers and wage- | earners.' There is a good -deal of truth as well' as force in these remarks, bufc^tboy strike ono as indited in a partisan spirit,' conveying the idea that tho writor is un kindly disposed towards the Kaiser. Pub lished in Berlin they would probably annoy that poteitat^ and be followed by the'' di'dr.rj 'Btop my paper.'' * ' * * ? ? * . 4 . 6 Supporters of tlie fjcii'ey of wiping out private. ;en'terprise¥ altogether,, and 'nation- alising' everything from a lolly shop to a locomotive foundry, are always contend ing that the worker don 't get his share. Particularly is this cry raised in connec tion with mining enterprise, which has been described, by one of these enthu siastic levellers as ' a gigantic system of sweating the miner.' It's 'only charitable to assume that these chaps know nothing about the matter. For a' man who does know to talk like that, would prove him a person who in tflsrjetit (b a'ecui'aby' Of bMiSm'eiit could only be characterised by an expression the use of which with im punity is a Parliamentary privilege. '- * ? ?» ?? ..????* ? ? . ? ?? ??* ? * .?' * ? On the assumption that the people who talk like this speak in ignorance, some in f( rotation afforded by the chairman at the half-yearly meeting of a Broken Hill mining c6mpany. may be quoted. Since the n-ine was started the gross yield has beea f H.32F,40Ai t)!5 H'hls ti;e shareholders who \entured^ their money got £5'dS,l(')l', the miners, who venture'd . nothing, got £.'.3So,000. Ii seems pretty clear who got the lion's share of the gold in this case, but how about the ciscs- — and there are some — where The minors who' venture .nothing get_all the gold, and the share I ciders who venture their money got nc thing? ^ AVliat id rbally -wan led is ilot 'nationalisation,' but the establishment of an information bureau.- at which there should be compulsory attendance on the part of people, who indulge in foolish talk about subjects for the purpose of disclos ing exhaustive ignorance thereon. LIPPON DAIRN. Rain in New South Wales.— Tho rain fall in the late ? monsoonal 'change was as follows at the Southern and Soutli Western stations 'mentioned : — Euston, S ; Balranald, 12; Hay, 5; Carrathool; 7; Booligal, 50; Hillston, 66; Ungarie, 76; Wyalong, 47 ; Barmedman,: 12 ; Temora, 26*; -Coota-mundra, 15; Yass, 3o ; Gttnning, 39; Goulbtirn, 95 ; .Mttrrumburi'ah, 67; 'Burrowa, 83 ; Young, 85; Morangorell, 20; xGrenfell, 37; Marstlen, 100; Forbes, 4.2; Parkesi 63. Oondoboiinf 53; Orangey 241; Bathurst, 190 ; Cbwraj. 104,. ? '?' Helping the Widows and Children. — In the Senate tlio 'Minister for Defence, Sena tor Pearce, gave a brief- outline of the Government in '.regard ''to pensions to de pendents of those who are killed or in capacitated during the war. The scheme, he said, 'had not been completed yet, but,' roughly, ft was proposed to give widows an annuity- of £52, with aii annuity of £13 for each child' under 16 years of age. In the event of .a man being ? permanently inca pacitated, his wife and children would re ceive the samo amounts, while a, further payment of £26 a year would bo made on behalf of tile man himself. ' ' . ' Show 'Subsidies to 'be Stopped. — The, troubles of the country show societies have j been many this year. Nearly , all of the ! spring shows were run at a loss because ] of, the war and .dry season, and, tho pros- I pects aliegd are far from favourable. Local conditions made things bad enoiigh for the societies, but new anxieties have been created by the f ollowing circular that has i been issued by the Department of Agri- ] culture :— 'In view of the necessity of re trenchment, it has been decided that the department cannot continue the payment of 'the ?Government subsidy to agricultural | societies in connection with shows held j after December 31 next.' Somo of the small j societies will experience difficulty in carry- - ing on, and unless 1915 is an' exceptionally . good season some of the exhibitions will l probably bo ' abandoned for at 'least a year. '' ' ' An Old Wodonga' Man .Arrested as a j Spy. — A remarkable experience of Mr. i Daniel Ferguson, for -many years collector ; of- customs at AVodbnga, and subsequently j head of the Federal Exciso Department, is ! told in the .-following letter to hanjl a few i days'since. 'Mr. Ferguson was touring in \ Scotland when the war began. Recently ,' ho was in 'London, nnd he and his daughter ? were, oil t for the day in one of the small towns near London. They consulted -a : ?-traimvay guide map .and made enquiries j for certain places. They wort1 suspected, as i boing spies, y and shadowecU'or a'time, and then a .military man %camc and questioned tliem. They informed him they -were Axis truliun tourists, but wore apparently, not hol£evevd, :-nd were in an awkward fix when/ ho remembered his watch. This- was pre sented to him by the residents of Albury j more than 20' years ago. on the occasion of his leaving AVodonga for Melbourne. It-1 bears an inscription mentioning Albury and . his position in AVodonga. An inspection of ? tlio watch appeared to satisfy tho military 'officer, so, he apologised and retired.' -i Tho Decreased 'Rainfall. — Figures pre pared by the meteorological Authorities of the rainfall in ,New South AVak'R for tho , nino months show that there has been a ' considerable drop in the records in every i section of the country districts. In.' River--, ina and 'South-Western slopes havo suffer- | od more than any other quarter, in the caso oi -tho former tho fall havirg bpen less* than half the average. Moreover % there has not boon a drop of rain this month. Tno figures for the various sub divisions s arc : — Northern tableland, , total , for rn'npsmnnih.B. 19.46, average .for1 nine months 23.S9 ; below average, 19 psv cent. ; V Central Tableland, '2'2M, 24.07, 12 per Cent; j -Southern ./.Tableland, 16.73, 20.87, 80 per cent: ; North-wtisi ©lopes, 1G.10, '2d.3l, 21 pe'f'eimt. i Gonia-iil \vest Slopes, 13.83, 18.80, 27 per' vmt:; Soutli-ivestorn Slopes, 10.47, 18.72, 4-1 per cent;; North west Plains, 15.42, 17,32, 11 per cent. ; Central Tvest Plains, 8.77, 14.45, 39' per cent.; Riverina, 6.07, 12.48, 51 per cent. AVagga and the Southern District Ex hibit.— At a recent meeting of the Mur rumbidgee P. and A. Association, the mat ter of the Southern District Exhibit at the Royal Show came up for discussion. The organising secretary (Mr. .White) stated that there 'was a deficiency of about £83 tfn th3 last exhibit to the Royal Show. The usual quotas of eaclt So*c'iet# had been paid, but it was found that the expenses tfris year had greatly increased, especially from the. Grenfell district. As a result of the previous resolution that each society par ticipating in the exhibit be written to, and their views on the matter obtained, Mr. AVhite stated that very xmsatisfactory replies had been received. Some societies had ignored the request, while others had refused t-j contribute any further to the cost of the exhibit. Tw'tt or three societies had responded by sending in. their extra quota of the cost, and the M.P. and A. Association had passed their amount. The president (Mr. Baylis) said the exhibit had been very unsatisfactory for Wagga. It entailed a lot of worry' on their secretary, for which he received very little considera tion j Htt thought that owir'- to the very severe drought, tlitJ exhibit next year would be a very poor one; and did not think. 'it wise to go 'on with the exhil/ifc. A resolution in that direction was car ried. Loss on the Telephone Business. — There is every probability that at no distant date telephone rates in Australia will be sub stantially increased. The last report of the Postmaster-General's Department disclosed a deficiency in the . working of the tele phone branch of no less than £221,756, 'equal to a loss of about 25 per cent. This, in tne opinion of the secretary (Mr. Oxen ham), indicates that the rates, which, he says, are much lower than in other parts of. the world where anything like similar conditions prevail, are insufficient to make the service self-supporting. The secretary contends that the revenue should be suffi cient to cover working expenses, including provision for' depreciation) while returning a fair pei-centage on the capital invested. This view has been placed before Mr. Spence, Postmaster-General, and he con fessed this week that he had been greatly impressed by the facts which had been submitted to him. He added, 'It is evi dent that the revenue, both in the tele graphic and telephonic branches, is not sufficient to cover the cost of working. If the department is to pay for itself it would appear that something has to be done to revise charges, and legislation may bo necessary to place the department on a more satisfactory basis.' The Building of the New All»v_— Hospi tal. — The decision of the Minister for I Health to have tenders called for the put [ ting -down of the foundations of the new j hospital has given much satisfaction in j Albury, as it Ayillnot only mark the start : ing of \vhat will be by far the finest build ing in the district — and ono of tho most up-to-date institutions of the kind in the ; country districts of New South Wales — ? but will provide employment for numbers of local workmen who would otherwise be 'out of Avork, in all probability. La«-t_year tho ''total amount spent on new buildings in Albury was about £25,000, and as the ; estimated cost of the new hospital is alone I £17,000 it will be seen- that in -this one' I work is represented two-thirds of the total | amount laid out privately Jn bricks and mortar last year. At present about a. 'dozen villas' aro being built in the town, but it is noticeable that very lit*tle new work has come out sinco the ^outbreak of tlio war, local investors having thought it advisable to postpone speculation until times of .peace recur. '' The carrying out of a large'1 public work is therefore very oppor tune. When tho .contract for the founda tions is carried out a special ceremony will bo arranged in connection with'. the laying of the foundation stone. It is more than likely tho official function, will be . per formed by the Hon. F. Flowers, Minister for Public Health. The new hospital fund now stands at £5100 (nearly the whole of. it cash in tho bank). Tho balance to bo raised, therefore, is only £900. ? This sum should be only a trifle in such a wealthy district. . Hospital Saturday in Albury. — Con- sidering the many drawbacks that had to be encountered, the annual street collec tions on Saturday vin aid of tho hospital 'maintenance-., f uhd . . niust be considered satisfactory. The sum raised in the town was £90/7/6 (only £20/8/ less than was gathered last year) and the country boxes have brought -the totnl well above £100. Wodonga if. making arnmgemonts for a separate effort. This year the houseto house 'canvassing was riot nrosecuted with tho customary vigour, and but for the casing off in xthnt resnoct the figures for Albury, despito the tightness of matters financial, may have boon far highor. As usual, the stand pmsided over by that ex perienced 'campaigner, Mrs'. ' *AAraujrIi VMayoross), yielded the largest total. '£24 ?1/9A. She. however, was closely followed by her .sistor-in-law. Mrs. JPhrdoy, whose stand (Nathan's Corner)', yielded £21 17/6£ ...Mrs. Waugh was stationed at the Commercial Bnnk corner. However, Mrs. PaVSey', with £6/513; topped for 'individual box, the Mayoress fotfttg secoKel, with £6',' Other boxes witli ovoi* £2 -were: — Miss Corrigan, £4/16/8*; Misb M'Lennan, '£3 16/11: Mrs. Knight, £3/9/1; Miss M'Giath, £3/0/2; 'Miss M'Cuteteon, £3 H&i Miss Dunstone, £3/0/ It; Mrs. M'Gutcheo/iv £2/lo/6-J-:.Mrs. Wells', £2 6/1 ; Miss 0 Kill, £2/0/5J- ; Miss E. ' O'Dormell, £2,'0fi, The amounts, raked ai the various stafttt* were: — Commercial BanK conifer (Mrs. AAfatf&fi and assistants), £24/1 l.dii ^a'th'ari's Corner (Mrs, Pardey and assistants'/,- £'2;l/l7/6} j ? 'Union Bank (Mrs. H. M'CutclifeV---' arid, assistants-), £10 (11/6& ; post office (MrS, Frere and assist ants), £8/10/lH; Glohtf Hotel (Miss M'Lennan and assistants), £7/15/2; Mate and Co. 's corner (Mrs. J. Allan and as sistants), £7/8/ ; Daniel's corner (Mrs. AY, If. Adams and assistants), £6/lS/0-i ; Siriolfett a'fl-r» Macauley streets (Mrs. H, U. Collins arid assistants), £3/4/5. At Culcairn the six stands realised £10/3/7, Oilier amounts raised were :— Brocldesby, £2/4/3*} 5 Lavington, £4/4J5 ; AVoomargama, 18/4* ; Boti'na, £1/8/1 ; Tfiurgobna, £3/6/2 ; Mullengandra, £1/10/3=} ; ' ? Gennanton, ,£3/9/8'*;. Gerogefv, £2/14/9; ?. Henty-, £2/4/9; 'Walla AValla, £1/16/4. ' . Murray AVater Conservation Scheme.; — Sir. Alexander Peacock inforifls4 the Vic torian Cabinet on Monday that he had received ifohl the Premier of New' !?-outi)- Wales (Air. Holman) the Murray Bivers agreement, with hh (Mr. Holman's) sigxira ture to it. The agreement had now beea signed by the Premiers of Victoria, New' South Wales, and South Australia, When the agreement was arrived at Mr, Oook was Prime Minister of the Commonwealth.. He (Sir Alexander) understood that Mr Fisher wfJliUi honour Mr. Cook's under taking to provide £1,000,000 of the tsta.R cost of £4,663,000 of tine x-roPosed work in accordance with the agreement mado at the conference when the agreement was arrived at, providing tha* on its beihg signed by the three States', legislation should be immediately introduced into tlw»» various Parliaments to authorise what was contemplated, notice of a bill would be given in the Legislative Assembly. Tfce» consideration of such a measure would, however, be left over for the new Parlia ment. The agreement provides for the . establishment of storage works and locks to enable the- waters of the Murray to be utilised for irrigation purposes. Their cost, with the provision, of £1,000,000 by the Federal Government excepted^^ill bo v. borne equally by the States of A'ictovia,. New South Wales, and South Australia It is int-endetl that a commission shall bo appointed to control the undertaking, con sisting of representatives appointed on be half of the Commonwealth and 'the three States. The principal item of expenditure will be in regard to the construction of the huge dam above Albury. ' - Riverina Misses the Rain.— When- it- was- announced that Mr. Hunt, the. Government; Meteorologist, had predicted general rains- for New South AVales, thero was great re joicing in anticipation of good things. Re-' lief, at such a time would have meant hun dreds of thousands of pounds in the pockets of the Riverina producers. Mr. Hunt's predictions were not verified in the full although substantial rain has fallen over the greater part of the State. The disap pointment consists in the failure of the change to penetrate to Riverina, as n-i ' station south of, the Murrumbidgeo receiv ed any benefit. The nearest, section of tho vast southern wheat belt that received any rain was Temora, where' a 'quarter of an inch was measured. It is now five weeks since any rain has fallen in Riverina, so there is very little hope of anything com ing of the crops, in the matter of grain. The best of the crops havo been applied to hay, and it is satisfactory to know that a good price is being offered for that com modity, .so that where good crops ai*e cut the ? returns , will be satisfactory to tho farmers. On the Murrumbidgeo the crop has not' been nearly as good as it has beoa on tlie Murray, as a great many of tho Murrumbidgec paddocks havo been turned into pasturage areas. On the western sido of Albury there will be some good .hay crops — a few havo yielded as high as two tons to the -acre— Init it is not expected , that ^ many of, the areas reserved for grain' will return any .surplus above ?seed- ing requirements. It' is satisfactory to know that the-, heavy rains in -. some parts of the, State will render it unnci'es-wir.V to import fodder foy' the sustenance of local herds, as good grass will be available in several districts for the stock from tho drought-affected districts. ? ? Licensing Matters at AVolla' AValla. — rfn the Albury .Licensing Court on Monday,-! Alexander Ferguson applied fora colonial wine license nt WalJn AValla, but it was decided to postpone dealing -'with the mat ter until. Monday, noxt. A point of some interest was raised in regard to the license of tho AValla AA;alIa * flote], tho licensing inspector, Senior-Sergeant. Ulack burnr, applying thot'the assessment' bo raised to £240, and the license fee in- -- creased to £30. In tho past the fee was only £12/10/, half tho fulhfcjc, the reduc tion having been made under the pro visions of the Licensing Act that prescribe if a license is1 necessary to meet tho needs of the travelling public, and such licensed KmTsc Is not within seven miles of another licensed house, the court msiv allow the concession of half the fee. Mr. Tietyens ? appeared for tlie I'consec, AVilliain Carter, to opnoso the application of the inspector for the levying of tho full fee. Mr. Tiotyens maintained that no fresh grounds ' existed to support the inspector's action, that the community needed a licensed house, and the premises came within the meaning of the concession in regard to its situation over seven miles from another licensed house. The court had no option in regard to the matter, but the chairman of the Bench (Mr. Jarnieson, P.M.) held there might he other reasons that con tributed to the low rating of the hotel. Mr. Tietyens said the court could not deal in 'other reasons' that were not provided for in the act. Inspector Blackburne said that since the fee had been reduced the rent had been raised from £150 to £300 . per annum. The Bench had refused to re duce the fee in regard to the hotel at Bowna, although the closest hotel to Bowna was nine miles distant. Walla Walla should not possess an advantage over Bowna in a matter. of the kind. After argument the inspector agreed to withdraw the application, stating he would bring the subject up again, and in the meantime the application for the colonial wine clicense, which had some bearing on the other license, would be dealt with by the court. Mr. Wragge Talks About the Weather.— Mr. Wragge, who is at present in New Zealand, has expressed his opinions in re gard to the dry conditions that have lately prevailed in Australia,' maintaining that his cycle theory has been supported by the records of past years. He has computed forecasts for the seasons of Australia up till 1930, and these, he says, are applicable to New Zealand, with slight modifications, owing to physical and geographical rea sons! During 1914 and part of 1915, he says, tTie rainfall, taking Australasia, as a whole, will be under the average. This by no means implies that there will be no rain. On the contrary, good intervening rains will occur, and the last part of this period will be better than the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards, the rainfall will markedly increase, and from 1916 to 1920, inclusive, the seasons will be dis tinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After. 1920 the rainfall will begin to % steadily, fall off. and the worst part of the next great 'under-average' period will be 1923 and 1924. In 1925, matters will begin to improve, and good seasons will prevail from 1926 to 1930. These forecasts, ex plained Mr. Wragge, are mainly based on the physical condition of the sun with re spect to its maxima and minima moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we are nearing the end of -the solar minimum — or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we on earth had no. conception.' were least violent. The maximum period would com mence at the end of 1915. and until then, although he did not expect the seasons to be so bad as they had been, abnormal rains must., not be anticipated. Intervening rains in New Zealand should give a heavier fall than in Australia. In the droughts he predicted, New Zealand would not suffer to the same extent as Australia, owing to its climate being insular, whereas that of the fatter was continental. 