 A METEOROLOGICAL STAT11H. The demand for a property equipped meteorological station in the North, which has been pressed more urgently by Cairns than by any other place, has now been actively taken up by lownsville. As the largest town concerned in this question, and as a place, which has proved .peculiarly liable to cyclonic visi tations, Towns ville does well to interest itself in -the matter. ' At the present time of the year and under present weather condi tions, every ^orth Queensland centre is alive to the importance of the subject. - Full details of the big meeting at Townsville are not yet to hand, but the facts and conclusions which Captain Sunter and the other .speakers must have placed before their hearers are -already familiar to the majority ^f Cairns resi dents. A scheme was outlined by which, at an estimated cost of under £4Q0, a station could be established for the liurricane season this year, and#as time was urgent, it was decided to approach the coastal towns by ?wire. It was recognised that the, station must be established at Cairns or Townsville, and it was decided to form a commit tee to approach . the shipping firms and, others interested. This committee met after the general meeting and decided to send Mr. Clement 'Wragge a cable at Auck land, offering him the .posftion for the Jiurricane season this, year. The Cairns Chamber of . i Commerce, which has from . first- ' to last done good work in con nection with this movement, has very naturally lost no- time in reviving the topic; and the re port of its deliberations thereon will be studied with interest. The value of an allied campaign was clearly recognised, and it was decided to request = the May or at once to 'convene a public meeting at which representative .Cairnsites could voice yet once more the' urgency bf- th'e case. Cairns lias led this Northern agitation in the past, - and does not intend to lag behind at what may very probably prove a cruc ial moment.: The important fac or pf 'wifeless Was also consid- . ered, and with reason, for it is ere that the' niost likely solu tion of the whole difficulty- lies. This is not the time for labor- ' ing the reasons, which actuate . ., he Chamber and the. people of Cairns, as . also of Toivnsville. and the. North 'generally. It is a tale that is told, /to .which - nothing 'can be. added beyond reiteration. The South;J»a^;fieard the story, and. has'. Ho 'denial to give. . Evasion and 'excuse are .all that have 'ever been offered to put off the Northern claim. . Such a -policy can be suffered 'no- longer. Buring the latter half of the year just closed, the -fine weather season, there was more serious and frequent delay in communi cation with the South than was ever before -known. It was prov ed that even under, apparently favorable conditions, no depend ence whatever was to be placed on Southern advices. No wonder that when the 'hurricane- season ? approaches, the North rousts it- - self in the determination -that something must 'be' done, and , that _ rigfit. quickly. . The present cDPorti'U'ty .must not be. let slip. Seldom ? has such unanimity been cfispiayeC. lownsvifie is com municating wi th the other coast al to-.vns. 'and not in Cairns cnlv- but in many other centres will meetings be held. Should the ordin^rv authorities still re fuse to assist, the suggestion of til'iiflg 'independent action for o'rs.l-es must be carried out. 