 INNISFAK. NOTES. I JFor tie "N. Q. Register.") INNI0FAIL, January 27. General. | La at week weather conditions were very much disturbed, On the Thursday and Friday we had very heavy rains, but not sufficiently to cause much alarm, Jsiit on the second day our river came down with very great force, in dicating that a large amount of rain had fallen in the Hinterland. In con sequence residents generally were very much afraid that they were going to have a repetition of the big January 3pod pf last year. However, on Satur ay morning, we noticed that the fresh had exhausted itself, and th&£ the river presented its normal appearance. The big rush of waters affected the North Johnstone branch, with the re sult that four or Ave spans of the bridge from Goondl to Darajl were car ried away. This bridge was erected by the C.8.R. Company tor the purpose of getting cane over from the Daraji side, and to renew same will mean a big expenditure by the company. The s.8. Muriel was tied up at the Goondl sugar wharf, but when the fresh came down it was so strong that it carried away all her lines, and Captain Campbell decided to proceed down the river and make a* aeehorage near Banana Island. On Friday, Battird&y and Sunday the flood waters were over the Goondi wharf. Owing to their sub. sidence, the Muriel was enabled to load a full cargo of sugar from Goondi Mill, and leaves to-night with same for Cairns for transhipment to Bris bane. The Tully arrived from Townsvllle this morning, .and the captain advises 1 that he experienced very stormy wea ther on his trip up. The consistent Lass oKJowrle, which usually puts in an appearance at daylight on Sunday, did not arrive tmtil after 9 a.m. For the next two months we must expect disturbed weather conditions, aad it is pleasing to note that the Townsvllle people are raking efforts to secure the services of Mr C. L. Wragge as meteo rologist. At present we are like the man who locked his stable door after the horse was stolen. What we want is forewarning, and as far as our com munity is concerned, greater confidence would be felt if we knew that Mr Wragge was watching the vagaries of the elements, and would give us timely notice of any cyclonic or flood visi tations, thus enabling us to make pro-1 vision to protect ourselves. i This really Is a matter for the Fede I ral Government, but our experiences In I North Queensland are no matter which | party is In power we get no consldera | tlon whatever, and all we have to do is pay our taxes and grin and bear it. | At a special meeting of the Johnstone Shire Council, Mr C. E. M. Qr&ham was elected Chairman until the.. first meeting of the new Council. Mr.Gra-, ham has ptaved himself a first rate representative, and no doubt at the meeting of the new Council he will be selected for the ensuing year. On Friday next, SOth Inst, a general meeting of subscribers to the School of Arts will take place; It Is to be hoped there will be a good roll up. The elec tion of ofifcers and the financial state ment win be dealt with. I On Wednesday last Mr Bert Jones 'met with a.very painful accident; be | was driving his delivery van along Rankin-street; the cart was heavily loaded with short wood, and on top of. it was a bag of maize. Owing to the1 cart getting into a rut the bag moved, and endeavoring to secure it, Jones fell from the cart, with the result that he sustained a fracture of the arm above the wrist. Dr. Willis attended to the injury, and now Jones is on a fair way to recovery. | What might have resulted in a ser ious accident, but fortunately owing to ' Driver Woolf getting his engine under control, was presented. This par ticular night the train was rather late, and for some unexplained reason the points near Howard Smith's wharf were open, with the consequence that instead of the engine running on the main line past Chapman's sawmill, it i was diverted into Howard Smiths Com Mfty'fi shed, with the Tesult that half the building was pulled, down. As it happened on this particular night,; there were an unusual number cf children and lady passengers. They experienoed a severe shock, but for-1 tunately no one was injured. The anhual meeting of the subscri bers to the Innlsfail Hospital took place last week. The newly elected secretary, ; Mr M. J. Nolan, explained he could not give a proper statement of affairs, as be had very few documents to guide him: he really bad to' rely on the bank book. At the beginning of last year the Hospital, according to his figures, had a credit of £122, and during the year £1461 6s was received; this left a credit balan'ce at the end of the year of £120 17s 4&lt;L It was shown at the meeting at that date tho Hospital was in credit to the extent of 1286 16s lOd; this can hardly be correct, as it is generally understood that the hospital funds are on the other side of the ledger. However, as Messrs. King and Job are being appointed as auditors, they no doubt will go into matters and get a balance-sheet issueS. At the meeting, Mr L' J. Duffy was elected vice-president; Mr It. G. Dalryniple, treasurer; and Messrs J. A. Mensles, H. Parry, T. Carey, C. E. M. Graham, W. J. Gilbert, and J. H. Payne. Ow ing to a technicality, the chairman ruled that Mr Frank Shaw's nomlna-: tlon as chairman was informal, like wise the nominations of Messrs Mc Donald, Stephens, and Reid as com mitteemen. It was Interesting to no tice that subscribers are taking an interest In hospital affairs. It is, how ever, to be deplored that elections should be carried out on a party or, political basis; the whole of the com munity should be unanimous In work ing for the welfare of this fine Instl-; tutlon. When, however, banking com panies and other firms who have con- ( tlfiually subscribed to hospital funds are debarred from any voting power . by their representatives it may tend to prevent them subscribing In the future. { Mrs E. Barclay left last week on a holiday trip in the North. > | r,^; J^°t|tf tt|>B0.w- "tat""* on wepvrcmeqcn Business. ,« H**FranJc&lt; Arrtrftrong left feife'Thurs d&y for Townsvllle. Mjp E, Barclay, representative of the Goondl Cane Growers, leaves for Cairns | to-morrow to attend a Sugar Growers' Conference. Mr W. Beckett (Ingham), Is visit* lng Innlsfail. Miss Garbutt, Townsvllle, Is visiting Innlsfail, and is the guest of her bro ther, Mr Bert Garbutt. Mrs Pearce (Goondl), has returned after spending some time in Towns vllle. Mr O. Randall arrived to-day from Townsvllle. I Mrs Frank Armstrong arrived to-day after spending three motiths ih >Syd- 1 | ney. Mr Armstrong went to Townsvllle to meet her. Masters W. Shaw and A. Stltt leave on Thursday for South to attend school* 