 The Week Is it not time that we faced the position squarely and told some of our canny politicians to drop this nonsense about the war being against the wish of "the great German people"? The great German people is solidly and en thusiastically behind the Kaiser and his mili tary advisers. Every witness who comes to us from Europe brings fresh evidence of it. Whether a German disaster will shake that faith and support is another question. Now, it is there. It is the great German people with whom we are at war, the people whose women and children and old men are doing the work of the fields and the cities In order to support the able-bodied warriors. We are embroiled with a nation of fighting-men. The people is the army and the army is the people. Courtesy should not be allowed to blind us to facts. • » . * One hundred thousand pounds is to be sent to Belgium by the Federal Labor Government. The gift comes well .from a Government which holds democratic principles dear to its heart. Belgium has done the world an incalculable service, for whether Germany wins or loses on the general issue of this war, the little Fries land State, whose origin lay in the hardy free landers of times past, has secured a permanent place in civilisation. Not all the gold in the Empire can repair the loss of the great souls who fell for modern freedom at Liege; but gold can rehabilitate a State which shall be ever worthy to stand between nLght and right. Motley, in a memorable line, said of the Neth erlands that commerce plucked up half-drown ed Holland by the locks and poured gold into her lap. Britain can do as much for Belgium, and Australia is to help first with a money gift and later .with trade patronage. Seekers after permanent peace are busy in Melbourne. They have formed an alliance out of the Trades Hall Council, the Socialist Party, the Hairdressers' and Wig-makers' Union, and some others. They are resolved that the pres ent war shall :be the last, just as much as the diplomats of Europe resolved that it should never happen at all. Perhaps it will be the last racial war between the great national divi sions of civilised Europe; but there are the Chinese to consider, in Asia, the negroes to be reckoned with-in America; and after that the world-wide antagonisms which must be crushed between class and class" before the millennium dawns. It's^a long way to Tipper ary, as the soldiers sing in the trenches, but poor, valiant old humanity will reach its blessed haven some day, and no doubt the cpurse will be shortened a trifle by all such humble but good-intentioned efforts as these peace-lovers among the Trades Hall Council lors, Wig-makers and Socialists put forth. . Smith, an English wireless operator on a Mexican steamer, when ordered to send offers of coal to the German cruiser Leipzic, immedi ately wrecked the instruments. What hap pened to Smith the cable does hot tell. The brief tale of his heroism , cuts out even his in itials. Perhaps the cabler thought it didn't matter; there are so many million British Smiths in the world, and most of them would have done it if they had been given the chance. Good old Smith! One doesn't envy him his trials alone in the hands of an exasperated Mexican skipper and crew, but the big British D he uttered when he declared he wouldn't help hi? country's enemy must have been an entirely satisfactory mouthful to him at the time. • • • Governments hesitate over the issue of paper money, but if the credit of the Common wealth is not good amongst the people of the Commonwealth it is a pretty blue lookout for it elsewhere. To let our industry be para lysed when we can help each other to keep it going is a palsied form of madness which Australians should not tolerate. Ordinary or conservative banking methods will not serve us in this time of crisis, but, if we are cour ageous and prompt to act, we can And, in the midst of misfortune, a means of giving a fillip to Australian industry that will work to our lasting prosperity. We have before us the example of France, where state banks and paper currency, backed by a stout-hearted and loyal nation of workers, redeemed the country from bankruptcy and raised it to a high place in the finance of the world. Our State Gov ernments in Australia have much pressing and important work to be done, and the suggestion that the Commonwealth should finance them by the issue of extra notes may be the best way out of the money difficulty in which the war has placed us all. • # • Randwick racecourse costumes revealed the fact that Sydney women are wearing bustles. They are hidden away when possible in soft folds of silk and taffetas, but they are being worn. "Tlu-y liifl nif away in ii cupboard, thoy flung me aside in scorn," The battered old bustle blubbered; "I "wish Id never been born. They took me from my place of pride. And left me with my shame to hide, In dusty darkness to abide Till I came to my own at Rand wick; once more I am being worn." Sing welcome home to the bustle that lias been away so long; The skirts that flow and rustle keep tune with this glad song. Though cunningly it's stowed away, Tt still is being worn to-day. And probably nas come to stay. Whut-ho! the crush in the tram-car of a bustling bustled throng. We've looked at a Grecian garment on a saucy Sydney girl. And maybe there was no harm meant, but she set our hearts a-whlrl. Young knuts and greybeards turned to stare, And noted what she chose to wear— They noted, too, what wasn't there Oh. it's down on the Sydney beaches you must go to look for a pearl. Now, the thinking job before her will be hard enough to hurt. For the Sydney summer's coming with a most amassing spurt. How very difficult 'twill be Kven a mere male man may see; But trust the Sydney maiden, she Will harmonise the bustle with the brief pellucid skirt. This is the song of the bustle that is built of the finest steel; The milliners have to hustle—freak fashion sets her heel Upon each gracious curve and line, And, though simplicity's design Pleads hard against its fate condign, The loud triumphant bustle takes heed of no appeal • • • Australian wool-growers are filled with de light at the successful sales of wool in London, giving promise of a good yield from the colon ial clip, which has been stored beyond- its due date for fear that there would be a drop in prices or a failure in the demand. As a fact, war has caused a new demand for wool, which was being pushed out of the market by shoddy cotton stuffs in the time of peace. For sol diers in the field, good woollen garments are necessary to enable them to stand the rigor?, of a winter campaign. And so in many lines of manufacture the cloying prosperity of peace was causing a degeneracy in trade which the fierce efficiency of war will eclipse. "Northerner" -writes:—Anent the drought, the recent heat spell, and the prospects of the rain which promises and never comes, it is curious to note that when the Queensland summer rains come early they slacken off -before Christmas, and a wet summer comes to the south of the continent. Why it should be so even Mr. Wragge doesn't profess to know, but it has been the case frequently in the past. A happy monsoon struck the north last week, and it was to the extent of 21 inches in one part of the tropics. Though this is nothing to talk about in those climes where during the monsoon time any place north of Townsville which doesn't get its ten inches or so of rain a week considers itself in the throes of a fearful drought, the fact remains that the monsoons are early this season, and if history repeats itself we are going to have a summer broken up by Southern Ocean Anti-cyclones which spell rain for the south of the continent. The pearl-fishers at Thursday Island and Darwin have a motto to the effect that an early mon soon means a placid summer, and when they have a placid one we have a v ^ can do with it. * » * Politicians are worried about ti - • this country's export trade as a « , of the war. The decline is due in a r0 demand on cargo boats to take awa. ;roop&lt; and therefore it is temporary. vh&lt;x there are a dozen odd German jn rusting in Australian ports for a jr . ,1 ;l on these that Andrew Fisher has hi- v.Iihi he talks of running a Commonweal 0{ oversea steamers. The only good U,i , -...ss^s do new is to furnish Admiralty eon; vye-v with fat fees for out-of-date and en argu ments as to the disposal of cargo ami ;orth. All this extravagant talky-talky cuuln ,ijs. pensed with if the Federal Governm just commandeered the vessels and coinm ioncl them for the export trade which .so urgently needs them. Melbourne City Councillors talk of rounding off the Swanston and Flinders-street comer by buying out Young and Jackson's and pushing the pavement back over the building line. Consider ing how many millions of citizens have "round ed off" the day at that historic corner, and how many millions more will continue to do so if the Germans don't annoy us and consecrate the spot to a statue of the Kaiser, the City fathers had better take heed how they lay sac rilegious hands on it. A less sentimental rea son against this proposed piece of iconoclasin is that when the new railway depot is es tablished on the east side of Swanston-street, it will be St. Paul's corner that will get a good deal of the crowding, and it might be better and safer to make the expansion of the foot path on this side. The funny old toothprick fence which surrounds the Cathedral is an eye sore at the entrance to the city and, if it were removed, the public could use the Cathedra! ground as an extra footway and, by so doing, pass at least within the shadow of sanctity. * • • Increasing old-age pensions, extending public works, running a Commonwealth line of steam ers, and insisting on a uniform railway gauge throughout the continent are some items in the Fisher Government's show-window speech at the opening of Parliament. No doubt they will do all this and more if the money for the pur pose can be borrowed from abroad, but it is safe to bet that lots of water will pass under the bridge before Great Britain will be induced to lend cash for these schemes. After all, they only represent what the Ministry would like to do if they have the chance. What they will have to do is to invent some means of defray ing the debt caused by the war, work for the expansion of industries, and provide some means for the rehabilitation of any exports which have been stopped through the exigen cies of the war. In the bombardment of Antwerp the works of the Minerva cars have been wrecked. This factory was one of the most complete and up to-date in Europe, whilst the car that bears this name is recognised as being the finest and most successful sleeve-valve of engine made. All the leading automobile factories of Belgium have now been practically destroy ed. In France little has been hear' as to whether the various large motor factor/es have been wrecked. • • • It has been left for a Frenchman, M. nfjues Dalcroze, to discover that the best brain exer cise is rhythmic dancing. It is the has i of all education, greatly increasing the child rind's receptivity for knowledge. Why not a only the system all round? When Mr. Fisher is ; .riving to enunciate a big bold policy, a Scoot hh reel in front of the Speaker's chair will he the natural preliminary to "his oration. Th- • aucus dancing its brains into working order ■ ruld be a glorious spectacle. Before perform in.- a deli cate operation, a great surgeon should dance a tango with the nicest nurse in the ward. Per haps it would be carrying it too far • -1 push it into the pulpit, but some of the ev jc.gelists have come fairly close to dancing a jig curing their passionate appeals. It would greatly heighten the public appreciation of journalism if the two great editors of Melbourne, cogita ting on articles to stir the communiiy. tripped it lightly along St. Kilda road on their way to ColLns-street, and in order to prepare the minds of their readers for the powerful mes sage, the first leader of the day should com mence with the words, "Hey-tiddly-umpty* umpty-um." * # * No other of all the weekly illustrated journals associated with morning newspapers in tne Commonwealth capitals has given to a hunger ing public anything like the number and variety of war pictures served out by the Sydney 'Mail."' The progress of that increasing" popular publication has been notable of la* years, and now it appears that , 0u;' on special machin . r^uipun-:: 10 turn out the best 7 ;in>tr:iti"' - from a rotary press at a " is bringing its reward. Very evi - -'L is the tact of what an elaborate and , ostein ' f photo collection and in 1 s't have been in vogue. Right from Cdimiujrof hostilities the "Mali" has been - .im-in'-i picture-? of such a topical charac r, ,! convincing in interest as to leave no Ihat tile "A! all." no less than the high "v'sts of Kaiseiuom, had prepared for "the f,v" Sow pictures from distributing centres i„'j pinion are beginning to filter through to Au'traba to tell their own tales ef gory scenes, gut so far it has been one scoop after another (or the "Mail." ^ ^ U'estralia, with an adult population of 1;«.,-mi. has by tome miracle got 213,671 names m die electoral roll. Here is a crushing an nvtr far those crusted conservatives who used t"llS.iy thai if .van gave votes'to all the people ^■'wouldn't value them. This advanced jj.p has si re" every adult citizen a vote and thrown in an owra 23,000 votes for luck, so ila. any democrat who has a belief that he can 1 jervc his century by voting early and often can &lt;13 himself full justice. The West is pro gressive. k has dragged itself well ahead of the one-adult-onc-vote .habit. Members of the Chamber of Commerce have complained that a check on their telephone traffic shows them to have been over-charged bv the department to the extent of from 15 to 25 per cent. The discrepancy is too great to be explained away by the theory of an im perfect check in the merchants' offices, and, unless Mr. Spence is filled with the same de sires as a former P.M.G., who was overjoyed at the prospect of "tickling up Collins-street," lie should cause strict inquiry to be made. An amusing incident occurred in a big Melbourne office a little while ago. The employes were obliged to make constant use of the 'phone, both for the office and for themselves, and a supply of colored discs was placed near the instrument. An office call was marked by put ting a white disc in a box and a private call by putting a red disc in another box. An at tendant collected the coppers for the private calls. When the bill came in and the disc checks were counted the office record of calls was far greater than the number charged. It turned out that many of the staff used to put la three discs when they made a call, because they reckoned they would certainly forget to do so next time. That office gave up check ing and paid without a murmur. • • • The crew of. the steamer Canberra struck because they did not approve of the cook, but when the owners gave ear to their protests the Cooks' Union stepped in and said that the Canberra cook was quite good enough. And hciween the disputing unions the steamer was held tip punt her time in port, and the court was invoked to solve the knotty problem as to whether the cook ought to be kept. What a wonderful nation is this that can keep ocean liners from their course while grave magis trates decide on the skill of the ship's cook. Central Am rican republics have nothing more Pantomimic in their daily revolutions. * * * If you oh hi a flake of paint off the law a queer Snoot thing it sometimes becomes. Fifty-five no-".i were wandering round Melbourne the other hoy, liable to arrest on a charge o ship descnlon, but they could not be app bended v. ; hnut warrants, and the warr could not issued without half-crown stamps. The polii:i. offices not being in the habi issuing warrants by the bushel, had _not sui - cient stin ■ .. *. The shipping company s iawy«i, no less a i --son than the Arbiter of Eiegance Mr. W. >; Oroker, didn't have any particular preference o the matter of arresting the men —he wauH-i the lot. Had any other lav^® been ham,; mi? the affair, goodness knows now iong the t. --le would have persisted, but mi. Croker's vie would coax a stamp out oi ine most inaccessible desk in Melbourne, ana, after an hour's scouting under his directio , tue police cfncers secured enough stamp carry the through. How would the London Police have fared with their arrests of thous ands of German reservists and agents it y had had to van round looking for stamps. • ■ • • Irrigation farmers are reaping a Tich kar vest in this year of drought. The money fv making by leasing their lucerne patches a is rates for th« saivation of starving stock wu enable them to increase their cultivation ana improve their standing even in the ardi J Fears of general fair rainfall and lower_pnces. Lucerne growing, which has,.been consistently advised by .\]r. Ehvood Mead, need not be eon . "f ,to th,;' present irrigation districts. . ^ e Welder .plant will grow anywhere thai er can t,e obtained, and on. many of tn open paddocks around Melbourne, "when1 die land-boomer has been checked in his little gambols by the hard times, lucerne could be produced with proiit with the aid or the abun dant water supply from die Van Yeua. • • • The pld dodge of one thief of a pair taking all the .blame in order to set his "cobber" free failed in a Melbourne Court the other day. In Sydney quite recently it was tried success fully and had an absurd sequel. A woman was caught red-handed, according to witnesses, in an act of theft. Another woman of totally dif ferent appearance swore that it was she who had done the stealing. The prosecution's wit nesses swore positively to the identity of the accused. The jury, however, accepted the story of the witness and acquitted the accused. "Now," said the smiling solicitor for the de fence, "I'd like to know what the Crown is going to do about this witness?" Prosecuting counsel had to admit promptly that the Crown could do nothing; its witnesses could not turn round and swear to the second woman us the thief; so that there was no evidence. Another legal obstacle lay in the path of a perjury charge, and so the woman who was accused by the police and the woman who was accused by herself each went her way rejoicing. No examination as to which was really the guilty party is needed to show that the law was very prettily fooled. An extra small sum of money has been placed on the estimates for snagging the River Yarra above Dights Falls. It would not cost a great deal to put In a small lock at the falls so that row-boats and launches could have the full run of the stream whose upper reaches are lovely for summer boating. The work will be appreciated 'by the workless at this period, and the lock would be a boon to river-men, who would willingly pay a toll for the lock service and thus defray the whole cost of the under taking. Melbourne needs to be freed from the imputation that it has no sights for visitors except the Zoo, the Waxworks, the Botanical Gardens, and the Springthorpe monument in the Kew Cemetery. The Yarra is a scenic asset that mignt spread the fame of the city far and wide among holiday-makers, and induce them to stay a few weeks after the Cup is run. * * ♦ That was a good suggestion of the Poultry and Kennel Club to send some thousands of frozen birds for use in London's war hospi tals. In the appeal there is a full explanation of how the birds will be treated and despatched, but they also asked for eggs, and did not make any reference to the manner of their handling. The fact recalls an incident in a Melbourne suburb. Little Tommy was collecting eggs from out-of-the-way nests in a big rambling garden. They carried no certificate of birth. Tommy took them all to a tub of water and explained to the watching visitor: "If dey sink, ve gif 'em to farver; if dey f'oat ve send 'em to ve Germans." In a list of the most unprofitable lines in Victoria appears the railway running to the Cemetery at Fawkner. This, of course, is a trip which every citizen would avoid if pos sible, although he can be guaranteed a special carriage and .have his fare paid toy his rela tives. Evidently, the State has not yet learned how to make profits as an undertaker, and one reason is that the cemetery line is reserved practically for funerals, when it might .well he utilised for increased settlement of the quick as well as of the dead along the route. There are thousands of open acres in this district which could be used for suburban residences if the Commissioners would only give a good railway service. • • • "Athos:—The papers are full of the starving stock in the country, and we hear tales of lambs being given away gratis and sheep sold for ninepence a head. "There is no export, no feed, and no market," says the producer. "But," says the man in the street, "I can't buy a sheep for ninepence, and nobody offers me even half 'a lamb for nothing. By the grace of the war, or the drought, or somebody else's grace, I am allowed to purchase chops for about a farthing less a pound or even less than I did six months ago, when sheep weren't 'dying in thousands' and lambs cast away on the roadside. T.he farmer says he can't sell or give away his sheep, but my own butcher and every other one raises his hands and says 'Mutton still dear.' Either the man who breeds the sheep, or the man who sells them as mutton, or the newspapers, must be colossal liars, or there is a leakage between mutton producer and mutton buyer that bad ly wants stopping." # • • Country members in Victoria are anxious to have the Melbourne tramways placed under the control of the Railway Department. No doubt they have an eye to the profits being used for the development of new railways, but they should get these on their merits without this adventitious aid. The Btreets in which the tramways run belong to the city and suburban councils, and the country shires have no legiti mate claim to tramway profits. The shires are having a magnificent service rendered to them in another dirction by the Country Roads Board, but some of them object that the roads are being made "too good" and designed to gratify motorists. In America every farmer is a motorist; with good roads provided for them, the farmers of this country will find more en joyment in motoring than the town people, who have not any particular interest in traversing long country roads, whereas the man on the soil will find in the flying wheel a salvation from the isolation which is the chief disadvantage of life on the land. 