 Northern Meteorological Station A PROPOSED SCHEME A public meeting conevened by the Mayor (Alderman R. W. McClelland), at the request of some citizens, was &nbsp; held at the Town Hall on Thursday afternoon for the purpose of consider ing the advisability of establishing a Meteorological Station for North Queensland. The Mayor was in the chair, and there were present Messrs J. Hodel, G. Gordon, B. Toll, H. R. Thomson, L. C. Woolrych, R. G. John son, J. Swan (Ingham), J. Donaldson, E Norris, C. Short, E. T. Thorp, E. Aldous, H. B. Marks, J. Woodward, R. A. Wakeford, R. L. Craddock, R. Reid, Captain R. Sunter (of the Wollowra), Dr W. B. Nisbet, and others. The Mayor briefly stated the objects of the meeting, which in view of the heavy rain falling, he thought had been well timed, and called upon Dr Nisbet to further explain the proposal. Dr Nisbet said the subject had been practically opened by the Federal Gov ernment Meteorologist (Mr Hunt), who last year visited the North in order to make inquiries into meteorological matters, and had announced that he would be pleased to meet people in terested in meteorological matters. Un fortunately he did not carry out his proposals, but passed through very hurriedly. The Cairns Chamber of Com merce got hold ot him there, and urged the necessity for a Northern branch of the Meteorological Station, but Mr Hunt said he saw no occasion for the establishment of such a station. When he returned to Townsvllle, scarcely anyone knew he was here, and he only interviewed the President of the Chamber of Commerce and the Post master. Mr Parkes, unfortunately was not so interested in the matter at the time, as he became later, and missed &nbsp; his opportunity. Since the departure of Mr Hunt, the Cairns Chamber had again brought the matter up. At that time he (the speaker), was brought into contact with practically all the officers of the boats trading alone tbe Northern coast, and he interviewed all the captains and pilots on the subject, and they were unanimously of opinion that something should be done in the direction ot establishing a meteoro logical station in the North, for the purpose of forecasting the weather in the centre of the equally belt— whether at Cairns or Townsville or elsewhere, did not matter. And there was no &nbsp; question that such a station should be established. Most of those present had had experience of these squalls, and disturbances, which were more frequent than most people imagined. Mr Wragge, in three years, in giving names to these disturbances had run the whole gamut of be Greek alpha bet and it was in that series that Sigma got its name. Since then they had the squall in which the pearling fleet was lost in the West, also Leonta, and the one in which the Yongala was lost. With the increase in population in the North, and the growth of tra velling traffic, there was a real neces sity for some action being taken. Every other tropical coast In the civi lised portions of the world had some such provision for safety. A ship cap tain had told him recently that all seamen were glad when the three dangerous months were over, and there was no doubt that the nervous strain on the captains must be great. At Mauritius they had the greatest con fidence in the station they had estab lished and at Manila the matter of weather forecasting had been brought practically to an exact science At Hong kong when the storm signals were dis played, the sampans got up their an chors and made for shelter, and even the men-of-war were glad of the warnings to make their preparations. For North Queensland, they had a beautiful out-station in New Cale donia. The federal Government had left them to their own resources, and refused to take action. That morning they had an instance of the unrelia bility of forecast from Melbourne, and the difficulty of getting warnings from there to the places likely to be affec ted. If the meteorologist centre was in the North, the time would not be occupied on the telegraph lines. He be lieved if they could establish and carry on a centre in the North this year it would force the hands of the Government in the future. He did not think there was anyone more capable than Mr Wragge of undertaking this work, and that gentleman had been communicated with, and his reply pub lished. It was a question now of ways and means. Mr Wragge detailed a scheme, in which he wanted nine sta tions equipped with instruments, at the cost of £25 each, and an office for himself and an assistant, and of course their salaries. But this proposal was too elaborate for the present year. They could not get the instruments in time, for one thing. But the Govern ment had been getting reports for &nbsp; years, and they must have the ne cessary instruments. The scheme he would propose was that Mr Wragge be invited to come over from Auck land for the 10 weeks of this season during which they might expect squalls. At £20 or £25 per week. There would also be the cables to pay for from New Caledonia, Gomen, and Fiji, which would probably cost £50 for the period. The whole scheme, he though, might be carried out for £325. But an impor tant proviso must be that they should get the land telegrams free from the Federal Government. For an office he would be willing to offer his own house. He thought Mr Wragge would be will ing to accept the position for the period of the dangerous season. Mr Marks, in connection with the remark, made concerning the Presid ent of the Chamber of Commerce, said Mr Parkes did take the opportunity, of urging the establishment of a Northern Station when Mr Hunt was in Towns ville, but Mr Hunt thought the present system was sufficient. Captain Sunter, of the steamship Wallowra, was called upon to address &nbsp; the meeting, and also took the oppor tunity of displaying a chart showing the course of a hurricane approaching the Queensland coast. He said.— The reasons why there should be a central meteorological station in Tropical Queensland are no doubt quite obvious when you consider that the hurricane cyclone originates in the tropics, passes through them full of fury, a danger to life and property, both on land, and at sea, and really does not lose its dangerous characteristics, until after its passage through the tropics. By having a properly equipped station &nbsp; either at Cairns, or Townsville, I am sure warnings could be sent out hours earlier than under the present condi tions ot weather warnings. Mr Wragge has been written to and asked if he would take charge of a station during the hurricane season, and has an swered in the affirmative. To my mind, a more able man cannot be procured in Australia, and I venture to say, Mr Wragge is perhaps amongst the lead ing meteorologists of the world to-day. His idea of getting barometer readings from places off the coast, is en excel lent one as we are all aware that hur ricanes have rushed down on to the coast from seawards, without giving very much warning of their approach, as far as barometric indications are concerned, until they have, actually reached us in a dangerous form. For instance, the Grantala left here at 4.30 p.m. without any suspicion whatever of the approach of the raging hurri cane which brought about the loss with all hands, of the fine steamer Yongala, and yet after the Grantala had only been at sea two hours, she found her self involved in this dreadful hurri cane. I feel certain that had there been a station here or elsewhere in the tro pics, with barometer readings avail &nbsp; able from places off the coast, the ap proach of this hurricane would have been traced at least in time to prevent the Grantala from going to sea, and the Yongala disaster would most likely have, bean averted. I think everyone will agree with me, when I say, that through loss of life alone, North Queensland has earned the considera tion of the Commonwealth authorities for a station in the tropics. But it ap pears the Commonwealth Meteorolo gist, Mr Hunt, has turned a deaf ear to the cry of Queensland people for a station in their midst, so it leaves but one thing for the people to do, and that is to carry out the present scheme laid before this meeting so ably by Dr. &nbsp; Nisbet. In conclusion, I must say, I admire the determined efforts of that gentleman, and only hope that they will be crowned with that sucess which this noble cause deserves. For my &nbsp; part, I am prepared to place myself at the disposal of any committee that may be formed, to help in this impor tant matter, for I can assure you gen tlemen, that, unless something is done, disasters will happen again, for which we will be very sorry. I would here like to quote Henry Piddington, one of the grand old masters of the law of storms. He says, 'As a mere ques tion of humanity then, we claim on this the highest ground, the support of all, whether sailors, or landsmen. As a scientific question we are certain of the aid of men of science, in every quarter of the globe; and as one of mere pecuniary calculation we may boldly say that merchants, ship owners, underwriters, and sailors themselves, must be wilfully blind and deaf to their plainest interests when they do not encourage the researches relating to storms.' Mr G. Gordon said there was no doubt the establishment of such a sta- tion would be an important thing for North Queensland, more especially for the shipping interests. It was late now, but if they formed an active com mittee, they might be able to get some thing done. &nbsp; &nbsp; Mr J. Donaldson also supported the scheme, and said the sooner, they got under weigh the better. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Mr Woolrych said they were all fully seized with the importance of the proposal, but of course, it was a ques tion of money, and he would like to ask Dr Nisbet if he had any scheme for raising this. &nbsp; Dr Nisbet said the matter was ur gent and anything that was done would have to be done without delay. He would suggest that a committee be formed, and they go right on with the scheme. He would suggest that the shipping companies might he asked to subscribe sums to some extent com mensurate with their interests, and the marine insurance companies be asked. Then there was also a source from which they might also obtain some help— he referred -to the Yongala Relief Fund, which had some £700 to its cre dit. The sufferers by the disaster had been relieved, and the original cause for the fund had ceased to exist. If the trustees of the fund would agree they could give substantial assistance, and with moderate subscriptions from the shipping companies and insurance companies they might have the money required within seven days. If Mr Wragge agreed to accept, they could then insist on the Federal Government supplying them with the free tele grams. Mr H. B. Marks was appointed Sec &nbsp; retary, and the following committee was then appointed:— Messrs C. Short, L. C. Woolrych, R Aldous, G. H. Moore, J. Donaldson, and the Mayor (ex officio). &nbsp; Mr R. A. Wakeford expressed plea sure at the scheme being put in hand. It was a matter of peculiar interest to all coastal towns between Mackay and Cooktown, and he thought the committee should get into direct touch with the municipal councils of these places, and ask for donations. With the small sum required there should not be much difficulty in raising it. This concluded the business of the meeting. A meeting of the committee wae held directly after the public meeting, when the question of finances was gone into. It was decided first of all to cable to Mr Wragge in New Zealand, asking if he would accept certain terms offered, and the reply is now awaited. So far as the financial position is concerned, it is understood the trus tees of the Yongala Relief Fund have consented to contribute £100, provided the balance of the money is raised. 