 Cairns Chamber of Com- merce, Monthly Meeting. North Queensland Meteorological Station. Kr Hunt Again Criticised. Mayor Requested tc Convene Public Meeting. The nicKi-Uy meeting oí tho Cairns Chamber of Commerce was held oa Friday, afternoon. Mr. T, H. Donald sou (Vice President) presiding. flha following . letters were dealt with in the inward correspondence. Hedley AVood and Co., London, wrote stating there was a large iiiar .. ket there for horse, cow hair, ajad pigs bristles, and asking whether there were any collections of same in the Cairns district--Received. Under date. 16th ult., the Traffic Manager (Mr. rPrewett) wrote: "I \ am inreceijjt of your letter, of 15tb " December re increased speed of pu* »enger trains^ It is'intended to al- ter the running of trains shortly, .when certain improvements at stat- ions naive been effected, but the pas- ' 6enger traffic does not warrant run »ing purely passenger trains at pre- sent. The through trains between Cairns and Mareeba, morning and ovening. do no shunting, The only reduce or Dick un loadinc at Kuran anda.'" 'The Vice President : That is in re- ply to our letter as'-úng for an accel . crated, service, and a. purely passen- ger train. From the Postmaster General's De- partment acknowledging receipt of Chamber's communication relative t0 tho inconvenience experienced by rea- son of telegraphic delay and statinp the matter will receive serious consid- eration. The Vice President : I notice a new route has: been suggested but it was turned down as usual. I think we'should ad\ocîI'&lt;.e for a wireless station here. Mr. Carlile: We tried it before. The Vice President : Perhaps they will' get tired of it in the long run and give us one. I do not think we should let the matter remain in abey- ance. They are erecting siuall wire- less stations in Victoria with a range- of 20o miles If we had such a station here it would greatly as- sist us in receiving* weather reports when the lines. are down. Thursday Island could connect with Cooktown, Cooktown with Cairns, and Cairns j with Townsville. . .»*«.- Would ar«diu»oí -SOO miles be sufficient. '"' ~7 *'" Tte Vice Présidant : Quite suffic- ient I think. Townsville has a wire, less station^ and if -we were connect- ed with. Townsville it would be ade- quate. Mr. Warner : I mo vs that raprosen tationa . be made again to the Post- master General asking thal a.- wir» less station: be erected here, abd pointing out' that it would obviât» the great delay in communication which has been experienced in tho Fast. The motion was seconded by Mr. Alison and carried. . It was also resol vea that the car- ious northerr, parliamentary repr? sentatives be asked to support the request of the Chamber. The» Secretary of the Cairns Har hour Board wrote : "I am directed tn acknowledge receipt- of your letter of 15th December.! re my Board's ac- tion in calling tenders to cut timber aï the quarry reserve, and in reply to state that at a meetia^ of ray Boara) held on 18th inst., it was de- cided that as no tenders had been received the matter of selling timber off tho nnarry reserve be abandoned. -H&lt;-C3ive.l. The P.-stmaster General's Depart- ment advised- that the question of connecting the post offices at Dimbu- lah and Thornborough would receive consideration. It was decided, to again writte and \ urge that the matter be not over - looked. Th,e Secretary,Commissioner : for Kailwaj-s, wrote : ''With! reference t0 your letter of 15th ult., regarding the erection of railway, goods shed at Cairns, I beg to inform you that this work is held« over for the present owing to lack of funds. It has not been lost sight of and will be; recon- sidered in a few months." (Laugh- ter). F. Lawrence, Bolwarra! station, wrote drawing attention to the fact that tte postal authorities were con- templating altering the weekly ser- vice to a fortnightly service fr0m Almaden to the old Tate telegraph station, and asking that the Cham- ber use its influence to prevent this, as the district would be practically isolated. j .lt was decided to write to the I Cairns Postmaster on the subject. The Vice President, referring * to j the movement for the establishment cf a meteorological station, in Xorth ! Queensland, apart from the Federal Government,. said the following let-, ter had been received by Captain Ir- vine, commander cf the Innamincka, from Mr Clement Wragge, tke re- nowned meteorologist : "Dear Captain Irvine,-I value PW so Jnuch your kind letter of No- vember 10th, which reached me after a long rielav. and I am glad to know that my arduous work in Queensland of years ago is at lea*t appreciated by my friends of th'e shipping fcom münity nnd ethers and especially in ":*' Vorth o.ír-.-.-sian í. I will jost say here thpt b'fnre my Weather Bureau was disbanded by the Government everything jn connection therewith, especially re the warning of hurri 1 canes, was iirot-clasa wording al- most wita precision Bi * "'carono I meter." Furthermore, i. wUi Kai' I without a moment s ntsitation, and in strict justice to myself that, bad I been in oiix*:, anilla warmng wOuid : have bc-tn given of the storms that wrecked- the Yongala and .Koombana with others. This is a matter of correct diagnosis of the isoLars and the faculty of reasoning the tn»ng out from the winds, clouds, barometric figures and othtr elements. Know in^ that the foundations that I so faithfully and traly laid for the Wea- ther Signal Service have within, the j last ten years been negatived con- j tinues to be a very sore point wita Í rae, inasmuch as utterly apart from every personal consideration, I loy- ally devoted the, best years ot my life in every minute detail to the service of Queensland andj Austral- asia generally, andi regarded my stations as so' many . "pet babies " which I was destined to loose- ' Without being egostistical I know my power full well in this matter, and that no one at present in these States can adequately take iny place As matters now stand I recommend .that u «ntlrriy indixwtent Waataar SignaT "Service 'should beestablished ?loos; the coast« ot Contra! and North Queensland. There should be at. least nine stations in the region indicated, and to equip these proper- ly would cost about £25 each. In addition arrangements would most certainly have to be made with ta* French and Pacific Cable Compan- ies whereby cypher messages could bo received at the He«d Office-say at Townsville or Cairns-from the sta- tions at Gomen, 'Noumea, Norfolk Island and Suva, With respect to observes at the Queensland ~ belt of stations such could be drawn I think from the police or other strictly State' officials (not Federal) and some remuneration should be given to aach observer, the amount to be decided by those who organisa tho new service (unless, of course, any enthusiastic volunteers should come forward). Further more code tele- grams, formula for which are In my possession, would have'to pass to and from the Head Office with re spert to th-e new stations, and as the telegraphs are a Federal concern these would have to be paid for. Probably less than' ül'tpcr dafc- would cover this item. An assistant would be necessary fe clerical work at a Sal- ary at the rate of, s^y, £200 a year. 1 suppose that the new service would operate only during, the hurricane months-say from December to April inclusi ve. With respect to myself, I must bv perfectly straightforward since, my,Weather Bureau was dis- banded scientific lecturing and writ- ing have'becn my means of living. and this is still so. At present J am engaged - to commence a new lec- ture tour opening in Hobart on Feb- ruary 1* next-from thence it is pro- posed to travel, via South Austral- ia, to lecture in Wdstern Australia, passing round the north coast a,id . lecturing- thorough North Queensland between J une and October next. Al so I have acquired interests in New Zealand which require my presence there for at least three months out of the twelve. Thus I prefer to l&lt;?av» j the financial aspect .of my own case { to the consideration of my many friends in North Queensland So as to hear what they propose. Excluding myself fcom the estimates already given you will be enabled to tormul ' ate a decision as to > what the wholo thing will cost-not losing sight of thc fact that the financial proposal», entirely cover, the hurricane months only.. In conclusion, I would again ''nay hoc heartily I appreciate your communication, and the efforts of Dr. Nisbet and my other friends to whom please, as onportunity offers, j convey my kindest remembrances. The necessary instruments, apart i from my own private outfit which I have hare and sufficient for one stat- ion only, would bive to be obtained from Jjondon «nd if necessary . a cftblp could be sent for them to the .--rV-prs vrit'i whom I used to deal in days gone by. ' , With best wishes, etc." The Vice President said fhat Mr. Wra*rge estimated he could stay in North Queensland nine months of tho year. If the people pl North. Queensland had his presence for that time it would- bo sufficient. Mr. S. H. Warner : Mr. Wragge has the confidence of the majority of the public. . The vice-President : If we had Mr. Wragge here it would be in direct opposition to the Federal au- thorities. Mr. Warner r Thev are not. doinc much. Thc vice-President : They are do- ing nothing. Most Queenslanders have pinned their faith to) Air. Wragge's ability. When I was in Townsville last week I went with Captain Irvine" and interviewed Mr. Nesbit, who is taking a. great- in- terest in this matter, and he told me a public meeting would be called there. From what I Can gather the idea is to have a main station with Mr. Wragge in charge, and I two or three sub-stations under the supervision of ari attendant to whom Mr. Wragge would supply details. These stations would acquaint Mr. Wragge of weather conditions, and he conld thus, form his conclusions. I think the idea is a splendid one. I am sorry the Cairns people ; arj not manifesting the interest they should do in this subject. Accord ing to the presa reports Tow-m»-'ila had a good' meeting, and tho-/ S.vc cabled! to .Mr. Wragge straight away. Mr. J. C. Carlile : I suppose they :Wañtií-tlio.:il>e^liKtatioi»V!:ia.t',,:: Town»-; viii»,-" ?. ' ? '." - ?->? The Vice-PresSdent : Not necessar- ily.. I think it is anticipated most of the money will be raised l y Northern people. Captain Irvine told me it -would have to be a vol- untary movement, as we cpuld tct no assistance from tie Federal -,r State Governments. His. id~» it that as Townsville had called a public meeting "Cairns should do tho same, and form a .sub-committee of the residents of both places. The whola thing will cost, I understand, about £1000. Mr. Carlile : Would, that cover tho salary of Mr. Wragçe 1 Thc vice-President : Ves. Mr. Warner : For one term ? The vice-President : I think so. If we had a wireless stclica Rt j Cairns it would be .immaterial «ne- ther the meteorological station wero at Cairns or Townsville. Captain Irvine's idea is that a list should be opened, and the various tnwns along the coast canvassed. He was talking about having subscription lists onened in Brisbane, Sydney, and Melbourne, and asking the ship- ping companies, and others inter- ested, to subscribe. When spread over such a large area the scheme looks quite feasible. Mr. Carlile : Don't you think the Federal Authorities, seeing that the Northern people are unanimous in having a station, will reconsider Mr I Hunt's report ? I Tho vice-President : I understand nothing will be placed on the es tJm.tM. WH** - amtlafmetion - «Ma we.j get ont ot Mr. Hunt's interview i here? He said if a meteorological j station were built here it would be establishing a precedent.. He said the population in North Queens- land was too sparse, yet we find a station erected at Macquarie Island. Apart from the population basis we have to consider the steamers coming along the coast. They have people on hoaïd from all parts of Australia. I think Mr. Hunt's ans- wer is an absurd one. ¡Mr. Warner : When you go to the; more populated places in the south you don't expect to find cyclones there. The vice-President : I was simply disgust*"! with. Hr. Hunt's reply. Mr. Warner : Mr. Hunt! is evident- ly top-dog with the authorities. I would suggest that -we ask the Maror to convene a public meeting. The Vice-president : I think it would be better for the Town Coun- cil to ta>e un this matte'r than the Chamber of Commerce. I would be ashamed to belong to this Chamber if T were like some of its members who seldom come tb a meeting except when it suits them Weather^ is a matter which concern? everybody, and I don't see why rnembers of the Chamber cannot spare an hour a month to take part in its deliberations. Mr. Warner moved that as soon as the secretary had obtained the necessary information from Towns- ville the Mayor he asked to convene á : public meeting to - discuss the question ot «. meteorological sta- tion for North Queensland. ' . The motion was seconded by Mr. Carlile and carried manimously. 