 TOWNSVILLE DAILY BULLETIN. ? PUBLISHED P-UI.Y. ? WEDNICBDAY. JANUARY It. IH14. A large draft of cattle from the Dla manilna River dlBtrlct will be trucking at Wlnton shortly for Garbuti Broo. Ltd. These Include 160 bullocks and 'J cows from Dlamantlna Lakes station and 160 bullocks and 30 cows from an - other station In that vicinity. In the case in which Earl Fitzwilllam and T. Comyn-Platt, of Bristol, .ar« co-respondents, the petitioner is Mr. Alexander Brodrlck Leslie-Melville, a director of the Union ot London and. Smith's Bank, who. in IMS, was mar ried to Mrs Alan Daly (a widow), only lUusUur ut Uw law Colotwl Knrv?v Kelly. V,-l\pn the Commlaslonertor Railways (Mr Clias. Evans) was last on a visit to Townevllle ha promised the Mayor (Alderman R. w. ?McClelUnd) to' send up a number ot photographs or notable acmes along the railways, to bang on the Town Hall walls. On Tuesday, th« Mayor received a telegram -from Mr T. Voley, M.L.A., stating that the -j-hoto. graphs were arriving by the Wyandra, due this morning. At a Bpeclal meeting of the Licensing; Court yesterday, before the LJcentfnc Authority. Mr A. Dean. lea« ot ab- sence was granted to Annie Sbanahsn, licensee of the Royal Oak Hotel, from January 26 to March », Arthur John. Hodel to be left In charga, and to James John CasBldy. licensee of ;li» Palace Hotel, from January U to Feb. rnary S8. Iasheiu Mabel (Malay to be latt in cha«s. Temporary repairs were effected on the Ayr line on Tuesday «nd the bal hui train «ot lhrou»li to Ayr about Z p.m. A special train was Immedlon-ly despatched with malls and paurnK?rs to Townsvllle, and Bt » p.m. a special train was sent from Townsvllle to Ayr. Owing to portions of the line being still under water it In ut present Im possible to ascertain the extent of Ihe daniage to the permanent way. Probate of the will of George Iron side, late of Maikity, firmer, deceased, was granted by the Deputy Het.ih'.rar (Mr Jas. Comrrtord) at the Supreme Court on Tuesday, to John Alfred Nit chelmore, of Mackay, merchant, the sole executor named In the will. (Messrs Roberts, Leu and Barnett, ug tvwn agt'nl'4 for Messrs B. B. Wrigiit end WrlfTht, solicitors for exrculor.l Realty Kworn under £787, personalty £7614. During the recent rains several »r Ihe concrete pipe drains pver In the South Ward have been unable to carry oft the usual supply of water owlnK to their being choked with kerosene tins and other articles. As a reeull the itreets In the vicinity huve been par tially flooded. This is believed to be the work of younk larrikins, and Ihe Mayor haa {requested the police to endeavor to put a stop to the game. At t»e Charters Towers Police Court on Tuesday, before Mr J. C. Llnedalc, P.M., the Town Clerk (Mr 8. W. Harry) proceeded against Richard Joseph Tay on a charge ot stealing as s, clerk. Mr L. A. Francis (of Mesura Marsland and tfarsland) prosecuted, and Mr 11. Wynn Williams (Messrs Wyiyi Williams and Murphy) for the defence. On the ap plication of Mr Francis defendant* was remanded till Thursday, ball being al lowed self in £20. At b meeting of the executive of Cie J\.\VTi»vllle and District Development AsEddullon, held In 'the office of the hon. MHTitary on Tuesday aftermon lust, it was decided to postpone Ilia annual general meeting of the Associa tion,. Tb* «Jtecut(ve committee having been asked to appoint a paid secretary. It wa* decided to appoint Mr O. Donald to the position, whp will take over the Julles frfir. February 1 next. Ao-ounts (tnownlne to a Si 6d wer» passed for payment. Officials of ths A.W.U. have recently been wprklng In the direction of organ ising the female employees In the ho tfls. restaurants and boarding houses In Townsville, and it is stated have met with considerable suoce'JS. Within the next week a meeting Is to be called of 4H lnV«V««ed tor the purpose ot dUcus plajcr the wages sni1 conditions now In operation in Towmvllle, when an en teavor will be made ' to increase the rate of wages and fix some »orf ot pcale. The city reservoir, on the slope of Castle Hill, will be emptied this mprn Ing to undergo Its half-yearly cleaning, the city Bupply being maintained by pumping through (he by-pipe direct nto the mains. Hitherto the cleaning of th« reservoir has been done at night, when the demand for water Is lightest, but In view of the recent heavy rains, on thlB occasion the work can be done In the day time, a. sufficient supply be ing maintained for all requirements by pumping direct Into the malm. A meeting of the Charters Towers Sub-Branch of the Federated Engine Drivers' and Mremen's Association -says the 'Northern Miner'), was held at the Union Rail last even ing. The officers, for the ensuing; half ytor were appointed as follows:— Pre- sident: Mr W. J. Ksast; VlcePresl dant: Mr T. S. Walsh; Secretary: Mr C. W. Jones; Treasurer: Mr J. M. Bragg: Auditors: Messrs W. J. Nankervls and J. R. Cork. The gen eral sepKtary, Mr J. M. Bragg has been svocesatul in placing men in varlouB posltlona during the month. Mr P. Heaarlch, of Cairns, who inent a day or two in Townsville ihls iviwk, speaks in glowing terms of Die out lpoll tor the agricultural industry nt the Co.lrns and Atherton districts. In tbe vicinity of Cairns the area under cane is being steadily extended, aui every thing *o far points to a recorrt crushing next saason. Out towards the Four mile a considerable new ire«, ex ten, Mi, p fiprn the'back of tbe old Show Giouurts, will be \mder cane. At EcU? Hi|l. along the slds. of the hill, applications have been accepted to grow conn fnr the mills, and several farmers in the neigh borhood of Freshwater nn Kiiug in lor cane. At AtherCpn Mr Hudrluh esti mates there are between S0O and 1000 tens pf malse tanked. The new rroi. Is looking remarkably veil, and will prcbably be available abput Juic. Pro filed 90 cyclones or heavy rain occur In the Interval the maize crop of the dlltrlcl is likely to be a record. At Townavllle (says the 'Brisbane Dally Mall'), a meeting; was held to consider the arrangements tor the forecasting of these disturbances. The people in the North believe that a spe cial officer should be stationed at some northern centre. They endeavored to persuade the Commonwealth Meteoro logist (Mr Hunt) to act on this sug gestion when be visited that locality last year. But he expressed the view that the forecasts could be accurately and expeditiously forwarded under the present arrangement. Now the Towns vllle people have made an offer to Mr Clement Wragge to fill the post during the cyclone season this year. Mr Wraggee is well known in Queens land as a successful meteorologist. His predictions have been surprisingly ac curate in many instances. If he will accept the task his work will be wat ched With the closest interest. Possibly some friction will be aroused If such an arrangement Is made. But the dut ies are too important to be governed by sentiment for formality. The public have learned to respect Mr Wragge on account of the results he gives, and it would be a thousand pities if the ques tion of finance stands In the way. If the Federal authorities will not help in this direction the State Government should not hesitate t0 act. No maud lin ceremony should be allowed to pre vent them. The safety of the vessels and of the people they carry should be the first consideration, and if it is. even the risk of overlapping will not prevent action being taken. 