 The Gyelone Season., Need of the North. A Meteorological Station. . For sonic, time past the people , oi Townsvillc und Cairns have been agitat ing ' for tho . establishment of a .meteoro logical station in tho north,. It. is'coiir tended that by: that means may, possible disasters to shipping along the northern coast' in U10 cyclone season lie averted. A incteorologicul station, properly, equipped irid' ollic'icntly managed, would bu serviceable in forecasting disturbances wliicli from ' timu to time threaten - the safety of shipping- , in the ilortli. jMastcr mariners have given their strongest sup port to the agitation, and prominent, itmongst 'tiiem Is Captain G. Jr vine, mas ter of tho. Inunmincka, who conveyed his views ' to a representative of the "Tele graph" yesterday afternoon. "A scien tific meteorological station at Cairns or Townsvillo, with n sctentilie man in it-barge," said Captaih Irvine, "would be tho means' of giving notice' to shipping of approaching storms, 'When Mr, Hunt. Commonwealth Government meteorologist was. in North Queensland lust year, a de putation' urged him to have a station established at Cairns. Mr, Hunt ob- jectcd . on itlie/ groufid of the- expense : in volved, 'Which'/ herald, would- not' ' he- warranted by .tho population affected. Tho northern people, ..weto not 1 rialisflcil with this reply, soV they ' referred tlie ' matter to the- Minister, who eventually also turned down' the' proposal. The people of ' Calrns",;!. arid Townsvillc; lmvc,: decided-, that '.they swill iihavo it .meteorologlca'l star- tioii somelioTV." . Accordingly they, : art organisingVa subscription '-list, ill- aid of thc. movcmonti': - and ' .thcy feel : fonlldent the :!ieoessary'.-&lt;:mon6y i.wili.bo raised.' : It has been 'suggested that anofffir should be made to Mr. ClcmeritaWrhggo, . who, : I' understand, is in New Zcalaud. to crime over arid .run.;. tho station." - "What is your opinion ir. regard to that . idea ?" .queried the reporter. ' "I think it. js. a , very good idcrii'-'- re plied Captaiir -Irvino. - "Mr.-Wragge fis orainently qualified to take cliarge of such . a station, by reason; of his experience in Queensland, and his 'knowledge of local conditions. I. believe the money that is required will ,)io forthcoming,' as the move- nient should appeal -/not' only to north erners, but to many people in the other States, frir the mek employed . on the steamers trading to the north have faimi- lies in the southerri' cities, .and- besides numerous southerners, constantly ure travelling, into -the .tropics, it is wiser to subscribo inririey towafds the preven tion of disnstcrs .than to. subscribe after wards for tlio relief of those 'who; sulfcr liy disasters that' might havo been pre vented; A. .meteorological station would be an invaluable guide as to the approach ' rif : storms. Tlie North Queensland coast , is the onl'v coast in a cyclone area tliat l know of that has' not a meteorological- station.- There .'are .statiriris-which give; . warnings of h tortus at Mauritius,' Hong-: kong,: and Bengal-. ; At- present advices . as to.: VQathcr : indications have" to - be' sent to Melbourne, and maybe tfie storm has , arrived- beforo thft'i'warning -is given.- Mai j- b'n the- wires linve been' blown down, and. it is riot tmssiBIe to give warning. l1'" " "How long a nptice .would you warit ordinarily "I should say 24 hours' - notice / would sufticc. There' hie scarcely any two ports airing the coast /'.more tlmn;;-2i hours .apart. If a 'warhliig .' of a' cyclone- wore gtven we -could fe'triy; in port'' till' tlie dan ger had passed;1'- Something must bo done. We want a man..:tp 'study . theSe storms on the spot;' At present the 'metcorolo- gieal offlee tolls you. what kind- of weather; We have had, biifc-it is .seldorii 'thhy give an idea' Of whfce"RJ :ahead. Alostly their f&rccasts are. so" vague -that .no . matter what kind 'ol weiitlfer comes the . tore- , chstn 'lioJd vgobd. " jvri'biaster- mattnerri tot necessity .study Hi, tteotology;, but we' aro frequently 4ioriplussed.!bv tliese . cyclones/ whicl'i' come ,up: at , an lipur's. novlce. 'To; meet a oyclbrio iri !the, open- sea, , Whenyou have 'plenty rif roqm is bad enough, but it is mrich worse wlien your ship 1b closed in between the shore, arid the /Ba'rrior Reef. ' That. is where the trouble, is- "What is. it estimated will be, .the cost of . equipping and , running ;a meteorologi cal station in the.i>ortli"." . "They" estimate' the cost of .establishing tlio station, would be abouf; i.I',000, and of running it about _ £800 I'cr annum." said Captain Irvine, "What is that. compared ; to the loss involved in 'a. shipwreck: Look. -at the loss .of breadwinners, to' say nothing of the / loss. of-. Sircipcrty. ". I hope ' the necessary lijoney will he subscribed, and l am corifldcnt tliat,; it will be, for iri, the north: the -people' nrc: very determined about .' the matter; and they feel tliey can I'ely Oil assistance- from the south, ff the- Commonwealth continues to refuse to es tablish t-ho-station." ' ' „ ' \ ' 