 A Fine Old Pioneer Mr. Thomas Muir, of "Deeside," near Manjimup, whose photo appears above, is one of the pioneers of the S.W. and S. of this State. Although he has passed the 82nd milestone, he is still hale and hearty, and ''hustles" at cat- tle-hunting and other bush work as vigorously as he did a generation back. T.M. arrived with his parente at Fre- mantle in January, 1844, in the little &nbsp; barque Ganges. From Fremantle the family went to Albany in a whaler &nbsp; skippered by a Capt Cunningham who was killed afterwards in the South Seas. The family, which hailed from Star, in Fifeshire, came out to Mr. G. Cheyne, of Cape Riche (70 miles east of Albany, who was T.M.'s uncle. In cidentatly it might be mentioned that the branch of the Muir family to which "Tom" belongs claims Fifeshire as its native place for many genera- tions, and one offshoot—an octogena- &nbsp; rian named Jeannie Muir—is one of "'Bobbie" Burns' great-granddaughters. T.M. remained seven years at Cape &nbsp; Riche, but as he approached manhood he struck for higher wages—he was &nbsp; getting but £2 per month—as shep- herd. Not getting a response, he went to Forrest Hill (near Mt. Barker), where his father had settled some time before. The "wanderlust,"' however, &nbsp; soon got hold of him, and he and one of his brothers trekked W.N.W., where they at length struck a big sheet of water, about 20 miles east of his pre- sent home. This, which was named &nbsp; &nbsp; Lake Muir, is adjacent to a holding of another of the Muir family. It was in 1852 that "Deeside" was selected. During the '50's T.M. and brother Robert followed the Denmark down to Wilson's Inlet in search of pastoral country, but they found nothing but poor land. In one of these trips to the coast they met with the deserted huts of Leake, Lander, and Crutchley, who in 1846 went there on an unsuccessful attempt to catch and cure fish for the Mauritius market. In 1861 he married Charlotte Her- bert, whose parents came from Northampton (Eng.). Mrs. M., who was the first white woman on the Warren, died ten years ago, leaving a large family of sons and daughters, nearly all of whom reside in the dis- trict opened up by their father. On hearing of the Forrests' trip to Eucla, T.M. and one of his brothers went there in two trips of the brig Emily Smith, with about 1000 head of sheep and horses. They made many trips inland while in the Eucla dis- trict, which Mr. Muir describes as poor saltbush country for the most part. After putting in two years there, dur- ing which they went to Fowler's Bay (S.A.) to learn the art of well-sinking, they got as far as Port Lincoln, whence they left in the schooner Grace Dar- ling for Adelaide. T.M. then made for his home at Deeside. Since that time he has made only one inland trip, when he and his brothers travelled in the district in and around where Wagin is now. "Tom" wanted to take up land there, but his brothers were not will- ing, and matters were allowed to "slide." In 1912 he paid a visit to his native country and the Continent, but re- turned to the land of his adoption be- fore the close of the year. &nbsp; A Yalgoo correspondent writing to the "Geraldton Express" says:— The great benefit the summer rains on the Murchison has been to the farmers and settlers on the coast is evidenced by the enormous amount of starving stock passing through by both road &nbsp; and rail for the last couple of months. Yalgoo is not in the portion where the grass is like cornfields, although there are numerous patches of good feed around, and local stock are all looking well, and the lakes and water-holes are all overflowing. Yalgoo fortunate- ly missed the cyclone that recently visited various portions of the State, although the wind was sufficiently strong to raise clouds of dust. Only a few hours after we had a rainfall of 160 points. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; A correspondent writes: The tornado &nbsp; that visited Dinninup at the end of last month was very severe. It had pass- &nbsp; ed through Lillydale, levelling fences, trees, and outhouses, also the kitchen chimney. The stable, cartshed, barn, and cowshed were all replaced in Janu- ary last. They were rebuilt, both larger and stronger, the hay, seed and manure being stored. In the storm of Febru- ary 26 the roof of half the shed was completely turned over, and the poles that were in the ground pulled out and pointed skyward. I had just released the dogs when a large gum-tree fell on &nbsp; the spot, both dogs and myself having &nbsp; a very narrow escape. I was alone, &nbsp; and the storm beats description. I was glad when daylight came. Says the "Southern' Argus":— The commencement of platelaying on the westward line of the Wagin-Bowell- ing railway has meant a considerable increase in the men employed. There &nbsp; &nbsp; are now some 160 employed on the &nbsp; construction altogether. The rails are &nbsp; laid out for five miles, and it is ex- pected that they will reach to 16 miles out within the month. The clearing and formation will then be continued, and some of the men will come back on the 15 miles for a time to ballast &nbsp; and complete it. It is hoped this short length is not to be the total con- structed from Wagin, and that the balance is to be built from Bowelling. If so, it is just as well if our civic fathers ascertain the exact position, and get it taken on at least past the Albany-road from Wagin. Says the Moora "Herald" — The de- sire to get as much land ready for the plough this season as possible has prompted Mr. A. R. Richardson and some of his neighbors to form them- selves into a party to operate a large tractor for scrub-rolling and other pur- poses. The Mindalla company is there- fore in existence, and, armed with a 26-h.p. J.H.C. tractor, operations have begun. Last week this massive piece of machinery arrived from Perth in charge of S. Wake, and it was interesting to observe the ease with which its driver moved it off its truck to the railway platform under its own power. Subsequently it drew a considerable load of benzine and stores packed upon a trailing waggon out the 32 miles to Myalling, where rolling is to be pushed on with at the utmost speed possible. Mr. Clement Wragge has computed a forecast for the seasons of Australia for the next 15 years, based mainly on the physical conditions of the sun with respect to its maxima and mini- ma moods, moving in cycles of 11 years. During part of this year, Mr. Wragge says, taking Australia as a whole, the rainfall will be below the average. This by no means implies &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; that there will be no rain. On the contrary, good intervening rains will come, and the last part of the year will be better than the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards, the rainfall will increase markedly, and from 1916 to 1920 inclusive the seasons will be distinctly good with abundant precipi- tation. After 1920 the rainfall will be- gin to fall off, and the worst part of the next "under average" period may be called a drought. In 1925 matters will begin to improve, and good seasons will prevail from 1925 to 1935. From Kumminin: Judging by the &nbsp; &nbsp; quantity of rain which has fallen since the beginning of the ycar it looks as though we are at last going to have a bumper season. The self-sown wheat in sprouting nicely and should help to tide settlers over the shortage of feed difficulty whilst preparing for seeding. Farmers are complaining bitterly about the methods adopted by the Assistance Board. In some instances applications for assistance have been in for three months, and up to now no one knows definitely to what extent assistance is to be given. The wheat muddle is bad &nbsp; enough, but there seems no earthly rea- son why there should be so much de- lay in letting us know the quantity of super it is proposed to supply. Some of the merchants in Perth appear to be in possession of these facts, vide &nbsp; circulars issued to farmers soliciting their orders and stating that the ap- plications had been approved by the board. It is rumored that there is go- ing to be a shortage of tarpaulins to cover the fertilisers when they are &nbsp; sent forward, and if such is to be the case, why not rail some of it right away so that the truck coverings could be utilised for sending later consign- &nbsp; &nbsp; ments? There seems to be plenty of &nbsp; ted tape; why not swathe the super in some of that? Some months ago the Government made a great song about &nbsp; the way in which they were going to provide assistance, and in making application on the prescribed forms one &nbsp; naturally expected to be informed to what extent in regard to each item of the estimated expenditure assistance would be given. The months are drag- ging on, and up to the present no one appears to be enlightened on the sub- ject, with the exception of one item, "Stores." The bachelors are feeling &nbsp; very grateful to a benevolent Govern- ment for allowing them fifteen bob a week, and the question now asked is, if it costs a farmer (cultivating 300 acres of wheat land single-handed and producing 3600 bushels valued at 6s. per bushel) fifteen shillings a week to live, what should be the cost of keep- ing a gaseous politician who works on an average six months in the year and picnics the remainder. 