 WEATHER TALKS RAIN AND DROUGHT INFLUENCE CF THE SUN 1IR. WKAGGE S OPINION'S. By Nimbns—No. 1. Now that all eyes arc skywards and all minds ar-' -waiting for rain, it may be in teresting to recall Mr. Clement Wragge's opinion.* of the sunset theory- In his u~ua) pictuiesque style be delivered him self thus a frw years ago:— To ch? true scientist, Australasia has a greater interest than perhaps any otber country. And its chief interest is for the mete.iroloprist—the student of the air and the weather. rain and drought. sunshine and eTorm, heat and cold, good seasons and had seasons. Xo other part of the -world .-Ln-.VM-S S3 quickly to the ruining moods of the enn. Sun-Spot Wragge. The sun! That..is the secret! Perhaps you have heard icmorant critics call me .'"Sun-Spot Wragge!" That does not mat ter. It is raervly their vulgar tribute to my great discovery—'the great scientific truta that good sea-ons and bad seasons in Australia depend mainly upon the chang ing moods of the sun tbat follow each other in regular cycle. ' On that truth I have been able to base my weather forecasts for the far future. Watch my forecasts for your self and test their truth. All men. with logical minds and scientific knowledge must accept my conclusions. But first 1 must tell you how- and why the sun it so ail powerful. Great heavens! • What a tre mendous subject this is! But came, O Muse! Lend me thine aid and let me smg the song of the solar system! And what is the sun ? Great as he seems, he is only a second-class variable star. BiiiMUi of years ago he was born— sloughed c.S with others of his est from the main body of cosmic gases in this ap palling universe. In turn, the sun gave biith to the planets of worlds that form this tiny solar syst?m. Mercury, Venus, Eartii^Mars^ th* Asteroids, Jupiter, •Sa turn, Uranus, and Neptune. The? eon him self is only one of millions of other suns, some far better than liimself. With them he helps to make up the Milky Way. And aion? the Milky Way .the sun is speeding, on an unknown orbit, taking lis and our fellow .worlds with him on that frightful journey at the rate of something like 291 -miles a minute, or 153 millions of miles in one year. Well may we exclaim, "Whither^ oh, whither are we bound'""' But, even as we cry, the .answer seems to reach us from the Supreme P&lt;£wer—'Tear not, O man. thou art a spark of Me, the -Infinite Dynamo, the Alpha and the Omega! No thing is lost in My Almighty Nature! Your sun is My authorised agent, My at torney, to whom I have given My power to deal with your tiny earth. Seek there fore the sun and learn from him. He is guided by Me, and he is the author of every form or energy made manifest on earth." Yes, the sun must toll us what changes in climate mean and how they govern this planet, and especially that portion of it called Australasia. In mas.- the sun is 330,003 times greater £han 'the earth. In bulk he is 1,300,000 times bigger. From side to side his dia meter is more than 860,000 miles. He weighs two octillions of tans. These are figures that stagger ■the:human mind. Yet, remember, lie sun himself, with all his plants, arc but puny grains of luminous dust when compared -with the frightful my riads of other suns in this most awful universe. How insignificant, then, is our own earth! And remember that only a miserably small fraction of the tun's on ers' reaches us. With this he wields bis power governor, "andt keeps this planet in its ore-it. With thi* he made the ever lasting hills anil valk-ys With this he divided the land and se>a-and filled them each every form of life. His subtle rays paint the flowers and the butterflies' wings. His rays produce the gentle zephyr and the tearing gale. They play with the mists and the fogs, the dews and the rains. The sun brings us our times of drought and plenty—-our poverty and our wealth — our sickn:«5 and our heal;b—our gladness and our sorrow! Startling as these state ments are, tlrey are nevertheless true—and there is no religion higher than truth/' '"Subject to Moods." The sun, as I said, is a secon3-class vari able star. Why variable? Because, like a woman, ho i» subject to moods*—to good humor and bad humor. Or, as we ecien tisis say, because be is subject to times of activity and to, times of comparative rest. The time from the quiet to the ac tive mood is about three and one-half (3.52) year;—and from the active to the next quiet mood about seven and one-half (7.55) years. During the sun's periods of great activity, more and mo;e of the so-called "sun-spots" are observed—and, during the | times of comparative rest, fewer, if any, &lt;f them. And what are these so-called "spots?" They are gigantic hurricanes piercing an3 tearing and ripping through j the urn's three ma:n atmsnpheres with an i ene -gy of which the human mind cannot j form the f-in.est conception. They arc . the centres of solar cyclones. And in tbe "hollows" iormed by these, this earth would lie like a pebble in the crater of the greatest volcano. And as fire, smoke •craters, so on. tbe sun's surface great and molten lava burst f;om volcanic red flames of hydrogen leap from these lielish cyclones &lt;with titanic fury: These flames and storms affect the earth, as you will see—for, although the sun is 92.000,003 miles away, that distance in astronomy is no more than the prover bial "flea-bite." Birth of the Earth. And how was this world bornt It was thrown off from the sun in a state of white beat, much like an -emery wheel throws off a s{>ark. Thai was about 230 millions of years ago, if you strike an average between astronomical and geo logical research. At once th« &lt;sariii be gan to cool off and gradually to solidify. Whirling on its way, about 30,009,000 of years later, the earth in turn threw off the moon. At that time the earth was still hot and steamy, and was turning round on its axis once every three hours, instead of once every 24 hours as now. All through those fearful ages, at times when the sun was comparatively quiet, the earth gave off its heat more rapidly into space and c*»Vd all the quicker— because at such times it got less energy from the sun. When the earth had tool ed enough there came in turn all forms of vegetable and animal life, until man himself appeared—and woman," too, by the way. and heaven only knows what we should do without her! And the earth will go on cooling and contracting until at last Sydnev and Auckland harbors, and even Port Phil lip Bay, will once day become dry land. That has already happened to the Blue Mountains, for the occan once flowed over them. At length this world will die, and become lifeless even as the raooijf is onw. But don't foe alaronel! There is still enough energy left in this globe to support life for thousands of years to come. The Earth has been Cooling. Xow, someone may say to me:—"See here, Mr. Wragge, you talk about the sun's periods of least and greatest ener gy—but, can't you tell us when these pe riods takes place, so that to can see for ourselves what they are like?" I always like interruptions like that, so 1 ans wer :—Certainly iny friend, I can. You have felt earthquakes; you have seen effect of one of the most disastrous pe riods of "solar laziness" on record. You nave seen the great Australian drought. Perhaps (if you live in Adelaide) you have felt eahtrquakes; you bave seen &lt;il vou life in Tarniania) the wonderful displays of the southern lights; and (if you iive in New Zealand) you know of the great excitement of the geysers in the hot lakes districts. But, at any rate, wherever you live, you have read in the papers about the fearful fate of Mar tinique and tbe terrible volcanic erup tions. You have seen or felt or heard of all this—but probably you never asked yourself ihe reason for it all. Well, here it is :— For ihe last six years, the sun has been in one of its quiet moods. There have been few "sun-spots." And so, of course, it has not been sending us as much heat and energy as usual. The result is that the earth lias been cooling down more quickly. You know what happens ii you cool a hot stove too quick iy in- spilling cold water on it—it cracks. So. too. the earth cooied so quickly in 1908 that is cracked in places and shook and spluttered. When it shook, you had earthquakes and tidal waves; when it spluttered; you had hot springs ex ploding and volcanoes pouring out mol ten death and desolation; when it cracked, the sea was probably let into the fiery depths of the earth—and that jikely caused the terrible disaster a± Martinique. .Now some carping would-be critic may say:—"What has all this to do with the tide of- your article? You seem to have 'sun-spots' on the brain! Tell us something about weather and clim ate." The answer is—it has everything to do with itThe weather depends upon the atmosphere—and the atmos phere. being the lightest part of the earth, is affected by the slin more easily than any other part. When the state of the sun can make a continent tremble and set huge volcanoes going, surely yon are not surprised to know that it affects the winds and the clouds and the rain fall! A Story. Here is a story—a little hit of history, 45 years old—to 6how you how close the connection is between the sun and the earth, although xhey are more than ninety-two million miles apart. The disturbances in 1902 were caused by the rapid cooling of the earth during the sun's period of rest—but the excitement in the story which I am going to tell you was caused by one of the sun storms in 'his period of great activity. On September 1, 1859, the astronomer HJarrinjrton was watching the sun through his "smoked" telescope when ho saw a ffreat flare-up. It was a flame that seemed to shoot across the dark centre of one of the cyclonic "sun spots." In the twinkling of an eye, fearful mag netic disturbances occurred on this pla net—ats though the earth and the sun were connected by a short distance tele phone. Magnificent displays of Aurora, burst forth from polar latitudes in each hemisphere of earth. The whole elec tric condition ot this little globe was knocked topsy turvy. Magnetographs in the observatories were violently agitaied; telegraphic operators in tlie United States were thrown off their chairs with the shock; and in Norway and Sweden electric instruments were - positively ruined? Do vou want another instance? Well, take the few hours between October 30 and November 1 of 1903. You probably remember the beautiful displays of Aurora AustraJis observed then in the southern parte of Australia and Tasma nia; you recollect the cablegrams that telegraphic communication with France was suddenly cut off; and you recall that in the Melbourne Observatory all the magnetic instruments were disturbed. And all these things uere caused .by the great red hydrogen flaines which began then to leap higher and higher from the sun. For the sun has now passed his time in laziness. and re again increasing in energy. 