 The following appeared in our Second Edition yesterday. ! northern meteorological ; bureau, 'Almost immediately after the tragic Disappearance of tho Yongala on the northern coast of Queensland the " Tele graph " started an agitation for the establishment of a completely equipped meteorological bureau at Cairns. . The matter was vigorously talfen up by northern chambers of commerce ; repre sentations were mado to ' the Federal Government, and deputations waited on tho Federal Minister for Home Affairs. But, for some reason never yet explained, tho chief meteorological officer set his face against the proposal, with the re sult that, so far as that officer's de partment is concerned, those who travel northwards in the cyclone season ot tho . year are exposed to all the perils through which' those /who travelled our : northern coasts before meteorology was known as an exact science, had to pass. So keenly did the people' of tho north, feel on the subject that tlicy entered into- negotia tions with Mr. Clement Wragge, for tho organisation of a meteorological bureau, the expense of whose , upkeep was to he undertaken by private firms and in dividuals. Apparently, that scheme must have fallen through, else it would not have been necessary for that Townsville deputation . which- waited on tho Premier on Saturday to urge his influence with the Federal Government establish a bureau in tho north. That Such a bureau still should be wanting is almost in credible, Meteorological news and data concerning , conditions in the north are sent to Melbourne. After they have wearily reached that city, they are sent hack oil the t" wearisome return journey' to Townsvillo and Cairns, where they arrive, as a rule, about twenty-four hours after , they are of any use. That the cyclonic season is tho 1 special playtime of devastating storms that wreck landllnes as they wreck- cob webs, apparently has not occurred to the chief meteorological office. That such is the case is as well known to all who have had occasion to -use those lines during the cyclonio season is a matter of com monest knowledge. Therefore, after reli able meteorological data has been received in the north, and has been seat on the . wearisome return journey to .the south, the chances are that somewhere betwixt Brisbane and Cairns, it will meet an im passable abyss of broken communication, over which it will be passed probably , not later than the week ' following. This may appear to be a hyperbolical statement' of the matter. It is ot such authenticity, that experience consistently hears it , Out. And the most amazing part ot this apathy or indifference of the department, cancerned is that so many disasters might have been averted had the bureau in ques- tion been established when first it was proposed. What will result from the re presentations of Saturday's' deputation 'J (The Premier is known to be a "stickler" when once he starts out on a quest. But prill he be able to overcome the forces, ; that, for vears, have stood in the wav of the establishment of the proposed northern meteorological bureau ? If ' he is able ta do that, . and if he is able to succeed in his quest, then, indeed, he is. entitled to the V.O. of politics. 