 Workers' Educational Association - _I 1- LECTURE BY MR. H. CURLEWIS. .. On Friday night, in the Mechanics' Institute, Mr.. H. Curlewis, Acting Gov ernment Astronomer, "delivered hiB lec ture on "Western Australian Weather and Methods of Forecasting" to . an appreciative aufflrenjee) of aboluff one hundred. In. the unavoidable absence of Mr. H; P. Colebatch, the chair was occupied by - Mr.;, A. Gibbs (Vice-Presi dent), (wlio, iji introducing the lecturer, stated, that the lecture had long been looked forward to by members, and also- mentioned that Mr.. Curlewis had gone to special trouble in the endea vour to fully illustrate his remaris hy lantern slides and charts. jur. uuriewis, m Deginmng his lec ture, stated that he would Ifke his au dience to remember that he was. ', hot responsible for the daily, forec'aefs pub: lished in the Press. These are issued from Melbourne, and are ,b&sei upon information supplied by the various re cording stations in Western Australia- He, stated that 'this arrangement had been in force since 1908, but prior to that time, when forecasts- were issued by the . Perth Observatory, he had bad. considerable experience. The lecturer stated that the Meteorologist, when forecasting, took into consideration six- primary elements : (1) Temperature : (2) pressure as shown by barometrical readings; (3) clouds; (4) wind; (5) precipitation— under which term- .was included rain; dew, frost, mist, et'ci; (6) humidity as indicated by the read-, ings of the wet and dry bulb - ther mometer. -These were the factors con sidered at all the first-class stations' throughout the Commonwealth. After discussing each of these elements in turn it was pointed out that -the Me teorologist in Melbourne possessed one great advantage over the Meteorolo gist in Perth. The torinef had the data from a great stretch of Austra lia to the west of him, while a man in Perth had, of course, no' data fr.om the ' expanse of water ho the west. "As the direction of "lows" and "Highs" wap from west to east, the various readings from Western Australia and South Australia were of the greatest' importance to the Weather Bureau in Melbourne. It would.be seen after the discussion of the six primary elements that, the 'sun was the great controll ing influence, being as it was the great source of heat, and although it was not uncommon to find in almost every, community, many persons who believ ed that "the moon had an . important influence on the . weather — and he . ( the speaker) must therefore proceed cau tiously—he had little doubt in his own mind that the moon's influence was a. negligible factor. It was generally known, of course, that the declination of the moon varied from an angle of 28 J degrees to an angle of 181 degrees' and back again to 28j degrees in a period of nineteen years. According Ao this the late Mr. Russell had deduced a theory that during the change in declination from 28 degrees to 18 de grees, we should experience in - the Southern Hemisphere , bad years of rain, and good years as the declination in creased from i8 degrees to 28 degrees. In the light of experience, however, tli's deduction must -be (questioned. Mr. Wragg© had deduced a theory! from the eleven year cycle of - maximum and minimum sun spots and had predicted that during the maximum period abun dant rain could be expected in the Southern Hemisphere, and' droughts during the minimum period. In ac cordance with the hypothesis he con cluded that we dhould have dry years From 190(5 to 1912. v«t for' tjhn seven years' inclusion the average annual rainfall of Northam for example was nearly seventeen inches, a higher aver age than for the years 1884 to 1915 inclusive. -In discussing cloud forma tion and movement, the lecturer stress ed the importance of the appearance and direction of the Cirrus clouds, one kind of whioh was popularly known as Mare's Tails. These clouds were formed in the high ' layers of the atmosphere, and, as the- normal move ment of the upper currents of .the at mosphere -was in the Southern Hemis phere, from the north-west, the ap pearance of Cirrus clouds indicated a low pressure area moving with She up per air current, and -if a meteorolo gist could get reliable local data from various stations concerning the ap pearance and direction of such clouds, he would ho in possession of very valuable information. ' The direction was not easily obtained by the inex perienced observer, for, if the clouds were in motion low down on the hori zon, one anight very easily 'be misled. A very interesting account was given of the cause of the disturbances, com monly known as "willy-willys /' ' and the factors which tended to incieaSfi or decrease" their intensity. Special reference was made to the disastrous cyclonic disturbance experienced in Perth last year'. .The lecture was highly appreciated by those present, 'and in reply to a remark from one of the audience the lecturer stated that with more detail ed information from a few specially selected stations within the -'State a more reliable forecast would probably he obtained by a local 'meteorologist than by one three thousand miles dis tant./ /- # . I who might be interested, and it was within ah hour of midnight when the last of the enthusiastic inquirers left the Institute. A very sincere vote of thanks "was proposed by Mr. C. C. Cutts and sec onded by Mr. E. Henley. Mr. Curlewis stated that he would be very pleasedyto visit Northam again whenever the . : Workers' .Educational Association thought he could te of any service.'" 