 KADINA, WEDNESDAY, JULY 5. RAINFALL AND WATER CONSERVATION. The recent heavy and- welcome rains hare pat new heart into the country. The wet June that has been experienced, is almost a record for this part of the State, and'is in pleas ing contrast to the disastrous drought that devastated South Australia during 1913-14. In every , instance the average of the Yorke's Peninsula stations, has been exceeded, in a num ber. of cases by as much as an hundred per cent. The heeljand middle of our srearfaas been' especially favored, and seven inches were reached at Mait land, Yorketown and Minlaton. The average for the Peninsula runs into something like four inches, and the Mount I»ofty Banges gauged an even bigger fall than this. Altogether the rain was general, and at Kapunda the previous record for the month was broken, with a good number of points to Bpare. The rural population natur ally reaps the first benefit, but the ad vantage is with the whole State. Though we are still a war-stricken people, we have every cause for re joicing at the immunity from the hor rors that a campaign in this country would entail for us. We are grate ful, of that there can be no doubt, but the drought of 1913-14 should have taught us a lesson to the effect strenuous efforts should be made to place the country in such a position that the seemingly inevitable droughts will not injure us to the extent they can do when they find us unprepared. There are two names that stand out with prominence when the forecasting of the season is discussed f they are ' those of Messrs Clement Wragge and A. Hunt. Mr Wragge has made a name for himself in connection with the identification of good or bad years with the now famous sun-spots. Cycles of forecasts have been issued by the well-known New Zealander, and in the majority of cases they have proved correct. Whether there is anything in the sun-spot theory is not ' the purpose of this article to discuss ; suffice it that Mr Wragge has more, often been right than wrong. We must content ourselves with saying that there »'something in it, and that both he and Mr Hunt are agreed that the season following a drought is marked in Australia by abundant rains.1 From statistics available, this certainly seems to be true. In this conijpctioD Mr Hunt quotes the fol lowing figures :—Victoria—Drought year, 1888, 19.7 inches ; 1889, 32 71; Draught year, 1902, 18.55 inches ; 1903, 27.45. New South Wales— 1888, 13.4 ; 1889, 29.25 inches ; 1902, 14.00-; 1903, 24.00 inóhes. Unlike Mr Wragge, Mr Hunt does not see any data to support the cycle theory. In answer to a question by a reporter Mr Hunt paid :—We have tested every cycle that has any scientific basis, and have even formed cycles of our own. . None' have been of any use to us. To my mind, a weighty argument against the application «of a cycle theory is the fact that a contin ental area like Australia controls its climate in a - large measure by the varying contours of the surface of the land. With the progress of man's activities in the interior the climate, to some degree, will be modified until a normal stage will "tie reached at last. In South Australia the 1913-14 season has been the driest on record. Actually, there are three distinct ! sources of rain in Australia. Firstly - —Southern storms, which benefit &lt; South Australia and the southern part i of Western Australia. Ifthe$e storms i predominate, Queensland ánd New. i South Wales suffeF from want ofjain. Secondly—Tropical depressions. If ¡ these predominate, as in the case'of i the drought year, Queensland and the ■ north-eastern paúl; of New South 1 Wales benefit at the expense of the i southern areas. Thirdly—Ahti-cyclon- j ic conditions, which benefit solely the &lt; eastern littoral of Australia There is i always a ^tendency for, seasonal pre dominance of one of these sources of supply. In 1918-14 the southern storms failed almost entirely, whereas the tropical and anti-cyclonic disturb ances showed considerable vigor. The result was that South Australia, and in fact all the southern portions of the continent, suffered disastrously. Flocks were depleted, and the harvest was practically ml, all owing to the absence, of - the rain. There is no doubt that the safety of the State lies in the wise conservation of water in seasons wjien conditions favor this being done. We have pointed out with a frequency that certainly should have had some little effect, that the one great problem before this country is the adequate conservation of water. It is evident that, as the knowledge of. the resources of the State increases, the effects of a drought will be less and less felt Not in cycle theories, but in conservation and irrigation lies our hope. Drought years are really freak years, and it is to our manifest advantage to make all possible pro vision for the season that is so much below normal that the consequences re-act for two or three years. In this, as in other important matters, the Government should at once initi ate a policy of conservation that should meet the wants of the rural population in part, if not wholly, aiid mitigate to-some extent the ravages that are caused by the unseasonable absence of the moisture upon which our existence in this fair country absolutely depends. Much has been done in this direction, .but not nearly enough. When every district has its reservoir, and not till then, will the evil be kept at arm's length. 