 Wragge's Forecast. weather wizard's warnings. There aro many people who Inugb at Mr. Clement Wraggc, and heap ridi cule on bis long-distunco forecasts, de claring that Wraggc is a fnuatie. Sensible people neither deny nor ac cept. Mr. Wragge's prophecies — they wait for results. Sensible people have their own common theories of the morlts of Wragge's forecasts, but thoy know that the philosophy of the lay man is often blown to smithereens by I the empiricism of the scientist. And I whether Clement tho Counter of Sun I Spots tic u modern Merlin or the gen uine ail-gohl prophet is not proved or disproved by the disputations of those who swear by him and those who re gard him ns a charlatan, or a chap that bus a bee iu his bonnet. How ever, the Weather Wizurd, by his fu ture readings of two years ngo. is en titled to respect, even though oue lobe of the brnin tuny say that it is the long nrm of co-incidence, and the other declare "There you are; I told you These remarks arc prompted by a prophecy of Wraggc dictated just oti two years ago to u pressman. Tho re port has been handed to us by Mr. T. A. N'icholttv, who is ever raking up something tram the dusty archives ot the years that huvc gone. Wo should I not wonder if uext wo heard of Mr. | N'lcholus becoming an archaeologist—' L he'll find his true vocntiou some day. - But that's neither here nor there. All that we ask tho scoffers to do Is to read tho subjoined report, and let us know if they still are sceptical. It was in October, 1814, that a re- presentative of tho Auckland "Stnr" interviewed Mr. Wraggc at tho Inttcr's home, and this is how the journalist describes what took place — what Mr. Wraggc did and said: The Elusive Sunspot. "Tho meteorologist," says the re port, "fetched a hugo telescope, for midable as a machine gun, pointed it at the slanting rays of tho sun, nnd al lowed a bright half-crown of light from the lens — tho photograph of tho sun — to play on a whito blotting pud. "No suuspots and no rain just yet," was his rueful verdict, "l'vo bcou expecting one just lately. It Bhould appear to-morrow or the next day on tho edge of tho suu, and when it works to tho centra conditions will bo favor able to ruin." Tho prophet next gave tbo barometer a professional rap, jotted a figure, aud dubiously said "Umph." Producing a chart of the Australasian regions, he went outside to test the direction oi tbo wind to find tho lay of tho low atmospheric pressure region, aud thou commenced to rapidly draw wavy "isobars" on tho chart. Looking Ahead. Mr. Wraggc has computed forecasts for tho soasous of Australia up till 1U30, and those, ho says, aro applicable to Now Zcaltfnd, with slight modifica tions, owing to physical and geogra phical seasons. During 1814 and part of 1813, ho says, tbo rainfall, taking Australia as a whole, will bo uudcr the average. This by no moans implies thnt tlicro will bo uo rain. On the contrury, good intervening rains will occur, ami the last part of this period will be better than tho first. From tho middlo of 1815 onwards, tho rain fall will mnrkedly increase, and from 1810 to 1820, inclusive, tho aeasouswill bo distinctly good, with ubundunt pre cipitation. After 1020 the raiufull will begin to steadily fall off, and tho worst part of tho next great "uudor average " period will bo 1823 and 182-1. Austra lians will bo justified in calling that a drought, in 1825 matters will begin to improve, ami good seasons will pre vail from 1825 to 1838. Those forecasts, explained Mr. Wraggc, aro mainly bused on the physical condition of tho stm with re spect to its maxima and minima moods, moving 111 cycles 01 cicvcu years, oust now wo arc nenring the end of the solar minimum — or the period when tho fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which wo on enrth hud uo con ception, wore least violent. Tho maximum period' .would com mence at tho end of 1815, and until then, although ho did not expect the seasons to bo so bad as thoy hud been, abnormal rains must not he anticipat ed. Intorvcuing ruins in New Zealand should givo u heavier fall than in Aus tralia. In tho drought ho predicted Now Zealand would not suffer to tho Bii.iiv cxicui as Australia, owiug 10 us climato being insular, whereas that of the latter was continual. 