 Weather in Townsville. CAPTAIX RHODES' STATISTICS Itn are Indeb'.nd lo Captain Rhodes. Harbormaster, for Interesting* official dftslls at to Town, vlllc weather tor the last 45 years. In the appended table It WIM tut noticed lhat durjnr ih« *' the yesr. There has only been one absolutely dry -May. h dry June*. IS dry Julys and August, 13 dry 8eitem ben, aae dry November and one dry December. Th» tBble of averaj-e falls Aua*ust 0.11 Itiolt Is ill' driest month. Of all the rain ivhlcli has fallen In the last 43 years. 24.61 per cant, or a February, and only 1.13 per cent In Particular? of r-Jnfall at TownFvllle ? Total fall tage Aver- wlcb Month. years, total, fait. mm. Jar.u-try . m.a ~.Jl ll.M — Fabruary .. UI.C7 ua 12.19 — March ? 3Sf» )?-s SCI - April ? 1TUI TS5 S.«9 — May ? «0' IT! 1 J.-i 1 June ? 6I.SC :.7J 1.39 r. July ? 3-Si ???' 0.8! 1? AuKiut .... :;.-] m tei i: Rcptembcr 29U 1.1: O.CC 1! October .... !*t- t.EI lli c Xovembrr 71 6:. 1.2; 1X1 1 December ..:-(-* 11.04 b 45 1 The fall In -S years was £229.43 Inch, and the aversi. A»M. A very Intereatlnff liat, alBD provided by Csrtaln Ithodes is thai appearing bc'oir giving the official Ust of nrea thcr disturbances In Toirnavllle since its;. The Srst recorded iras In 16CT. This waa a very strong gal'. The lat. Fred Hamilton was nailing a sheet or Iron on hi. verandah in Denham-street gust lifted the verandah roof off and after an erratic courae 4he^ roof with Mr Homllion still on top landed on a vacant allotment. In the 1IT0 cyclone Ihe Black Prince went ashore and her re-i-alKi ran still be ma at rrry low tide on the beach north of the Sea View Hotel. In thin blow Captain Major was got up later and the corner (now arltknmin and Richardson's) wan pur chaaru Dy nis menu [or a emeu sum. Captain Major had serious thoughts cf building an hotel where 4b. Queen's Park Hotel now In. In the North Ward. as all the traffic went over Ihe hill, but be finally decided on the Fllndera-slreet In Fllnaera-atreet so cloaely for value. Captain Major subaequently aold th. corntr to air John McDonald (or 06,000. He also acquired the cor ner opposite McKlmtnln'a for a small sum, and his heirs sold It for a tflg price three yesrs afo. The 1890 blow, which la deaerlbed as the centre vu a.1 th-» Pilm Islands, where the leaves were blown off the tree.i. This disturbance lasted from 7 p.m. Sunday till S p.m. Monday, and there wns heavy rain. A butcher's cart driver was drowned In attempting to croaa the dtpreasRm near the Mun dlngburra school, and when Joaeph Vldullcb. a boat builder, whoae work shop waa oppoalte the Uetropole Hotel. South Townsville, was washed out to sea at S pjnu while endaavor Ing to nave Ills property. 11 was thought the last had been aeen of him. Vldu lich. however, waa a splendid swimmer, he went with the flood hair-way lo the Fairway Buoy and undressed hlm .nd landed on th. beach opposite worse for Ills six hour*' battle with wind and wave. Sigma was the first of nur upto from ftaturday until 4 a.m. nn Monday. Mr Wragge had warned the shipping water. The ships, however., dragged their anehora. One lighter was cswl on the beach under the IMlut Station, and tb' llarroo nearly mounted the break but ii was the lrrr:n.- rain which did neitlblllly of e.ett;ns things dry. In I.eonln the b&r&mpf^r ffll morn lent lhan 'Sigma.' Had II laxtcd as lontr a« the Sigma gale did Towmvllle wciili] havo been hulf destroyed. Tli galr commencing Its severity about II a.m. reached Us highest at 1 p.m. and Mn Hie law or overage we are obonl an long a* tmm Ihe illack Prlnc* mate Hist tile 'b:owi' bntwn ihu-e rr deitruc'tlve claraclcr 