 Central Queensland Notes. (For the "N.Q. Rejls'ar.'1! ! BARCALD1NE, January 21. j vye'have been experiencing to a slight degree a taste of traditional January we&thbr, that is, cyclonic systems as, the outcome of sojne M£*eontaa" or { "fidgrnaa." Mr Clement. Wragge, who rave the. pretty South 6ea albllant names to his tig storms in.the north some yeans ago, foretold.a!l the peculiar j weather we would have at the end of 1916 and the beginning of 191?, but little heed was tqkan of hie warnings. . Mr Hunt, our Commonwealth- mettorolO- j gist, has given numerous notes of ware-1 Ing, and gripping especially took notice I of his forecasts: Mr Hunt prepared us | forcfclonlc conditions and many have | been the wild rumors floating roujid the ; district' of remarkable meteorological happenings during the week* Happily nothing- aerlou* has occurred. Oirfiun- , day. night a big storm was experienced i in the Arama&lt;v district, and up to & \ couple of inches of -rain was recorded.: ! Xt. ,p£tyaldma, .raln ^t In at 8 and continued' Tor several hours, the i gauge marking CO point*, or a, toial of I £.04in., 90 -far for Jammt>-4io'l a vjry | big fait as compared with other parts of the dlBlrict. On Thursday a humid* oppressive atmosphere wasj broken by | | a sharp wind which lasted by 'a few ImlnuteB... Last night looked very 1 threatening for rain and the picture, phow habitues took a bly risk, but only j a few "fai dro^n fell. To-day so fori has been clove and thundery, with Light flitting, and AS. I write (4 p.m.) a thunderstorm is brewing. I I Contrary to anticipations, . our rail-1 I way service has been very erratic >dur-; I ins the w*ek. On Wednesday, Monday'* i I Rockharapton mall was brought along! and nothing further was received untiL i Thursday night late.. A tfiall train came] i through at 4.15 ,qn Friday morning, and i I the drivel let people know it, too. The . ! trouble is at the Dawson flats, betwieen, i the,Dawson river and Duarlnga- For I some ralles the -line over this flooded I area ha* been raised from Iptf. to.lrfi.,, ? th* banks on either ^slde being pitched i Willi stone, apd the'work woh finished ; tinder two years ago. There, hod been ! no rain^slnce -ot consequence to con Kolldate the bank, and the conBSquenfit j was that' when there was a sudden I rush of V/ater .the bank sucked It In like J I a sponge and could .not carry the ttaf*-' fir. The bank Would bulge oik.at either side. A small army of men have been employed day and night In . fixing .up.{ , the two miles or so, and everything i was. tafrly secure/for the light tnallj i train, which eafely crossed at a snail-1 I llke^pacK the passengers-the train wis1 | packed-looking for a .soft place to fall . on should a *nl*h&|j-occur. 3>heh ^sazne j i the back waters, which tihttld all' the temporary /repairs, and made the $l£ce of lin« worse than ever It was. > k\ ' passenger who passed oyer. It on Wed*1 I nesday told me that the line was In I I very bjid order indeed-like an elongated | I corkscrew and a switchback. There i I was indeed great.risk while negotiating | the road, and a elgh of relief was j heaved nrhen the train errivedait Dua* rlnga. The Hallway Bepar tment has done wonderful work, but the job will be an expensive onfe. and «om« time] must elapse.ere traffic 1* perfectly re- j stored. The mail train due at lJto p.m.) yesterday afrtved early this morning 1 «cd will leave to-morrow ait the usual hour, and it-is expected the regular ser vice win be maintained right on, but 1 probably a bit late. A train load of sheep jeft on lYiday for Rockhaxnpton, - and it rot through safely. I No wool was despatched during: the j ' week, And owing to the ^condition of1 I the roads "very little stock movement*. Twenty-nine nixed oattie and 10 calves,' j I the property ot Mr JL Richardson, Pat* rick, were despatched to Alpha by rail, Mr G. J. Aldbardsoh In charge. I un derstand Mr B. J. Richirdeoa b*M taken up some country in the Beta I dieLr let; -$700 ewes, fiimerab to Atarunoa Downs, Hears owner, Moore In charge, passed, also fSOO wethers from Kywong to -Baroaldine, where they have been shorn during the week, and are bow en j route to Mirven, Edmund Jowdtt owner, J. MatiDoeald in charge. The , Aramao ranger reports 4000 sheep, [ Tuaburra to fiarcaldlne, and 6906 ewes | to eame destination, Fairbairn %nd Co. owner*. E. MaoDonald in chancel M70 I mixed ^heep from Powell* to Boongoon* doo, C»ark and Tatt aimers. J. Roberta In charge ;edir1i lots to Lee Brtltaln's shearing shed. A special mealing of ih? Aramuc 6hire Council has been held, when a bylaw wan passed Increasing all freights oilier than live Btook, and passenger fares on (he Aram&c tramway. As wages Increase, bo do freights and fares, and In a like ratio the cost of living. So (hat there te no (benefit any way, Mr Clifford** plant has finished up the long drawn out shearing at Hpringv&le, but MlMura won't atari until the wea ther Is taor-e settled. A number of men left this afternoon per motor car for Evesham, where Mr J. BaUinger has the contract. Ere you receive this you will have the reeult of our summer race meeting, j and It is only necessary 10 say here j that prospects at present appear very l bright. There Is ah average of 13 for each race. The track is la tovely con- 3 dition and good apart Is assured. Sev-! eral horse* arrived by roods train lust { night. It appears a farce, though, to have bpCh days gazetted as public holi days. M Unlike other localities, our local auth ority has taken no action In opening a subscription in aid of the sufferers by the Clermont floods,' the only move in the direction of assistant* being by Mr J. Nash, who gave a picture show benefit which realised £14. At Aramac the Shiro Council opened a list with £25, und Councillor A. X. Templeton, of Acacia Downs, gave £25. Donations are flowing' In freely. Perhaps in Barcal- j dine jthe big hospila! effort scooped j the pobl. 1 The Aramac hospital people are happy I again, for the Institution has again a I fair credit balance, thanks to the reccnt I hospital race meeting, which realised j £IC1 8r 4d-a really meritorious effort. ! At* the usual monthly meeting held1 ! last week a hearty vote of thanks was parsed all thoee who helped to mako i the meeting such a success. After I payment of current accounts there re- | ! malned a crodlt balance In the bank of ( £5S4 3«s 3d. j A bright little kiddy, the 2ft-year-old I I son (Charles Thomas) of Mr and Mrs ! I Charles Johnson, of Dartmouth* died , ! Jn the hospital on Monday from dlph- : theria. The little chap was stricken I down'with the tell disease, and local! remedies being unavailing he was I brought into town, but the diphtheria' was too far advanced and Dr Cook j was unabta to do anything, and death, speedily foHowcd. Much sympathy ftas j been expressed for the eorrowing par- j ents. I The annual meeting of parishioner! In connection with St. Peter's Church , 6f England, Barcaldine, was held on Monday, the Wcor, Rev. J. W. A. Mac kenele. presiding over a fair attendance. The report* were rather lengthy, but' Interesting as showing the nro^ress of the church since ilie painter had bren cut from the Bush Brotherhood.' The finances era considered good, but more direct giving was urged and less re liance upon socials, bazaars, concerts, etc., for income. The ddbt on the clear* age ha& been decreased by £10, but | there was still 1830 wanted. The vicar'a report showed that a great ideal of coun try had .been traversed during the year i aqd places visited .In the parish where a clergyman had never before bfrcn seen. In lieu of buggy and horses a car would en&Me much more outside work to be done. The officials far the ensuing year are Clergyman's war den. Mr W. Vale; people's warden, Mr T&lt; C. Gray (who also acts as secretary); parochial council. Messrs J. Allitt, senr.,' C. J. James, T, Smith, y7. D. James, J. II. Fra«wr, J. Sargood, J. Ley land, H. Lun5, W. «C. Sillier, J. H. Camjibell, W. 'G, .T. Uradfcfd, and H. Ashtfurn. It. was decided (Clasue circulars and collecting cards and to w.crk up the financial business generally. The coun« oil approved of (he vicar's suggfcsttoir thnt a Sunday be -devoted to Hospital Sunday. After some considerable deliberation the Barc&Idlne 4?dledonian Association have decided ta abandon "the proposed Easter sPorLs. H being considered-and 4 think rightly BO-that the' men will he all out wording at tjiat tjrae, and without the crowd po ftrianodal succes^ .could, of course, be assured. It 'la pro posed, alt bring well, to liaVe "a big thing" next New Yearns Day. There was unfortunately a loss of £27 In out lay over the Intended sports last New Year's Day, and which had to* be aban doned oji account'of wet weather, ex penses pf Judges and drummers Having to be provided for in addition to the erection of platform at the P.A. and H. Society's grounds, prlntihg and adver tising, etc. It was decided to hold a Burns' Night on Thursday, 26th inst The Daylight Bavins BUI has created a considerable amount of local amuse ment, dissatisfaction and approbation. It has been argued tht the Sill should irtt have been applied to the northern latitude-such a£ Queensland and .the Territory-where the nights are,already long; but, of course, "Hughes'a time/' as It is.called, having been settled by Act of Parliament there is no redress, until March &!, when the eld time will be reverted to. ft is argued/ &lt;00. "that the days are already plenty long enough j out here to get through all the work | that Is needed without starting _lt an I hour earlier than usual. The'majority j of the people In the bush time them | selves by the euh, and at sunrise stretch j themselves and -get up Irrespective a« i to whether the clock says C o'clock 'or 8'o'clock, "but he doesn't go to bed a minute earlier than usual, whether the clook points to 9, 10-or II. The hotel keepers growl at having to Bhut up at 10 o'clock (original time), as ttie-streets | are then full of men, and the picture ehow habitue, cannot, get a drink -when the performance closes, But with car bide at £6 a drum *he saving is worth I having. Business places feffect a sav ing, small It Is true, and at the churobes on Sunday the cervices f/tre Almost completed before it was jtecessary to light two or three lamps. At many private house*, toft; the aaving is COD I siderable. The evening1 snealjs par I taken .of before sundown, and Just when i It is ordinary tim* to light up there's the pictures or some pother kind of en tertainment to go to and upon returning home very IHtl* llfftit is required, as It would be >10.80 or 11 o'filook parlia mentary time. . . Private J. C. Grlbble, who was aotne time ago wounded in France, Is now convalescent and returned &lt;o duty. A cablegram also 'announces -the «afe ar- ' rival in. England ot Private Reynolds ("Ren."), Vale. Both jada bail ffom Barcaldlne. ' The annuat sate of papers and periodi cals in connection with -the JJarcaldlne School of Arts was held on Wednesday evening. There was a fair attendance The sale realised 18 6s fld, which was tl or more better than for Several yarn past . , i .22nd.-'Yeeterday afternoon'#-- storm : passed all round iis and our afiare was I only a few polpts. On the Alice, which I continues to run lightly,1 a party of | fishermen who went out on Saturday 1 raport this morning a big fall of rain, probably half an laoh. We were pot over-burdened with flab this morning, j -v» iha.i the catch was poor. The water : i« too fiJtfti y«f. " j 1 hear Westbourne gels a way on ] next Monday with shearing and scour* j lug. I A considerably quantity of mail mat ter left here on September So, including cakes, clothing, etc., for ;ihe local boy* at the front, and an Sydney would be reached about the 29th, and the Arabic j took mails accumulating between Sep- j tember 28 and October 3, all have been I lost. Mr C. J. . James Sras anxious | about his flnt Christmas remittance for ; smokes for the Queensland boys tut the j front, aent earlier in the month, but he { last mail received acknowledgment from 1 the'Overseas Club in London of the' amount, £30 3Qg Sd- j 