 STOCK STATION DE TJJYGYJ CHAMPION OPFICB, Friday. Wb Bre right in the boom for storm systems, lot March is a most unsettled month, and we can well quote the English couplet, " March showers bring forth April (autumn) flowers. As mentioned in last issue at 3.45 on Friday afternoon we had a deluge for a few minutes, and the glass measured 42 points, and three further points were gauged subsequently. At 4.30 the sun was shining brilliantly over a sea of water, in which were stuck abandoned motor cars. The new drainage system south and south-east of the town was well tested, and came out of it well. Thestorm was merely local; three miles south of the town not a drop fell, but a couple of miles away in the same direction a drover was wet through in five seconds for the rain fell in a solid flbeet. West of ue tlieri! were dry and alternate patches of .w«t and dry; some rain fell at Barcaldine Downs station, but the men lost little more than the Saturdaymorning to noon, when labor ceased. On the previous night there was a big Storm near Ilfracombe, and Christmas Creek got big. The occupants of a car making for town;had to spend the night where they were ; supperless, and not even a nip aboard. At time of writing the weather is beautifully cool ?with a fresh breeze, tainted only by a slight seaside perfume caused by the numerous little frags which gave up the ghost as the flood waters went down. Mo sickness has resulted save a little colic. Summer Hill (J. Ballinger) cut out after tak ing ten weeks to do what should have been accomplished in three. Same of the men went to complete the Evesham shearing with Bara tria to follow. East of us Cavendish bad a long and tedious shearing. Messrs. Urquhart Bros, have finished at Alice, and are tackling Edwinstowe. It rained all day Wednesday, 21stult..at Aramac, and thus caused a sus pension in the treatment of Barcoorah sheep for a couple of days. StockB are coming to hand very freely, and trains, with many specials, almost run up to time. ,Our storekeepers will not be caught napping again. Our white baker, remember ing Clement Wragge's prophecy of some years ago, that great rains could be expected in the earlier months of 1918, wired to Brisbane last week tor information as to the possibilities of further floods, and the . reply be received on Friday afternoon was anything but reassuring. Be had information sent bim possibly founded on the special forecasts of another cyclonic storm approaching our coast south of Bowen ; anyway no Btrange phenomenon has, so far, reached us out here. . Belated goods, some on order as far back as eight weeks coming for ward, and it would indeed lie a pity were the tine to be burst up again. Messrs. Pegler, Macdonald & Co. (Blackall) and Messrs. McPhie & Co. (Toowoouiba), auctioneers in conjunction, have a cattle sale on the books which should attract no little v attention from buyers. Some 500 head will be auctioned in the Show Grounds yards at Blackall on Monday, March 11th, -and these comprise 300 breeders from two to five years, one' brand-ShortboruB, and Sbortborn-Hcre ford cross, in calf to pedigreed bulls. In addition calves and heifers will be offered. The whole booking is described as a first-class lot. Full particulars may be obtained from either of tbe auctioneering firms mentioned. An advertisement may be seen in tbis issue. The Gulgong (New South Wales), " Adver* User" claims it possesses the champion shearer in the person of Mr. Joshua J. Davis, jar., who met the champion of last j>ear and beat him by over 40 sheep. Mr. D&VSB is only a young man, being about 22 years of age, and is of slight build, but he shore no fewer than 240 sheep at Winbar Station, Compadore shed in one day. It was at tbis shed he met tbe Queensland champion, who put through 280 sheep in 1816, but failed to cut more than 200 Winbar-ifred sheep against the Gulgong boy. Water Supply.-The orchardist, grazier and farmer are fast realising the necessity of in stalling pumping equipment to provide ade quate water supplies for irrigation and stock. That this policy is sound is proved by tbe number who bave already made provision againBt dry spells, so as to furnish water to their holdings when they are in most need of it. Do not be lulled into a false security by Nature's present bountiful gifts of copious downfalls; other dry seasons will come, and now is your opportunity to fortify against future possible disasters in the shape oflosses of stock and failure of crops by installing a re- &lt; liable pumpingplant, which will be your future , insurance against loss. We write thiB para graph and publish our advertisement in this paper, because we want you to know tbis, and to profit by our special training and knowledge in tbis Department. We trade as the Inter colonial Boring Co. Ltd.; our address is 418-424 Ann-street, Brisbane. We are pioneers in the Water Supply Department, and are a long way in tbe lead of our competitors as the best dealing with all manner of water problems. Our 25 years' experience enables us to give you ! the best advice, which is always at your dis posal, and to offer you the best equipment I possible for a plentiful and dependable water supply, at a reasonable cost. The following are tbe latest stock move ments 900 sheep from Dunraven to bo trucked to Roebhampton, account of PreBton Bros.; 3835 ewes, Mildura to Garfield, A. Heap owner, J. Fletcher in charge; 4600 sheep, Valley Downs to McLaughlin's scour-for shear ing and return; 1000 cows and calves, H. Logan owner, to Beaufort from Roxborough Downs, Leslie Eillcoat in charge. The following wool scoured at McLaughlin's, was railed away during the weekJaccon dol 56 bales, Dalgi 48, Tbornhill 36, Mafeking 32, Newhaven 28, Qlebbuc 27, Bustbinia 19, Elton 18, J, McK Rhtn., 13, Brookwood 8, Lakeviaw 5; total, 290 bales. TfaeC.P.8.1 Mr. O. B. Buxton, mentions that there are some defaulting stock owners who have not yet lodged stock returns. Owners of any number must submit a return, and those I MOt doing so are liable to a heavy penalty. ; concern in the Commonwealth for 