 DOINGS INiDIFFERENT DISTRICTS PARS FROM ALL PARTS. ! , A Western (paper remarks : Gone are the days wih'en the down trodden shearer had to tramp from run to run in search of a shed. The modern shearer is a much sought after per son, who demands shower baths and cyclone beds, and ; tbinks nothing of knocking out a tenner a week. A party of 42 shearers and shed hands was engaged in Sydney for the Gas coyne shearing. On arrival at Yal goo they found 11 motor cars lined up, and they travelled the last stage of the journey— a matter of 300 miles — in comparative luxury. Next year they hope to go to their sheds by aeroplane. 'Tiny' Carroll, the ex-heavyweight champion boxer- of Victoria, having twice 'taken the count,' is going back to the Front for the tihird - time. He was wounded in Gallipoli in No vember, 1915, and invalided back to Australia. He returned in 1916 to the Front, and was wounded and gassed at Bullecourt, and once again sent back to Australia. While away he also earned tJbe Royal Humane medal for rescuing a drowning comrade by diving from the troopship. Warrant officer Carroll, who was made a pre sentation last week by the women's committee of the - Returned Soldiers and Sailors Imperial League, said it hurt him . to be going to the Front again in company with so many young lads, when there were so many able-bodied older men walking the streets of Melbourne. In conclusion he said, 'There's a man's work- at the Front for a man to do, and it's a job worth doing. Tell the boys that are hanging back that they ought to come; they'll never regret it; they'll be proud of it all their days.' Mr. E. Brett has offered to light the streets of Jerilderie with electri city, providing eight 100-candle power lights, burning till midnight, for £73' per annum. The aldermen have de cided to go into the matter. For having furnished an incorrect income tax return on two occasions, a Richlmond, Melbourne, man was fined £175, with £10 10s costs. A Bairnsdale business man, in celebration of the safe return , of his soldier son from the front, recently paid all his employees double wages for the current fortnight.- . Another Bairnsdale man in taking . back . an employee wilo had 'done his bit,' raised his wages by £1 a week. May their example be emulated far and wide. . Mr. P. McGarry, the member for the Murrumbidgee, has broken with the National- Party, and ' has deter mined to sit on the cross benches as an independent. Interviewed, he said he would support the Government on matters, on which he was pledged during the last election. He would observe his responsibility to the electors of the Murrumbidgee ac cording to the general -understanding upon which he was -elected. He ad ded that most of his dissatisfaction was due to thie objectionable and ne gligent administration of the Govern ment. He. referred particularly to such undertakings as Yanco and the management of the Wheat Pool; An other matter that agitated him was the occasional leaning of the Govern ment to sectional interests. Such objectionable legislation as the Sedi tion Bill had hurried him.- to- a de cision. Those of us who have ? forgotten that the Riverina is subject to drou ghts are reminded of Wragge's fore casts. That weather man, who is at present in New Zealand, writes: 'A report is going thle rounds of the Aus tralian press that ? I forecasted seven years of drought. Pray, let me em phatically contradict this perversion of my actual seasonable forecasts, Following, as concisely as possible, is what I actually did say: 1901-2 bad, 'so 'called drought; 1903, improv ing;.1904 to 1909, good seasons; 1910 11, falling off; 1912-13-14, bad sea sons, but intervening rain notwith standing; 1915, improving; 1916 to 1920, good seasons; 1921-22, falling, off; 1923-24, bad drought; 1925-26, improv ing; 1927 to 1930, good seasons. These will be modified by latitiude and physical geography.'. Extensive improvements are being made at the Narandera Shiow ground. It is- estimated that the voluntary work done* including the donation of materials; is- in- the vicinity of £300.. , The Wagga 'Advertiser,' in a lead ing article condemning many of the 'show parasites,' who plied their calling at the Wagga Show last week, gives thie Narandera Repatriation Committee a pat on the back for its sta.nd in prohibiting side-shows at the forthcoming patriotic show other than those run in aid of the Repatria tion Fund. After referring to the trickery of some of these shows, the paper, Says: 'The able-bodied loafers who plied their 'callings' along the avenues of entrance and egress were an effront to the girls and women, who, at great sacrifice of time, work ed in reality .for the men who are fighting to keep whole skins on these masqueraders. It is refreshing to note that at Narandera, where the Show is being held for patriotic pur poses, the committee has decided that there shall be no side-shows. The evident intention is that the public's spare cash, as far as it is laid, out, shall be- devoted to the cause which the exhibition aims to benefit. ? The decision is logical.' The Narandera decision might well be adopted, in other centres. 