 SUN AND WEATHER. ^ | i . . ^ , MB. WBAOCtE'B rOEEOABTS. ^ I4 ? seismic Acxmry m mo. £ , . i ? ? '* - ? -m , . ^ ^ ^ MThe present maximum of tlie fiun,'* said Mr. Olemcnt Wrflgge in an inter* ticw with nn 'Auckland Weekly News' reporter on January 7, 'in prob. ably tlio most abnormal on. record. Ten days ago 17 disturbances, popularly call* ed Run spots, were observed in the solar photosphere, tlie largest being- about. 45,000 tmiles in diamotor. Bab upheav als even greater, to 300,000 ? miles in diameter, liave been obseri'ed during tbis remarkalble period- of solar -upheav- al. Prom iheBe titanic cyclones in the sun, ether or wrolesa waves of varying wave lengths are always emanating, and under them tlie earth and our fel low planets sing, vibrate, and bum like the singing of a telegraph wire, but inasmuch as all our senses on. tbe physical plane are limited, our orgaus of hearing ore not sufficiently acute to respond to them. In order to under stand this theory it must be borne in mind that the whole endless universe irom sun iv sun, jmiiicb m piiuici;, sys* tern to system, is governed by wireless waves. Our Bun is operated in its turn by the ether waves emanating from our next nearest sun, which is Alpha Cen* tauri, the brightest of the , two pointers to the Southern Cross, and so it goes on through the interstellar or inter-solar spaces. Factors In Climatic Changes. 14 The forecasts of the seasons are based on three main factors, first tbe physical condition of the 6un with re« gpect to its maximum and minimum moods; secondly, the astronomical po- giticms of the moon and periodical swing of lunar declination; thirdly, the. perturbations or wireless waveB that are for ever working throughout our solar system, linking up the earth with our fellow planetB. That this working hypothesis with respect to seasonal wea ther forecasting is a sound one there is no doubt whatever, but a source of error lies in the fact that we do not- yet thoroughly understand the nature of the emanations from Alpha Centauri, which affect our sun. It is a remarkable faet that there is a connection so intimate between, the weather — if we may use such a term — of the sun and the weather of earth, as if the two frodicsr, through 93 milliona of miles, were actually link ed Hp by a telegraph wire. So they are in very fact, but -by wireless, as X have already stated. Xn tbe northern hemisphere of the sun winds of terrific velocity sweep around in appalling and fiery cyclones in the opposite direction to the hands of a clock, and in tbeaou* thern hemisphere of the sun, in the same lirection of clock hands, and the very same circulation takes place around our globe in the northern and southern hemispheres respectively Forecast of Stormy Season. : 4 'Arguing from these standpoints, and ?eeing that actions and reactions per* fade the Cosmos, there is every reason to believe that the approaching hnrri* I cane season over tbe Pacific, Islands off j the coast of Queensland and New South , Wales, and the north-west coast of West | Australia, also around Mauritius and the South Indian Ocean, will bo very pronounced, and, as such disturbances are e^peeled to pass further south than usual, it is reasonable, to suppose that the Auckland Province, and especially North Auckland, will be in a measure sJfeftted by tlie southern sides or edges of the Pacific storms, which should re sult in heavy winds from between eastf north-east, north, and north-west, with accompanying periodical heavy rains. The present absence of rainfall is main ly due to the condition of wli3t may be termed the static equilibrium attaching to the summer solstice, and as the sun's southern declination decreases towards the equator the state of affairs just mentioned may be expected the more to develop. But' it must ever be borne in mind that, with regard to forecasts of the seasons, we dare *ot speak ei cathedra, that we only claim, and eqnif ably so, a high percentage of accuracy, knowing that our hypothetical formula is a sound one, aud absolute accuracy is never expected, remembering the qualii fying influences from Alpha Centauri. Sunstorms and Earthquakes. 'In regard to earthquakes,' coatin* ued Mr. Wraggc, 'there is no doubt the sun's influence is tbe prime factor —I do not say the only one — in causing earthquakes and volcanic eruptions.; The recent Wairarapa earthquake fol* lowed a mighty Bolar upheaval exceed ing 300,000 miles from edge to edge.; The Guatemala earthquake was contem* poraneous with the enormous solar en *'gy already mentioned, together with the eruption of Mount Vesuvius. I am not forecasting future earthquakes, and' X am not sounding the- alarmist note, but I do emphatically say that in con sequence of tbe change of wireless wave lengths from tj»e sun— like altering the gear of a motor car — which are bound to operate after 1920, conditions will become more favorable for seismic and volcanic action in all those parts of the southern hemisphere where the surface of the earth is weak. It is just possible i — I do not say probable — that} some of , the Alleged extinct volcanoes may- be* gin to manifest some slight signs of activity, My advice when that period arrives io those people who live sa earthquake areas is not to sleep too near chimneys, . which are liable to tumble, down. It is possible that seismic action may become evident in the neigh' .borhood of Cook Straits and Canterbury Pialhe, but remember,1' he concluded* 'I am. ot pounding the alarmist note.] The tone-that I -uae ie embodied in tho word 'caption. 9 ' : i . . '?* 'ii & 