 INTERESTING RENT CLAIM. 9 Cyclone Damaged Cottage. An interesting case affecting thc liability of a person who occupies a house which was damaged by the cyclone was heard before Mr. W. G. Ashton, Acting P.M., at the Small Debts Court, when E. H. Petersen sued Wm. Bradbury for £12/12/, al- leged to bc due for rent of a cottage in Byron Street, says the "Mackay Mercury." Edward Herman Petersen stated: I am a clerk and own a cottage in Byron ..Street. . In September, 1917, defendant came to me and asked me if I had a house to let. I told him I would have one in about five cr six weeks' time. He said that would do, and inquired what thc rent would be. I replied 14/ per week. He said that would suit, and later on got the keys from rae. On January 21 st of this year a cyclone occurred, and after-it abated, on the following Saturday (January 26) I went to have a look at the house. Defendant was not there. On the Sunday he came to my father's house and said, "You have all bad hard luck." I replied, "Yes." He said, "But your house did not shape too bad; there was not a leak at all right through the cyclone." He asked me when I could have re- pairs made, and I told him as soon as possible. It was very difficult to get carpenters and laborers at that time. I did not see defendant again for about a month, when he again called upon me, and asked when I was going toget the house fixed up. I told him I liad approached differ- ent contractors but they could not undertake to do the work as they had too much to do at - present. . I eventually had the place repaired at a cost of £22. Defendant returned to the house on February 2nd. On that day he called me into the house and said, "You are a nice sort of chap not cleaning the house out." I told him I thought it was his duty to do that, as he was renting the place. He said he was leaving the house the next day on account of the smell about thc place. I replied that all houses had a smell about them at that time. He left the house on February 3 and did not return until April 13. Between February 2 and. April 13 he frequently went to the house and used the stove. His fur- niture was still in the house. Be- fore I issued a summons for the re- covery of rent, I offered to submit the matter to arbitration, but defen- dant declined and advised me to take further action. Since the cyclone I have had other people wanting to rent the house. Cross-examined : I am not the owner of the land on which the house was situated. It is owned by the Town Council. It is_ a reserve. I understand the Council will not sell it but they lease it. My father leases it from the Council at £2 per an- num for ten years, and I lease it from him. Mr. Bradbury left the house thc day after the cyclone. The house was partly damaged by the storm; it was partly off the blocks. The blocks are 2ft. oin. out of the ground and one portion of the house was resting on thc ground and the other on the stumps. The fire recess was blown away and the stove de-" posted in thc yard. It was put back into position a couple of days later. The bathroom was washed away from the main building and an outhouse deposited under the bedroom window. It was possible to sleep in the house. I consider that had I not been able to have the place repaired for twelve months the tenant should have paid me rent seeing the place was fit to live in; I .consider I would'be get -ting';fdir treatment if a landlord treat- ed me'in the same way as I am treat- ing the'defendant. Bradbury did not, say to me, "The house is not fit to live in; I cannot bring my wife here; and I will not live in it." I did not say. "It is not fit for a woman to live in." nor did 1 tell him that my wife would not live in ber house. I left my own house and have not bce.n back to it since. I am renting it. It was re- paired before defendant's house, and I did not live in it up to the time it was repaired. I told Bradbury I had a good offer for the house, but did not say I had been offered £345 for it. Portion of defendant's furniture was washed away. Bradbury told mc the water rose 3ft. in the house. I know that Bradbury used the stove after the cyclone because I saw him doing so through the window. Bradbury of- fered me the rent for a fortnight prior to the cyclone and from April 13, but I declined to take the money. Robert Bradbury stated : I know plaintiff's house in Byron Street oc- cupied by the defendant. I saw the cottage shortly after the cyclone,, and was prepared to rent it. I considered it fit to live in. Cross-examined : I have not been in thc house since the cyclone, but from what I could see from the foot- path I was prepared to pay 14/ per ' week for the house even in the condi- tion it was in at thc time. The house would haye satisfied my requirements as it then stood. John O'Sullivan, carpenter, stated : I know plaintiff's cottage in Byron Street. A month after the cyclone I asked Petersen if he had the cottage formerly occupied by Bradbury to let. I was prepared to pay anything up to £1 per week for the house. Cross-examined : I did not know what condition the house was in, but I knew it had a roof on. I could have afforded to pay £1 per week for a house for four or five weeks until I got a place to live in. This closed the casev for the plain- tiff. Wm. Alfred Bradbury stated : I am a returned soldier from France and hold a clean .discharge. I made I ï^èin^ed^n'e^^ 1917, to January 21, and paid rent up to January 9th. During the cyclone flood water came" through thc house to a depth of 41't. 6in., and the place was washed off the blocks by thc tidal wave. Thc back door was burst open, the petitions of the house were car- ried back at least seven inches, two doors were wrenched oft, and fire place was carried away, and an out- house-was removed. Thc building was shifted from 20 to 24ft., one side on the ground, thc other resting on the blocks. The bathroom was car- ried over the fence to an adjacent.al- lotment to the side of Mr. Petersen's house. None of the doors in the house would close, and seven win- dows were damaged. Thc stove was out in the yard in a damaged condi- tion, the water pipes were disconnect- ed, the steps to the house were un- safe, the floors were warped and in thc bedroom the floor was cracked by one of the posts. I lost a good deal oí ny furniture. I left the house about midday on January 21 and got shelter at the Post Office for fourteen days The house was not habitable. On thc Thursday after the cyclone I saw Petersen, who promised, in the pres- ence of Mr. Smith, to have my house repaired the first dry week. About a fortnight later Petersen said he would cet the house "up ns soon as he co-J.d. I said I am shifting my things, whai little blt is left is.hardly worth shift- ing, and it is no!use hustling round looking-for a carter as the Council has them employed. Plaintiff agreed. After leaving the Post Office I took my wife back to the house. I strap-" ped the bed to the floor of the dining' room. Thc next morning I told Peter- sen I could not live there and he said, "Why not go over to* my'house; it is level on the ground ?" I said, "Are i not you going to live in it ?" He re- plied that his wife would not listen to j going back there. I said I would hot rent a house in that condition and was shifting down to Mrs. Wragge's place. 1 went and stayed there un- til April 13, and during that interval shared the rënt-with them. I went back to Petersen's house on April 13, ¡ind the carpenters were working there for three days after that. The place is not properly repaired yet. I replaced the stove about four days after I returned to the house. It was on the verandah. I did not use the stove after the cyclone until we re- turned to the house on April 13. On the following Wednesday I tendered Petersen the rents for the time I was occupying the house. He said "What about the fourteen weeks you . were out of it ?" I said, "You don't ex- pect me to pay for that, do you?" He said, "You don't expect me to' stand all the loss of the cyclone?". I said, "I understand it was distribut- ed fairly well; no one has offered to share mine." He said he would make me pay thc rent, and I said, "It is a fair dispute, I will test it" Eventual- ly I got a summons for the rent., Prior to this Petersen suggested get- ting four or five disinterested persons to arbitrate, but I declined to agree to this course. Cross-examined : I gave notice ter- ' minatin'gmy tenancy on January 23 or 24. It was a verbal, notice. Dur- ing the fourteen weeks Ï claim I have not to' pay rent I visited the house two or three times a week to feed my cats. The furniture in the house was mine. I do not suggest anybody else had a tendency of the place, besides myself. There was no new tenancy created between Petersen and my- self only when I returned to' the house. When I left the house I in- tended returning to it when it was re- paired. . Re-examined : I allowed my fur- niture to remain in the house because Petersen agreed to it. Had I known I would have had to pay rent I would have moved everything. Tilomas Brand stated : I inspected Petersen's house in Byron Street on January 28; It was not in a good con- dition for a tenant. I went for the purpose .of inspecting what was left of the furniture, which was purchased for Bradbury by the War Council. There was practically nothing left in the house ; it was not habitable. , Robert Harris Smith, a lineman employed by the Telegraph Depart- ment, also gave evidence in respect to a conversation which took place be- tween Bradbury and the plaintiff." This concluded the evidence. A verdict was given for plaintiff for amount paid into court, ¿4/18/, but costs amounting to ¿1/18/, were "or- dered to be paid by plaintiff. 