 COUNTRY DISTRICTS BABINDA NOTES. (For the 'Post' and 'Herald.') _ If Clement Wragge was a resident of this area at the. present time, and was asked to -expresse an opinion on the weather, no doubt the verdict would be very, peculiar, owing - to tropical disturbances. The mornings are hazy arid foggy, and then when old Sol takes sway, the heat is al- ' most unbearable — -hot, humid, stifling heat, with scarcely a breath of na ture's pure, fresh air — thbse condi tions last until about mid-day, and, then comes another change. Far away to the north the dark and threatening- clouds begin to gather, and, the continual rumbling of thun der and vivid flashes of lightning pre dict that we are in for a good old thunderstorm, but so far, as the nig ger would say, it's only gammon. Certainly we haye had a few smart showdrs, and on the nth we had a young cyclone; but it was that light and of such short duration that it is scarcely worth recording. However, there is no occasion for any person to predict a drought for this area, for no doubt it is only a matter of time when, tbe usual bountiful downpour will come in earnest, and our present con ditions clearly loreteu tne coming ot heavy rain. There is and always has been a peculiarity that exists in those sugar areas, and that is the number of strong and apparently healthy-looking men who will make your acquaintance quick and lively. Their trouble is al ways a shortage of cash, and they have no hesitation in asking for a bit of yours, just enough to tide them over their difficulties, and once more allow them to enjoy the good old pot of beer. This privilege, I am sorry to say, is hall-marked, and held exclu sively by the Britisher, for on no oc casion have I known the foreigner or colored gentleman to take on this bailing-up game. All sugar areas can boast of this unmanly piece of busi ness, and Babinda is no exception to the role. Mooliba way the same old condi tions are still in existence, and the battle against weeds and pests is a heartbreaking ordeal, and means for the producer a lot ot worry, hard toil and an early grave. On Buckland's road it is much about the same, and after an inspection I only saw one holding that could be classed as a farm, and was fairly free from weeds; bot this part is not alone in its efforts to go straight while crooked legisla tion wills it otherwise. From the South Johnstone and the Burdekin I have received letters that tell the same old tale — toil all day and worry ail night, and no prospect of any ease or pleasure in the future that has to come. It is glorious for the producer to be always staring at a sea of dif ficulties and carrying a mountainons load of anxiety and worry. Babinda mill has stopped chewing cane for this season, but some of the machinery has to be kept in motion during the dark and lonely hours of the night, for the State Hotel must have light There are some who are not in the know, but would anxiously like to know, if this bit of expense is going to be added on to the accumulated load that the producers are carrying, or will the beer-suckers have to' bear some of the burden. I was always under the impression that we had a sort of 'fix your prices affair.' Per haps I was dreaming; but I know that I get a shock from stern reality when I go for the daily allowance of bul lock — one shilling per pound, please. Just fancjVone shilling per ponnd for scrag in civilisation. It is simply a case of fix your prices right enough. During the *week Babinda has been well supplied with amusement; and the picture hall has been kept going at high pressure. The Archer Com pany had a :crowded house, and it is really wonderful where all the spare cash comes from in this part I notice where Dr. Rcowles is go ing to make a bid for the Shire Coun cil- It is to be hoped when lie wins the position he will invent some usefal method for extracting the load of sorrow that the shire employees are carrying in their boots. For the few .months ahead there are bound to be washaways and holes on the various roads that will require to be promptly repaired It is really marvellous the number of men who come lookiusr for work and then won't take it on si the work happens to l-e close to a hash-house. You might get some to put in a week or two; Inn if it means erecting your own camp, it generally ends in % case of nothing doing. The old-timer, who loved to be tree and independent, and enjoy the liberty of his own camp, has vanished and became a dream of the past. The members of the School of Arts held a meeting on Friday, the nth. In sugar areas institutions of this sort generally have a -difficulty in being successful, as the sugar workers are mostly unsettled for a part cf the year, that is, during the slack season. An other tiring, as. a rule they don't in dulge in good clean reading matter — a Buffalo BUI or some German in spired -rag satisfies their wants. How ever, the Babinda subesribers are to be congratulated on- their present po sition. The number of subscribers is only 42, which speaks for itself in a thickly populated part, and where so many are enjoying constant employ ment. At tbe present time there is a credit balance of £34/14/-, with the Government subsidy to be added, and the library has been enlarged by the addition of a fair number of new works. Among the names on the committee I noticed Osborne^ Carter, Johnstone and others. Where the name of Os borne appears, subscribers can rest as sured that they will get a square deal Mr. McLean is secretary for the in s citation. The Babinda farmers also held their meeting on the 13th (lucky number). Naturally, it is the same old state of affairs — some are contented, and with others you can add the 'dis ' It hap pened when Sam Griffith held - the reins, and was giving us a dose bf what he called 'Democracy.' Billy littlt introduced an ' affair that he called the Central Mill system. On paper it looked all right, and the skite of members assured us that it would raise the poor and honest landowner to a state of affluence and prosperity. Experience has taught us to cry false hopes, and also to add, 'never put your faith in a jawbone breaker. Our local . auctioneer held a stock sale on Saturday. The Babinda dis trict is a picnic ground for stock at the present time. There is grass in abundance, and instead of it being a blessing it is quite the reverse. There are many who bathe with impunity in Babinda Creek. The old hands generally make use of the shal low water, as they do not care about risking a battle royal with the nimble, saurian. I noticed a nice specimen the other day that an abo. had cap tured in the creek. Perhaps this may have the desired effect of making the numerous youngsters look before they leap, and it is the duty of the parents to caution them from bathing in the »deep holes. The Red Cross workers of Babinda have been a credit to the district in the past and by their efforts a fair amount of cash has been gathered for the heros who are at the front As i have not seen a . report appear in the 'Post' for some time, it is to be hoped that the Society will still for ward their usual report for the bene fit of the general public. 