 A. ES; _:''i 1857 TUESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1918. Mr J. A. Coghlan, fireman, of Ara rat, last week enlisted in Melbourne for active. service.. The Town Clerk has received notice to the effect that Wednesday, 6th Feb ruary; has been gazetted a public holt day at Ararat in connection with the races.. "Doc" Oates, son of Mrs Phillips, of the George Hotel, was in Ararat on final leaveat 'the. weekE end. He re turned to Melbourne yesterday after noiss. Ciesiea;Ryan, of Araiat, daugh ter. of "Mr M. Ryan; is: at present, en gaged on a- painting of Our Lady, which is to. be presented to St. Pat rick's Roman Catholic Church, Nhill. There was a duplication of the after boon- train. from -Melbourne to Ararat yesterday, and also from Ararat to Melbourne.' By the second train from Melbourne there were very few passen gers, but both . trains for Melbourne carried a large number of passengers. Following a prolonged spell of sea sonably hot weather a- cool 'change was experienced on Sunday last, and though no rain fell-the- temperature lowered rapidly,- the conditions' at night being almost wintry. : The change, it is need less to. say, was appreciated by all. On Saturday last Messrs H. Dodd and Son submitted to anction: the ?pub lican's booth in connection with. the Ararat races, to be held on Wednes .day, 6th. February. There were -two competitors, and the privilege was knocked down to Mr A.: M'Donald, of the Terminus Hotel, for £20. - - . It is announced by advertisement- in this issue that the anti-consciiptionists of Ararat are holding a monster- picnic next Sunday at Mount Mistake. ; Al ready a large number of tickets have been disposed of, and there is every reason to believe that there will be' a large attendance. - .A party of anglers swho paid a visit to Lake Bolac yesterday enjoyed a spirited day's sport... Four fishermen laided no- less than 140 'fine -fish the catch including 40 perch, some weigh ing from- 2k to 3 lbs. each, 20 tench and 80 eels. At Crowlands Mr W. Timmins caught two fine Murray. cod, one weighing 23 lbs.-and the other 5 lbs. Miss O. Bristow, daughter of the late Mr G. B. N. Bristow and Mrs Bristow, of Pomonal, is receiving the congratulations of her many friends on her engagement to Mr Lawrence Welch, who was for some time engineer of the State Rivers and Water Supply Commission in connec- tion with the Black Swamp scheme. The fortnightly meeting of the Ara rat Borough Council will be held at the Council Chambers, Town Hall, to morrow evening, at. seven .o'clock. There will be someno important business to transact at the meeting. Mr Smith, engineer in connection with the Ara rat water supply scheme, will submit a report, and the notice of motion by Cr Irwin, seeking power to raise the rates charged for electric light cur rent, will come on for consideration. Yesterday leing Foundation Day it .was observed as a close'holiday by the business people of the town, and the .Government and banking institutions. The only attraction was the holding of ,an excursion to Mount William, or ganised by the Moyston branch of the A.N.A., assisted by the Aarrat branch and other organisations. A fair.num. bher of people from Ararat. journeyed Put to the mount, joining there-large numbers of people from Moyston -and other places. The .weather was-:fine, and somewhat- dusty at Ararat. There Swere no attractions in .Ararat proper, and throughout the whole 'day the town wore a very quiot appearance. Although an appreciation in values of cereals has been almosf general last. week, the tendency. is'foi still-higher prices. At a. meeting of the Borung council reference was made to the rapidity with which rabbits were . increasing throughout the shire.---It was stated that the pest . is .worse at, present than it had been for many: years. The first of the fourteen' wooden vessels which are being constructed in America to the order- of the -Common vealth Governmeiit .willit is announe ed, be launched, in all probability, at the end, of next week. At Port Hedland, Western Australia, on Thursday last, after a shade -tem perature of 120 degrees, the most:.vio lent ''wily willy". yet experienced struck the. town, and damaged a num ber of sheds, outhouses and boats. . All trading vehicles using roads tak en over by the Country Roads Board are required to have the tare painted on the sides. The board is now con templating the enforcement of the. law, but has. decidei to first give traders a warning Circulars to thiseffect are being forwarded to the variois as sociations. ' SSome damage?uas eauised by a bush fire whichbroke'out on theCaralioe'e road, about four ;?iiles from St.: 'r naud.' Between 200 and 100 acies ?of grsss were. '"e.troyed ,as we;ll- ,as'a quantity of fencing, the sufferers being Messrs M'Kenny, Perry, Wright, and Lynch. "The fire: erossed the railway line a couploe hbf': times iind 'about half a mile of the departmient's fencing was burnt. SThie decrees of tho Roman Catholic Church concerning the sacrament of matrimony have been read and ex plained at all the Masses at St. Patriek's Cathedral, Melbourne, and ,other Roman Catholic Churches throughout Melbourne. Mixed mar riages are discouraged in every way by the church, and the preachers, in eulphasising this, stated that the ma. jority of those who had contracted mixed marriages led unhappy lives. Investigations made by the Common weaolth Statistician (Mr Knibbs) show that -the rprices of groceries during Do comber were lower in all States com. pared with the previous month, due to the reduction in the price of potatoes. The prices of meat were slightly low. er in Noew South Wales and Victoria, while there was an increase in the ag. .gregate cost of dairy produce -in all States through an advance in the -price of eggs. A petition signed by returned sol. diers was recently presented tu his XExcelleney the Govereorx, 8 Airuri Atanley, praying t hat the" ntna of death passed on Albert.Edward.Budd for the murder of his sister-in-law be commuted to .ipprisonment, upon the ground that. Budd hadserved the coun try at the Pr6nt. A special meeting of the State. Cabinet .was held on Sat-. ourday to eonsider the matter, when it wee decided to recommend hi~ .cseel lency not to accede to the. request. of the petition. The execution of Budd will therefore take place this morning. After three years residence in the Northern .Territory,. and after -having travelled overland in. midsummer-from Darwin to Melbourne, Mr Justie' Be van, of the Northern Territory,'bears no outward trace of either the alleged injurious effects of the climate of the Northern Territory, or of his arduous journey. "I found that the climate agreed with me very well," he said on Friday ."I think that if a man lives wisely, and takes plenty of exer cise, there is no reason why heoshould not keep in perfectly good health in that part of the country." The following resolution was adopt ed at the half yearly meeting of the Independent Order of Rechabites on the motion of Mr Rouget, J.P.:---That representations be made to the Prime Minister urging him to withdraw the promise made to find shipping space for wine, in view of the urgent need there is to send all food we can to help the Allies in their time of scar city." Condemnation was also express ed of the action-of the State Premier in cabling to the Agent-General asking for provision for the shipment of wine to England. The resolution was un anirmously carried. It-is expected that within the next four weeks drilling for petroleum will commence on the Glenleigh Estate, about three miles from Penrith, N.S.W. Operations will be conducted on be half of the Industrial. Boring Company of New South Wales. Mr 'Guy Ah drews, the petroleum expert in',charge, has thoroughly examined the' Penrith district, and says that the possibilities of- flowing wells of oil are so. great that they have. upset, all fheories. of. the Government geologists. He is of the - opinion .that, great quantities of p?itroletim gas exist near 'the Nepean River. Surface oil, .ho`-saye,- he- dis covered there in' many places. " The liresent will be theb first attempt, to sink a.. deep oil well' in Australia. - .According to latest accounts, Mr Cle ment :Wragge, also known .at:times as' "'Incleinent'-: :Wragge; is conducting a. Tropieal Gardens' and Institute as, a holiday. resort,. at Birkenhead, oNewi Zealand:. Some years ago Mr Wragge was well known all over Australia -.as a :weather forecaster whose weatherpre dictions give.rise; to;nuch amusement. not necessarily becaiuse' :they,, were wrong, but ::ifor the reason- that they were: invariably placed before thg- pijba lie in a striking, and,ofteni entertaining manner.; Whatever..; his meritg,as' a meteorologist, Wragg? was an excellent showminan.., Such terms as " 'moni soon," "cyclone,' ,"'depression," and "disturbance": had' no: attractions for him. He preferred to call the cyclone, 'fR"Hughes;'.' the depressiopn "Irvine'.;. 'or the -disturba:inee ".Mannix '; or whatever names were prominent in the political world at the time. .Thei the public would . get a ;pronounecment something like this:-'Prepare for the worst--'Mannix'--- or it might have been, 'Barton'--is coming. Drought stares the farmer in the faee.Con serve your sip.plies of water immfdiat ely, for there are days of trial ahead."; If the ,drought . came, Wragge ;would adopt the attitude of.'"I told you so." If-. it ;did not,:, Wragge lapsell into obscurity. Only ".temporarily, how ever, for like the politicians, .Wragge invariably "came back' .at.-the first opportunity.. It is said-that the.gar dens at Birlienhead suggest a gcrner of the South Sea Islands, aind that-visi tors find much. entertainments l.uhis description of the constellationc. : . 