 e PEACE, AND THE MAN. Senator Ferricks and His Mission. What Burns meant when he wrote— "What's done we partly may compete, But know not what's resisted"— he himself knew. However, Senator Miles Aloysius Perricks would probably take it unto his heart as a piece of philosophy worthy of consideration. He himself views life, so far as his views on life mav be ascertained, as being more or' less a series of things which have been done, and of which the computation is difficult ; while, 011 the other hand, he certainly does not pretend to know what has resisted. To those who regard him from afar, it certainly appears that he spends his life seeking to find out what has resisted, and waging war against it. In many instances his lance appears to have been put in lest, and his charger spurred to a gallop against a flock of sheep or a windmill ; but the charge has never lacked in valour, nor the attack in energy. The trouble has 'been that, somehow or other, when he arrived there the object of the attack has always been the wrong one. That, however, has not been the fault of Senator Ferricks. He lias done the right thing, according to his lights, but that which he has been up against has been too much for him—be it vested interests, the wrong doings of a Premier, a mere abstract principle, or a deep-rooted conviction. Years Ago, Years ago, when he first entered politics, someone likened Senator Ferricks to St. Peter. 'Twas said that, even as St. Peter, the im petuous, had not hesitated to jump down into the grave on the morning of the resurrection, rather than stand upon th.2 brink and call aloud, so also did Senator Ferricks rush in where others, conceivably might have feared to tread. It was on such an occasion that he tau'ght the then Premier of Queensland, "Wullie" Kidston, as they used to call him, the meaning of ."wild-cat" and some viining soandals. That there was the father of a row about it all mattered not 0 bit to the future Senator. He said what he had to say, believ ing it was right, and took the ensuing month's expulsion from -the State Parliament, which followed, as if it were the gruel which he had every right to expect. A Missionary Spirit. Although he may suspect it, or he :nay rot, it is probably a kind of missionary spirit which makes Senator FerricVs indulge in these out bursts of righteous flagellation. He believes in preaching to those who are vet outside the pale ; if he goes beyond what ordinarily is conceived to be the limits of missioning, it is due to a Puck-like spirit which leads hiin to tease, almost beyond endurance, those whom I1.? would im'pale. Behind his rather slow, measured language—a language which he can use and pour forth like a mountain torrent swollen with the snow streams—lies a nasty, biting sarcasm, and for those who, will not be converted—for those who will not join with him in sweet reasoning—he reserves it. Looks Like It. And Senator Ferricks looks like a man who might be consumed with missionary zeal. His face is pale, his hair very black—although now becoming tinged with grey—and from afar his eyes look as if ;tliey would pierce to the very soul of the man who. opposes him or his views. Perhaps, on a close view, his ears u:.e rather prominent ; but his face is square, and rather intellectual, and there seems to be enough in his fa,ce to interest without looking at the ears. Probably, if he were questioned concern ihg his mission, Senator Ferricks would be the last to admit that he regarded what he does ap anything connected with a mission of any sort. Nevertheless, it might very well have l-c.m his prototype who journeyed into Batoyloh and denounced Thais, though ■ doubtless Miles Aloysius would not have been so undiplomatic abo,ut it. eoeooeoo Suffering From It. -Just now Senator Ferricks is suffering from his missionary zeal- Ever since he was elected as a member of the Senate as one of the Queensland six—and that was in 1913—he has put his heart and soul into the work which he conceives to be his. Consequently, at the present time, he is a mass of nerves. A, man who had more pretensions would proclaim that he was suffering badly from neuritis, and take six months' leave of absence. Senator Ferricks, however, just thinks he is out of form from doing too much, and relies on doing a bit more in order to bring himself back to the normal again. However, to preach or Sundays as to the need for the release from prison of Mrs. Walsh (nee Adda Pankhurst), attend Parliament every day af the^week, and watch every debate closely, to attend to the wants of the hundred and one people who- may come along—for after all Queensland is rather a big place—and fight campaign after campaign with all the vigour ind energy that can he .got together, is not the sort af thing which ^vo'uld incline the ordinary man to a state of anything save nerves. And, in that connection, it ought to be stated that Senator Ferricks has. fought every campaign— whether for . his part.v or for a principle which he thinks is ri^ht—'which has come within his vision. The recent Referendum campaign found him doing all within his power to defeat it, while the last Federal elections gave him more to do than any otter two men of his party— perhaps because he believed that within him lay the power to do twice the ordinary amount of work. During the "first Conscription Referen dum campaign he was just as active, and, probably because of the line of argument which he adopted on all these occasions, he has been duhbed by many to be an extremist, a visionary, a dreamer. - Peace Notions. Whether those who so judge him are right or wrong is hard to say ; 'but, at a time like the present, when the Empire is waging war, and there is no room for any save those who would wage war with her, there may be some justifi cation fo,r hasty judgments when n man moves a motion such "as this "That, in the opinion of the' Senate, in the fourth year of the war,, tlie time has arrived for the British Government to ascer tain ar,4 make known the peace basis 011 which the Allies would be prepared to negotiate with the view of ending the war." On the face of it, such a motion is pro Germ'an, anti-British and various other uncom plimentary things ; but wheai Senator Ferricks explains his ideas on the subject, it is obvious that all the nasty things which have been said of him—and there have been quite a few sines the commencement of the war—are, perhaps, rather harsh. He may hold ideas .contrary to the ideas hold by the majority of the people— and this, by-the-way, is 110 attempted justifica tion of his ideas, but a mere endeavour to set forth the point of view of Senator Ferricks as he is known to .Mr. 'Punch—but the fact remains that he holds them, and believes that, such being the case, he has every right to set them forth for the edification of others who, accord ing to his way of thinking, are not so enlight ened. For instance, he "believes that war is ' a hellish institution"; lie-is not a peaco-at-f-.ny price man, but he would accept the pi ice of peace as laid dawn by the workers of the coun try fighting, and lie would not accspt the rulings nor the dictates of the diplomats "on top." If he had his way hi would put those who caused the war in the front line, and let them do the fighting, and then, according to his views, there would be very few wars. It is in the same way that Senator Ferricks argues against conscription, and strives to justify his opposition to the proposals which have been made in that connection. I-Ie says that he is afraid of the inroads of militarism into Aus tralia, and fails absolutely to see t.'ic use of defeating Prussianism in Europe if it is to be introduced into Australia—far that is what Senator Ferricks believes conscription would mean to this country. And, on top of all this, lib' earnestly believes that tlie; Defence Depart ment has 'been very badly administered, and that half of the trouble there has been in Aus tralia in connection with recent military mat ters is due to that cause. OPJ00808 What's In It? There may or may not be something in these arguments ; but, whether there is or not, no one would for a moment doiMAt Senator Feitricks was: sincere about them, and because he is sin cere about them, and about everything el«> which he preaches, he advocates them strenu ously, and doesn't care a twopenny dump whether he gets into {rouble for do,ing so, or otherwise. Ilow much he cares for trouble of that kind may be judged from the fact that, as a reward for his 'first six and a half years of public life, lie has had to cantest five elections, suffer two writs, a month's expulsion from the Queensland Parliament, and attend to numerous lawyers' letters received on • Yehilf •. i vef-ple who thought they were getting damaged during Senator Ferricks's determined showing up of some thing or other. For instance, it is qtiite possible that Mr. Hughes would like to present Senator Ferricks with half-a-dozen letters — all uncomplimentary. Senator Ferricks was the first member of Parliament, either Federal or State, to take a stand against conscription when the word was first mentioned. Shortly afterwards Mr. Hughes commenced to try and convince the Labour executives that his pro posals with regard to the first Referendum on conscription were right. It was Senator Fer ricks who, was called'on by those executives to go to Sydney and take the negative against Mr. Hughes. How well he took that side ought to be known—for Mr. Hughes and his proposals, as all the world now knows, were badly turned down. eooomo Political Trouble. The political life o,f Senator Ferricks com menced with trouble, and may continue with it.' He first attempted to stand for Bowen' in the Queensland Legislative Assemlbly in 1907 ; but his nomination paper went astray, with the result that he made the Federal Government pay £5.0 for his out-of-pocket expenses. The late Sir Wm. Lyne was then Treasurer, and he "came through" with the money only after a deal of trouble, and after the responsibility fo.r the non-delivery of- the paper had been sheeted home to the Commonwealth. Two vears later, however, Mr. Ferricks, as he was then, won the Bo we 11 seat with a comfortable majority, only to be defeated in 1012. A year later he was chosen as one of Labour's six to represent Queensland in the Senate, and as the outcome of the campaign which lyj then waged lie re ceived two writs for £5000 from the then Pre mier of Queensland (Mr. Denham), for the state ments which he had' made during the campaign. Result—verdict for £3l00 and costs in each case. «••••!«• And Before That. And before these things happened to him Senator Ferricks had tried school teaching, at which he started .after leaving the Christian Brothers' School, and after that drifted into work on the Queensland railways, tried station life in Western Queensland, tried mining, engine driving, storokeeping, butchering, sugar-grow ing, and finally journalism. . He is a native of Mary-borough. Queensland, forty-two years of age, and the youngest of a family of fifteen, seven of which were boys ! • When Mr. Fred Oakley, worksmaster at Ben digo, retires on 31st January next, there will pass out of the service one who has played a ■very important, though, perhaps, not promi nent^ part in the railway development of "Vic toria.. After serving his apprenticeship as a carpenter ; and joiner with . the old firm of Tumbull and Dick, of Melbourne, Mr. Oakley entered the works b'ranch of the Victoria11 Railways in 1878, and had as his first jo'b the building of the' Chewton Station. Later he became foreman of works at Maryborough, Bal larat and Melbourne, and in 190*1 was appointed worksmaster of th; northern Victorian section, in Bendigo, in 1901. When King George visited Melbourne, in 1901, to open the first Common wealth Parliament, Mr. Oakleigh was inspector of works of the very elaborate decorations un dertaken by the Railway Department, and which were one of the mast attractive features of the celebrations in Melbourne. In his long service of 39 years in the -department,, he had charge of many undertakings .of a dangerous character, yet not a single workman under him met with serious accident, a record of which he is justly proud. According to lau:st accounts, Mr. Clement Wra-gge, also known at times as "Inclement" Wragge, is conducting a Tropical Gardens and Institute as a holiday resort, at .Birkenhead, New Zealand. Some years ago Mr. Wragge was known all over Australia as a weather forecaster whose predictions gave rise to much amusement, not necessarily because thev were wrong, but for the reason that they were in variably placed before the public in a striking, and often entertaining, manner. Whatever his merits as a meteorologist, Wragge was an ex cellent showman. Such terms as "monsoon," "cyclone," "depression," and "disturbance" had no attractions for him. He preferred to call the cyclone, "Hughes" ; the depression, "Ir vine" ; or the disturbance, "Mannix" ; or whatever names were prominent in the political world at tlv> tinns. Then the public would get a pronouncement something like this : "Prepare for the worst—'Mannix'—or it might have been 'Barton'—is coming. Drought stares the far mer in the face. Conserve your supplies of water immediately, for there are days of trial ahead." If the drought came, Wragge would adopt the attitude of "I told you so." If.it did not, Wragge relapsed into obscurity. Only temporarily,, however, for like the politicians, Wra'gge invariably "came back" at the 'fiprst opportunity. It is said that his gardens at Birkenhead suggest a corner of the South Sea Islands, and that visitors find much entertain ment in his descriptions of the constellations. Mr. William Capewell, who died recently at Ruabon-road, Toorak, aged S2 years, was the founder o,f the Red Boot Mart, in Bendigo, a concern which later extended its branches to many of th.c principal business centres ;n Vic toria. A colonist of 64 years, Mr. C.ipewell saw many bush townships develop into thriving cities. When he arrived in Victoria, ;a 1 f 53, in the ship Sussex, the rush to The sroHfields was in full swing, and Mr. Capewell V,eg;in carting goods between. Melbourne a"d Ueiifli, or Sandhurst, as it was then known. This proved to be n remarkably lucrative proposi tion, as much as £110 being paid for a loi'.tl. Subsequently lie started business as a 1-oot .salesman in Bridge-street, Bendigo, an.'l foMune favouring him, he opened branches at Elizaheth ;f;t., Melbourne ; Moorabool-st., Geelong ; Castle maine and Maryborough. Mr. OapewoU was the oldest member of the James Uoe Loige of the manchester Unity Oddfellows, nnd in November last he celebrated his diamond wed ding. 