 HEART OF THE CYCLONE A Terrifying Experience TOWNS PUSHED OVER V Cyclones come and cyclones go, and North Queensland towns are continually being re built. Thero is scarcely a settlement from Thursday Island to Broadsound that 'has not been blown down. Bowen has disappeared on several occa sions. A dozen years ago Townsvlllo ex perienced two cyclones in a couplo o£ years. They were introduced by -tho redoubtable Mr. Clement Wragge, who announced their coming under the names of Lconla and Sigma. It is still a disputed point among old North Queenslanders as-to which "roared tho louder and did tho most damage. Experience "has taught people in Towns- vllle.to detect tho coming of a cyclonic blow. When the barometer commences to fall bo- low a certain figure, those of the population who are not seeking a safe place under ground go out and tighten up the props of the house. HUSH UEFORE THE STORM There are some lenso moments before tho blow comes. It darkens. There is a. still ness in tho air as though the world's heart has censed to beat. A. creepy sensation steels over the stoqtcst heart. Then, as if switched on by means of an electric button, the wind shrieks like 10,000 devils, and the earth rocks. \ Round and round, it goes, snatching up everything in tho way, ripping sheets of iron from roofs as though tearing paper from a pad. Sometimes it takes the whole' roof at once, and then, getting inside tho building, blows the walls out fiat. Tho roof wiil probably go soaring away for miles, along with many other roofs,- and all tho domestic poultry flying before tho storm. This is a mere prelude. Tho safest placo in the absence of a cellar — which is certainly not a part of a Queensland house — Is under a barricaded table, on top of which tho debris falls, and makes the inmate even fur ther secure, until the flood-gates open and rain falls, not in Inches, but In feet, at a time. Towiisville, after the great cyclonp, looked as though It had boon pushed over. "Whole streets of houses— tho wooden houses so familiar in the north— were either lifted up and deposited long distances away, or blown fiat. NOTHING STANDS BEFORE STORM Brick buildings fared no better. They wore not toppled over into a lioap of broken mate rial, tlie top story was either broken off or ripped up and twisted round out of shape. ' Curious things happened. Tho terrific blow struck Cleveland Bay with audi force that It whipped tho ocean back, laying bare the bot tom ot the sea. Horses, made frantic by tho storm, making a dash for the open, galloped on to tills firm land. It was only for a mo ment: tho storm took another .turn, and tho ocean came back, and engulfed them. After all, the idea of the Children ot Israel crossing tho Red Sea is not a fable. It only needed a cyclone to enable them to do so. Tho hush outside the township formed a good playground for the Itnifo of the storm. Coming with a dash, it cut roads through as though with a knife. Huge gum-trees were cut off close to the ground like the hair on a man's chin underneath a razor. This was done by tho outward blow of tho storm! The cyclone, after it has completed its cir cling, bursts outwards like a shell, and that is why tlie present storm lias been felt as far west as Boulia. Tho blow outside the locality Is not cyclonic, it 1b only a kind of percussion, a pressure of the wind outwards, which carries everything before it until it is spent. Cliartors Towers is situated 81 miles from Townsville. The blow of Sigma was felt thero as a stiff storm, but bait an hour after the storm had broken at Townsville tho sea gulls wero looking for a roost on thof gold- field, blown 81 miles inland, Tho picture ot Townsvlllo after tho cy clone beggars words to describe it. 