 "LEONTA" PREVIOUS RECORD CYCLONE FIFTEEN YEARS AGO j People familiar with the recent history of tho north-eastern coast of Australia will at ' once recall tne terrible storm of March 9, 1903, which swept over and practically wrecked the city of Townsville, as affording the closest comparison with that now re corded at Bowen and Mackay. The disturbance, tunefully christened "Leonta"— in continuation of the playful practice of tho former Queensland weather prophet,' Mr. Clemont Wragge— was known to the department to be raging some hun- oreds of miles out at sea on a Sunday, and on a Monday morning practically without any warning the terror swerved in a di rectly south-easterly course, and in a twink ling was wrecking havoc with everything hindering its course. Such disturbances have a certain periodicity— December to April — and seem to bo definitely confined to limited stretches of the north-eastern and north-, western coasts of the continent, Bowen and" Mackay being about the southernmost points affected by the fierce winds In the east. The cyclonbs are in reality immense whirlwinds, sometimes 100 miles In area, born at the equator. They radiate in slanting directions t, wards the tropics, losing practically no momentum in their passage over tho sea, and breaking finally in a mad sweeping swelter over tho coastal headlands. Record Barometer Readings The barometer readings taken during the prevalence of "Leonta" are an Australian re cord, if they have not been surpassed by those of the more recent storm. In Sydney a fall of l-101n. in tho barometric gradient over 100 miles is looked at as a sure signal ot something big coming, and a 'barometer reading of 29.000 — normal sea-level pressure being in tho neighborhood of 30— would frighten tho wits out of every sea captain in Port Jackson. Tropical gales, of course, gain a certain degree of intensity from lati tudinal influence owing to the revolution of the earth on its axis, but regarding that effect as fractional, it is possible to get a vague idea of the frlghtfulness of the blow from the mere instrumental story of the dis turbance. With a barometer showing 29.580, birds have been dashed to death by the wind in the streets of Townsville — on one occasion a pigeon was impaled . on tho large hand of the town clock and stopped the works for half the night. Keeping that register in memory as tho point at which the down ward movement of the mercury spells in creasing danger, tho merest amateur me teorologist will know that a glass showing 28.448 (Leonta's lowest record) .would repre sent something approaching elemental chaos. And so it did. The Observatory attendant of tho day in the northern city was absent from duty on the Sunday preceding the storm, and re lates that at 6 a.m. on Monday, March 9, he was taken by surprise to see the baro meter reading 29.620 and failing.; He smelt disaster, readjusted the papers on the self- recording instruments, and jotted down the variations as follow:— Time. Bar. Wind G a.m. 29.620 . S.S.W., 10 12.5 p.m. 29.030 S.S.W., 12 1.15 p.m. 28.988 S.S.W., 12 2.15 p.m. 28.600 S. 11 At that point the centre of tho storm was practically over the city, and a short, weird lull followed. The meteorologist was unfor tunately compelled to grab up his barometer and dash Into a gully, for in the screaming climax of the blow the entire observatory was whipped Into the air and swirled miles out to sea. Reliable private aneroids, how ever, agreeing with tho official instrument in other particulars, gave the lowest reading as 28.448. Then conditions rapidly approached the normal, the later relevant records being; Time. Bar. Wind. 3.0 p.m. .. 28.562 .. S.S.E., 10 6.65 p.m. .. 29.396 .. E.N,E.,-8 That is the story of "Llouba" as told by the barometer, and tho figures should be helpful should poor Mackay, some day grown cheerful, begin to boast that it has taken the heaviest blow on earth. Tho swiftness of the Townsville catastrophe is sufficiently in dicated by the times and readings given, and in view of a previous long-drawn-out period of suffering associated with another of Cle ment Wragge's tiger pets, "Sigma," they real ise up there the grim triteness of old Admi ral Fitzroy's rough poetic couplet — Rain long foretold, long lasts, Short notice, soon past. In Mackay's case it was also "Short notice, soon past," , Hell Let Loose To writo the dry, direct, record of the quicksilver tube has been an easy matter To approach a description of the elemental fury which its variations represented makes one hesitate— hesitate because tho chaos is hardly dcscribablc in language, and because what one relates as actual facts must beget a scornful jeer from people who have only seen a strong southerly gale in Sydney. Wo hear a good deal nowadays of shell-shock! Men who have gone through a tropicai cyclone on lund realise what that is, but will not be persuaded that any terror that human ingenuity can inv'ent is able to stand comparison for a moment with Nature in a mad mood. It Is only possible to convey some idea of wbat the wind can be by mentioning a few incidents of that memorable appalling occasion. At 12 o'clock no cabman ventured to drive from behind the shelter of Castle Hill a bold, rocky, procipitous headland sheltering tho main portion of the city from tho sea If any ventured to do so it meant the instant capsizing of tho vehicle, and possible injury of his passengers, at the first turning into an open area. From secure nooks peoplo watched tho fearful . surge in breathless terror. Tho roar of the liurrlcnne wholly drowned the voice, and communication was mado by signs Tho air was sodden with rain, slashed Into foam — tho Observatory gauge, registering .10 in., overflowed, by the way — and debris o' all descriptions. High overhead, many hun dreds of feet, flow countless sheets of roofing Iron, like so many postnge stamps, hurtling out to sea with thrice the swiftness of aero planes. Whole roof sections, weighing hun dredweight, swam on the wind for half a m|le or more and dashed destructively to earth rolling everything movable beforo them. Iron telegraph posts' on tho flats, presenting no more- resistance than their own exterior sur faces, and the wires they supported, were bent to the earth at almost acute right angles. Where the wind got fair scope tufts of grass were blown out of the ground. Tree trunks a yard in diameter were snapped like carrots. No leaf remained on any tree which stood up to the gale. Tho twigs of huge Moreton Bay ' figs which bordered . the North Ward Park were twisted and plaited like stock whips. While tho general intensity of the hurri cane never lessened for n moment for five hours, through the onrushing wind ono could actually see frantic gusts rushing llko loosened rockets, blackened with stones and refuse wrenched up in their fury. Those demons of tho elements left nothing standing in their path but tho everlasting rocks. Tracks wero shorn out ns by gigantic ploughs travelling at thrlco the speed of express trains. Well-built cottages wero snatched off their blocks and hurled contemptuously Into neighboring allotments. The tidal waters on tho sea-front were blown back' half a mile, below low water mark. Horses, maddened with terror, galloping to tho strand, were en-, veloped in black gusts, and blown helplessly out to sea. The general hospital, situated on a rlso near tho shore, fell In the track of such a blast, and the scene was Indescribable. A newly-constructed brick building, with' mas sive \valls, crumbled at its touch, and myriads of bricks flew Into tho air like disturbed bees, the roof meanwhile being carried on tile wind In an entire, body down atop of a small gro cery storo 509 yards off, which, In tyrn. col lapsed, and accompanied the rool'-iron down the street to tho Bqa. This disaster caused trouble to many In firm patients, and the hospital authorities signalled to' the Permanent Artillery Garri son at Kissing Point for assistance. Stal wart soldiers, stripped to the waist, answer- ing tho summons, went to tho rescue, partly running und partly crawling, as the gusts allowed, over about a mile of open country in something like an hour. In every corner that afforded reasonably safe shelter wero huddled homeless women and children not merely pallid, but green nnd 111, with lorror. Poor Mackay! , After endless hours of this horror came the strange boding -lull betokening the presence of the storm centre. Peoplo cautiously crept from their shelters to explore the sad ruins of shattered homes, but scuttled back again like rabbits to their burrows as the gale swung round under the influence of the op posite wing of tho whirl. Tho socond visita tion was mercifully short and comparatively Insovere, and hundreds of wrotchoil victims set about making habitations be neath roomless floors or in the public build ings which were left uninjured in the town. Then it rained— pitilessly rained— inches an hour, tho livelong dark and doleful night. Docs thnt description give some Idea af tho distress that must now bo prevalent in poor Mackay? Townsville staggered for many months under that blow; the nerves and health of many robust citizens wero hope lessly impaired by - the strenuous fears and sufferings of that day. So must It bo in tho sugar capital. 