 BABINDA NOTES. I I (For the "Post" and "Herald.") i _ if Clement Wragge was a resident of this area at thc present time, and was asked to expresse an opinion on the weather, no doubt the verdict would be very peculiar, owing to tropical disturbances. The mornings are hazy and foggy, and then when old Sol takes sway, the heat is al- most unbearable-hot, humid, stifling heat, with scarcely a breath of na- ture's pure, fresh air-those condi- tions last until about mid-day, and then comes* another change. Far away to the north the dark and threatening clouds begin to gather, and thc continual rumbling of thun- der and vivid*flashes of lightning pre- dict that we arc in for a good old j thunderstorm, but so far, as the nig- ger would say, it's only gammon. .Certainly we have had a few smart showers, and on the nth we had a young cyclone; but it was that light and of such short duration that it is scarcely worth recording. However, there is no occasion for any person to predict a drought for this area, for no doubt it is only a matter of time when the usual bountiful downpour will come in earnest, and- our present con- ditions clearly foretell the coming of heavy rain. There is and always has been a peculiarity that exists in those sugar area's, and'that-is-the number of strong and- apparently healthy-looking men who will make your acquaintance quick and lively. Their trouble is al- ways a shortage of cash, and they have no hesitation in asking for a bit of yours, just enough to tide them over their difficulties, and once more allow them to enjoy the good old pot of beer. This privilege, I am sorry to say, is hall-marked, and held exclu- sively by the Britisher, for on no oc- casion have I known the foreigner qr colored gentleman to take on this bailing-up game. All sugar areas can boast of this unmanly piece of busi- ness, and Babinda is no exception to the rule. Mooliba way the same old co.ndi : tions are still in existence, and the I battle against weeds and pests is a I heartbreaking ordeal, and means for the producer a lot of worry, hard toil and an early grave. On Buckland's road it is much about the same, and j after an inspection I only saw one I holding that could be classed as a I farm, and was fairly free from weeds; I but this part is not alone in its efforts to go straight while crooked legisla- tion wills it otherwise. From the South Johnstone and the Burdekin I have received letters that tell the same old tale--toil all day and worry all night, and no prospect of any ease j or pleasure in the future that has to come. It is glorious for the producer to be always staring at a sea of dif- ficulties and carrying a mountainous load of anxiety and worry. Babinda mill has stopped chewing cane for this season, but some of the machinery has to be kept in motion during the dark and lonely hours of the night, for the State Hotel must have light. There are some who are not in the know, but would anxiously like to know, if this bit of expense is going to be added on to the accumulated load that thc producers are carrying, or will the beer-suckers have to bear some of the burden. I was always under the impression that we had a sort of "fix your prices affair." Per- haps I'was dreaming: but I know that I get a shock from stern reality when I go for the daily allowance of bul- lock-one shilling per pound, please. ! Just fancy, one shilling per pound for I scrag in civilisation. It is simply a I case-of fix your prices right enough. During the week Babinda has been well supplied with amusement, and the picture hall has been kept going at high pressure. The Archer Com- pany had a crowded house, and it is really wonderful where all the spare cash comes from in this part. I notice where Dr. Knowles is go- ing to make a bid for the Shire Coun- cil. It is to be hoped when he wins the position he will invent some useful method for extracting the load of sorrow that the shire employees are .carrying in their boots. For the few months ahead there are bound to bc washaways and holes on the various roads that will require to be promptly repaired. It is really marvellous the number of men who come looking for work and then won't take it on if the work happens to be close to a hash-house. You might get some to put in a week or two; but if it means erecting your own camp, it generally ends in a case of nothing doing.'" The old-timer, who loved to be free and independent, and enjoy the liberty of his own camp, has vanished and became a dream of the past. The members of the School of Arts held a meeting on Friday, the nth. In sugar areas institutions of this sort j generally have a difficulty in being successful, as the sugar workers are mostly unsettled for a part of the year, that is, during the slack season. An- other thing, as a rule they don't in 'dulge in good clean reading matter a Buffalo Bill or some German in- spired rag satisfies their wants. How- ever, the Babinda subesribers are tc be congratulated on their present po- sition. The number of subscribers is only 42, which speaks for itself in a thickly populated part, and where sc many are enjoying constant employ- ment. At the present time there is « credit balance of £34/14/-, with'thc Government subsidy to be added, anc the library has been enlarged by tin addition of a fair number of nev works. Among the names on the committe« I noticed Osborne, Carter, Johnstone alid others. Where the name of Os borne appears, subscribers can rest as sured that they will get a square deal Mr. McLean is secretary for the in stitution. The Babinda farmers also held thei: meeting on the 13th (lucky number) Naturally, it is the same old state o affairs-some are contented, and witl others you can add the "dis." It hap pened when Sam Griffith held thi reins, and was giving us a -dose o what he called "Democracy." Bill Little introduced an affair that hi called the Central Mill system. O.i paper it looked all right, and the skiti of members assured-us that it woul&lt; raise the poor and honest landowne to a state of affluence and prosperits'. Experience has taught us.to cry false hopes, and also to add, "never put your faith in a jawbone breaker. Our local auctioneer held a stock sale on Saturday. The Babinda dis- trict is a picnic ground for stock at the present time. There is grass in abundance, and instead of it being a Messing it is quite the reverse. There are many who bathe with impunity in Babinda Creek. The old hands generally make use of the shal- low water, as they do not .care about risking a battle royal with the nimble saurian. I noticed a nice specimen the other day that an abo. had cap- tured in the creek. Perhaps this may have the desired effect of making the numerous youngsters look before they leap, and it is the duty of the parents to caution them from bathing in the "deep holes. The Red Crossiworkers of Babnié» have been a credit to the district in the past, and by their efforts a fair amount of cash has been gathered for the heros who are at the front. As [.I have not seen a report appear in the "Post" for some time, it is to be i hoped that the Society will still for I ward their usual report for the bene- fit of the general public. 