 SUN AND WEATHER. MR, .WRAGGE'S FORECASTS. SEISMIC ACTIVITY IN 1920. "The present maximum of' the iun," said Air. Clement Wragge in an interview with a "Weekly News" reporter on January 9, "is probably the most abnormal on record. Ten days ago seventeen disturbances, popularly called sun spots, were observed in the solar photosphere, the largest being about 45,000 miles in diameter. But upheavals ! even greater, to 100,000 miles in dia meter, have been observed during this I f remarkable period of solar upheaval.' From these titanic cyclones in the sun, ether or wireless waves of varying wave lengths are always emanating, and under them the earth and our fellow planets sing, vibrate, and hum like the singing of a telegraph wire, but inasmuch as all our senses on the physical plane are' limited, our organs of hearing are not sufficiently acute to respond to them. In order to understand this theory it must be borne in mind that the whole i endless universe from sun to sun, planet to planet, system to system, is governed , by wireless waves. Our sun is operated I in its turn by the ether waves emanating from o.ur next nearest sun, which is' Alpha Centauri, the brightest of the two pointers to the Southern CroBS, and so it goes on through the inter-stellar or inter-solar spaces. FACTORS IN CLIMATIC CHANGES. "The forecasts of the seasons are based on three main factors, first the physical condition of the sun in respect to its maximum and minimum moods; secondly, the astronomical positions of the moon and periodical swing of lunar declination; thirdly, the perturbations or wireless waves that are for ever working through out our solar system, linking up the earth with our fellow planets. That this work ing hypothesis with respect to seasonal weather forecasting is a, sound one there is no doubt whatever, but a source of error lied in the fact that we do not yet thoroughly understand the nature of the emanations from Alpha Centauri, which affect the sun. It is a remarkable fact that there is a connection so intimate between the weather—if we may use such a term—of the sun and the weather of earth, as if the two bodies, through 93 millions of miles, were actually linked up by a telegraph wire. So they are in very fact, but I5y wireless, as I have already stated. In the northern hemisphere of the sun winds of terrific velocity sweep around in appalling and fiery cyclones in the opposite direction to the hands of a clock, and in the southern hemisphere of the sun. in the same direction of clock hands, and the very same circulation takes place around our globe in the northern i and southern hemispheres respectively. FORECAST OF STORMY SEASON. "Arguing from these standpoints, and seeing that actions and reactions pervade tho Cosmos, there is every reason to be lieve that the approaching hurricane season over the Pacific Elands off the Coast of Queensland , and New South Wales, and the north-west coast of West Australia, also around Mauritius and the South Indian . Ocean,. will be very pro nounced. and, as such disturbances are expected to pass further south than usual, it is reasonable to suppose that the Auckland Province, and especially North Auckland, will be in a measure affected by the southern sides or edges of the Pacific storms, which should result in heavy winds from between east, north east, north, and north-west, with ac companying periodica! heavy rains. The present absence of rainfall is mainly due to the condition of what may be termed tho static equilibrium attaching to the summer solstice, and as the sun's southern declination decreases towards ther equator the state of affairs just mentioned may be expected the more to develop. But it must ever be borne in mind that, with regard to forecasts of the seasons, we dare not speak ex cathedra, that we only claim, and equitably so, a high percen tage of accuracy, knowing that our hypothetical formula is a sound one, and absolute accuracy is never expected, re membering the qualifying influences from Alpha Centauri. SUNSTORMS AND EARTHQUAKES. "In regard to earthquakes," continued Mr. Wragge, "there is no doubt the sun's influence is the prime factor—I do not say the only one—in causing earthquakes and volcanic eruptions. The recent Wairparapa earthquake followed a mighty solar upheaval exceeding 100,000 miles from edge to edge. The Gautemala earthquake was contemporaneous with the enormous solar energy already men tioned, together with the eruption of Mount Vesuvius. I am not forecasting future earthquakes, and I am not sound ing the alarmist note, but I do emphati cally say that, in consequence of the change of wireless wave lengths from the sun—like altering tho gear of a motor car—which are bound to operate after 1920, conditions will become more favor able for seismic and volcanic action in all those parts of the southern hemisphere where the surface of the earth is weak. It is just possible—I do not say probable —that some of the alleged extinct vol canoes may begin to manifest some slight signs -of activity. My advice when that period arrives to those people who live in earthquake areas is not to sleep too near chimneys, which are liable to tumble down. It is possible that seismic action may become evident in the neighborhood of Cook Straights and Canterbury Plains, but remember." lie concluded, "" I am not sounding the alarmist note. The tone that I use is embodied in the word, 'caution.' " 