 Queensland Cyelooe. D1CM0LISHED TOWN OF INNIS FAIL. is pebsonTkilled. Brisbane, Friday— The Deputy Com ?nissiuiK-r of Railways, who is at Towiisville. reports that the cyclone struck InnisfaU at 6 p.m. on Sunday, md rngtd till midaight, Tbo town building-: were demolished. It u estimated that there were 15 d«fttii, within an area, of a quarter of aThehfti'bor end of the wharf ap pixMches.has gone, Uio rails were fcwist wl juiH nnrtjon of tbe roof of the sugar shed, w'lcro 600 tons of sugar are stored, is also gone. The damage to railway property is estimated at £2000. A whole train of carriages was blown over. The police have arranged to send 12 tons of food from Cairns to InnisfaJl. MESSAGES FROM CAIRNS. NINE 'DEATHS. Messages from Cairns state that there were nine deaths, including the following:— Mr O'Malley, solicitor. Mr and Mrs Andy Brown. Mrs Mahony, wife of the ferryman. Mr McLean, engin&diiver, Mrs Gibson, wife of an accountant. Mr Fox, chemist. MR WRAGGE'S PREDICTION. RENEWAL OF~C¥CLONE FORE TOLD. . Jn Auckland on February 3 Mr Cle ment Wragge. the well-known Austra lian meteorologist, predicted that fur ther euaiosphorao dtsturbenoss would occur in the southern tropics, including the northern portion of new Zealand. 'Atmospheric conditions,' Mr Wragge said, 'are very perturbed within lower latitudes then that of Auckland, espe cially over all North Cape, the Ker g«dee8. Tonga. Fiji, New Caledonia, Norfolk Maud, and the coasts of Queensland and New South Wales. A close watch should be-kept on barom eter. Tbe disastrous storms in Queens land, coupled witt (he floods, are suffi cient indication of the general type of wsatiier, and in various parta of the osatcrn half of Australia tliero may, and probably will, be a. renewal of such before April 1, ltenee every precaution mould be taken. As stated in Janu ary, the coast of Western Australia nortti from Shark Bay may be effect ed by winds of the hurneauc tvpe andttc pearling fleet* should be on'tne tfevVi. l '''''fnped jn ti-e opinion that Hie southern ed@as of the tropical disturbanoos will pass further south *J«W-?tend to the Bay of Plenty and Hawks's Bay. N.2., under currents tram between south-east, east, north east,, and north,, shifting westerly, T^iS stron?-,,iuid *** ? ^ery con fderaae rainfall before two months have elapsed. These conditions are luainjv due to abnormal solar influ. RAINFALL REGISTERED. During the 84 hours ended at 0 a.m. on Tuesday 840 points of rain were Ranged at Rtfanond. 283 at Maxwel srw^inS865'^^ 