 Meteorological Notes--14. 1896-A January Hurricane at Towns vllle-" Sigma." The ©utstading features of 1896 were a hurricane at TownsvSlle towards the end of January and severe frosts in the middle of the year. Although the rain over thfi greater part or the State was below thf- average (&lt;il.win. at Blackall), the average for the whole State was slightly above the normal. For nine months of th« year the rain was below normal over most of the State. Blackall being the centre of the western district had 24.76in. spread over 57 days. Only 102 points fell in January, but February caused biy Hoods in tli*> Barcoo for lJ.bbm.; Tambo had '...ilin. during the same peii,,d jundah 4^3. Windorah 134, with oniv lib.3 for li.c- year. Other dry areas were: Thai - .mindah, 307 for Febru ary'. with 11 TT for the year; Birdsvilie, 14 'with 1'iih t'3S for the year; Boulia. r.rr, with l &lt;'? t1 ? . for the year; and that drv station iust without the border, Oiiepah. 24 points, with 809 for the year. Half ot 11K- year's total for Blackall fill in the second month of til,, vcar, as already stated. Other falls' were 1 ~~ in April. 101 in Janu ary; no lair, fill during June, 1J4 was puu-&lt;*'&lt;l i" .Inly, and 369 made a k&lt;>&lt;»; liniih i ' tlu- year, the rain dur ing the |ifive months being under an ir-e.i. and the sixth month dry. Slav i.. .'isu-red 44 points. Other ivgistert ' .lit;lIIS w^re: -t entral Highlands--8*32 points, on C7 days. Northampton Uowsn, ^|t;I , ? t \'UI Till LiOW lands-Alif- -S4l*. on 48 days Aramac. I."'*-' on 4S days. Bar (..aldine, 17:'.". un 55 days: Bowen Dunns. "-S" cr. 2!&lt; days; Darr River Downs-. Evesham. 1465. on IB dilvs; Evi.r.% -076, on' 40 days; lsis foi'd 42 days; Longreach 268^! on 3:* days; Mount Cornish 2026," on St' days (no record for Janu ary) ; Muttaburra. 2259, on 46 days; Saltern Creek 23!>7 (six days recorded for August ar.'i the last three months onlv); Tangorin, 1544, on 34 days; Wcilshot, 304 on IS days (for last six months only1: Westland1, 428 on S days (for last five months only). Other localities-Winton, 1091, on 40 days; Diamantina Lakes. 740 , on 31 days, beaten only by Monkira and Windorah for drought, both places being under seven inches. Hughenden, 1920; Rich mond. 1412; Springsure, 2868; Eme rald, 2947; Clermont, 3427; St. George, 205S: Charleville, 2520. Very heavy rain fell in the north, especi ally in January and Februajrj*. at Townsvillf. during a hurricane (of which we will write later). In \iew of la§t week's cyclone in the north the figuree will 'read with interest. In January 21>57 points were registered, and in February, 220S, March 1098-11 feet of water in three months! Bowen had but little rain in March, but in January gauged 3635 points, and 2JS4 in February, 5S.29in. for two months -more feet of rain.-The heavy rain continued to work down the coast. Mackay had 2131 points in January. 3232 in February, a total of 53.63in. The hurricane petered out as Cape Capricorn was reached, Rockhampton measuring 27u0 in January, and 2044 in February, a total of 47.44in.; Glad stone had 3256 for the two months, while- at Brisbane the total for the iant period was 4497 (Cape Moreton 17GS). It will be interesting to com pare the January rainfalls for 1918 with these. We will have a look over notes on rain distribution for the year 1896, taking the State lis a whole. In Janu ary ti e rain was generally below the avora&f. inland and south of the paral lel of Bundabtrg, but above north and east of a line joining Bundaberg, Miles, Hughenden, and Gilbert River, also on the north coast and 1'eninsula. except inland between Fairview and Thornborougli: very heavy on coast district between Townsville and Tropic of Capricorn. February-Very wet and greatly above average generally, except in the extreme south-west, vrtiere below j.verage, IB inches above averatif. at Cape York, 12 inches above at Charleville. 10 inches above at Mut taburra. Elgin Downs. Blackall and Brisbane. March.-The whole of the State south from the parallel of Bowen, also around the Gulf and most Of the Peninsula was well below average Rain was abovP average north "and east of a !ine joining Char ters Towers, Gilbert River, and May town; also on extreme north of Penin sula and near St. George. April Greater part of State below average, but above west and south of a line joining Normanton, Boulia, Spring sure, and Cunnamulla; also above of! the East Darling Downs and all the Peninsula north of Card-well, and Mt. Surprise. Below average round Gulf between Normanton, Georgetown, and Musgrave. May.-Much below average generally, except on north coast be tween Cairns, Thornborough, Fair view, and Cooktown. June-Again very dry and below normal, except on central coast between Bowen and the "Eropic, where slightly sAiove the average. July-A good wet month above average generally, except over th« Warrego, far south-west, the south-eastern portion of the lower Western Division; also below in coast districts1 between Gympie and Bowen, and Ingham, and Cooktown. August.-Much below normal. Bain was above average on north coast and Peninsula; also between lines join ing Gladstone, Ieisford. Aramac, Gros venor Downs, and Rockhampton. September. - Again much below average generally, but slightly above at Cooktown. October-Another dry month, and totals were bel|>w the average everywhere, except at Gilbert River. November.-Good rain fell, specially in the south-east, including thP Dailing Downs and Maranoa. A large area west from a line joining Nebo and TSaroom to as tar west as Blackall and Hughenden, including the north coast and Peninsula, was below average. December-The last month of the year was generally be low normal, but it was above over the Maranoa, Darling Downs, and More ton districts; also in the Central West north of the meridian of Black all, and west from a line connecting Normanton and Blackall. The whole is summed up as the average for the year, being a trifle over normal con ditions. On the 26th and 27th January there was a hurricane at Townsville. Mr. C. S. Norris, who liad been keeping mete orological observations in Townsville for 17 years, gives the "Evening Star" of 30th January, 1896, a most interesting report He said that for some time previous to Saturday, the 25th January, the weather had been very unsettled with squalls from east and south-east, and on 25th Jan., there was a gal« blowing from E.S.E., with heavy rain. During the night the wind veered to the S.E. and de veloped into a heavy galfi and rain. > Th«» barometer fell rapidly, and went down to 29.262, which is the lowest reading recorded. The thermometer registered from SOdegs. to 82degs. during the hurricane. ThP force of the wind during Bom« of the squalls was from iid miles to 100 miles an hour. On Monday, the rain gauge, which holds twelve inches of rain, was over flowing. Mr. Norris gave no Informa tion as to damagp donP to the town. How history repeats itself! Twen ty-two years ago Townsville and south of it was visited by a hurricane, Cleveland Bay being the crux of the storm. Ther« were not the elaborate and delicate instruments for forecast ing as exists at the present day, but Mr. Clement Wragge, the then mete orologist. had as fine instruments as then existed in any part of the State, and accurately forecasted the "blow," Which hfi called "Sterna." My 1396 diary is particularly interesting for the first two months of the year. I read that on the 31st January details came to hand respecting the hurricane of a few days before: "The town appeared as though bombarded, and hundreds of people are homeless. The damage done was very great, and there was sottip loss of life." The storm worked down the coast, but no damage was reported. The rain was not particu larly heavy out west diiring January, but there was .extreme heat. On the 2lst the thermometer ? marked lOSdegs. and on the 23rd 107degs. On thfi 21et llfldegs. was the shade temperature in Sydney, and deaths -were recorded from heat apoplexy. Hockhampton appeared to have struck the tail of "Sigma," and the rain extended along the Central line. At thB end of Janu ary the train was delayed by wash aways, and the mail due Friday did not reach us until Sunday morning. On the 3rd February thp Dawson flats were ten miles under water, and pas sengers travelled over the break at their own risk. The train left Barcal dine at ft.50 a.m., and put in the night in Emerald, going on if practicable next morning. On the 4th February liarcaldine had a storm which regis tered SO points in 15 minutes; further rain at night and next «iay. On the 5 th railway reported five washaways on line. Hockhampton had ten inches of rain in 24 hours. The water was up to the decking or the Fitzroy bridge, and one foot in the Criterion Hotel. The down train got as far as Jericho, and the up'train was stuck at Anakie. On the 10th it was re parted "No vegetables in town except pumpkins; supplies short; rivers are going down." On the 12th "a train arrived with flour, thus staving oft a famine." On the 15th there was a through train, and a "rocky" trip it was. I was a passenger by it. The passengers boated and walked the tressle bridge from near Gracemer^ to Yeppen (three miles). The city was found to be surrounded by water. Ex tremely heavy weather on coast; the s.s. Burwah laid to for two days in Wide Bay. 18th-Floods continue to recede. Heavy rain fell in the west on the 26th at 9 a.m. Barcaldine gauging only 2.18in., but Ilfracombe had 9.36in. in 48 hours, which washed away the approaches to Kanp Creek bridge. On the 27th the tirains were hung up again for a few d^ys, there being nu merous washaways and the Nopoa bridge (low level in thosp days) seven feet under water. March opened fine and continued so for nearly the whole month. The temperature was very similar to that of the present month, not exceeding SO. June and July were recond months for cold. Nearly every morning hoar frosts lay on the downs, and ice was to be found on exposed vessels. Pumpkins and some varie ties of flowers were destroyed, but the cabbage was never before so sweet and tender and frep from aphis. Thp records are very ample in re spect to thp severely cold weather in May, June, July, and August. As early as May 12th pumpkins and potatoes were destroyed by frost in the Upper Logan. During June the frosts were verv severp even Upper Carpentaria divisions feeling the cold. Frosts were general over the Central and Southern districts, Alice marked 23degs. Simi lar conditions prevailed in July, and thp sugar cane on the Mary River was much damaged. Emerald reported on 11th July:-"Weather during past three or four weeks coldest ever ex perienced; Icicles depended from gal vanised iron roofs." The manager of the Acclimatization Society stated in a report tliat many of the plants were permanently damaged. On the 5th August there was thick ice a: Win ton. On the 6th August RocUhampion reported the winter was one of the (severest ever experienced in the dis trict; thermometer on grass below freezing point on past ten mornings min. 28degs. Other records for thp year were |On the 3rd January there was a fear ful hurricane at St. George; and some damage was done, especially to old buildings. On the 21st December therP was a heavy storm at Croydon. On the 3 st February Clermont ex perienced a heavy flood; on 6th Feb ruary there were floods at Rockhamp ton, and on 3rd March there was a great flood at Georgetown. On 2nd February Hughenden advised:-Five inches of rain; drought in district broken. On the 3rd Brisbane ^ad vised: Further splendid rains' in Queensland, and on the 27th heavy rain in and around Brisbane. Sea Hill advised that the total rainfall for February was 16.9Sin., being the high est recorded for nine years. In con nection with the unusual cold weather various falls of snow were reported. On 22nd June snow fell in many parts of the Stanthorpe district, and in July the region was covered with snow several inches deep. Toowoomba district had a like experience. Mr. Jos. Johnson, State School, Sugar loaf (seven miles from, and some 400 feet higher than Sthnthorpe), wrote to the Brisbane "Courier" on 25th July, 1896:-"Snow three inches deep on the ground. ..Only once in more than 20 years' acquaintance with the neighborhood have I found anything approaching the present severity, and that* was in-July last1 year, when more than two Inches of snow lay on the ground. I was informed, however, by a very old resident that some SO years ago he saw .anow lie on the ground lor tttren days." ^faere were some plagues among live stock in those days. TowMVillp reported oh 6th June, tick plague very virulent In Tully River district; one loet 460 cattle in three or four weeks. A letter from a firm in Townsville re ported great losses mi. the Burdejdn delta owing to tick fever. In one In stance a herd. of 3000 «attt» were reduced in twelve months to 700; in another 500 head - were lost on the roads, whilst almost the Whole of a milking herd of 900 died. MoBt of the dairy cattle in thp neighborhood suc cumbed. On the Upper Mary River (near Card well) the losses of cattle weiv> from 60f to '76 per cent.- The plague, appeared to have' been con fined to the north. ' Ob the 6th No vember -there w&s a heavy hailstorm at Roma. . cjj. 