 How the Sun brings Rain and Draught. (By Clement " Wragge). Australia has a greater interest than perhaps any other country to the scientists. No other part of the world answers so quickly to the changing mood of the sun. It is a great scientific truth that .good or bad seasons in Australia depends mainly upon the changing moods of the sun, that follow each other in regular cycle. Birth of the Son. The sun, great as he %eems, is only a second-rate variable star. Billions of years ago he was born — slougbed off with otheislpf his set from the main body of cosmic gases in this wonderful universe In turn the sun gave birth to fjpfe> -planets, or worlds, that forms V this tiny solar system, Mercu Venus the Earth, Mars. the. , Asteroids, Jupiter, Santurn, Uranus, and Neptune. The sun himself is only one of millions of other suns, some better than himself. "With them he helps to raakegpe Milky Way. The sun accompal by the Solar System is travelling on an unknown orbit at the rate of 29 L miles a minnte, or 153 millions of miles a year along the Milky Way. In mass the sun is 330,000 times greater than the earth- In bulk he is 1,300,000 bigger. His diameter is more than 860,000 miles, He weighs 2 octillions of tons. The Sun with all his planets are but puny grains of luminous dust when com pared with myriads «f ether suns. Only a very small fraction of the sun's energy reaches us. With this he made the hills and valleys ; with this he divided the land and sea, and filled each with every form of life. His rays paint the flowers and the butterflies' wings. They pro duce the gentle zephyrs or the strong sale. They play with tbeYnists and fogs the dews . and the js&ins. -The sun brings us our times W drought and plenty, our poverty-and wealth, our sickness and health, our glad ness and sorrow. > The snn being a second-class variable star, is subject tb |times of activity and times of comparative rest. The time from the quietto the activemood is about three-and-a-half (3.52) years, and from the active to next quiet mood about seven and a half (7.55) years. During the sun's period of great activity' more and more of the sunspots are observed, and during the times of comparative rest fewer, if any of them. The sun spots, are gigantic hurricanes piercing, tearing, ripping through the sun's three main atmospheres, with an energy of w hjcfi theiittman mind cannot form the faintest con ception. They are the .centres of solar cyclone, and in the "hollows" formed by the&e this earth would He iike a pebble in the crater of the greatest volcano. And as fire smoke and molten lava burst from volcano oraters, so on the sun's surface great red flames and storms affect the earth, through at a distance of 92,000,000 miles. Birth of the Earth. Thevearth was thrown off from the snn in the state of a white heat much as an emery wheel throws off a spark. That was 230 millions of years ago, if you strike the average between astronomical and geological research. At once the earth began-tp cool off, and gradually to solidify. Abont 30 million of yeara laterpibe earth threw off the moon." At thkt time, the earth was still hot and steaming: and was turningarouhebon its axis . once every three liour instead of once every 24 hoars. All through these ages the earth gave its heat in to space and cooled all tfie quicker because at such times it got less energy from the sun, ; When the earth had cooled enough there came in turn all forms of vegetable, animal and hnman life. The earth will go on cooling and contracting, and at length become lifeless as the moon now is. There is however energy enough left to support 7 life for thousands of years to come. When the sun is in one of its quiet moods, there are few sunspots. so of course it has not been sending forth as much heat and energy as formerly. The result, is the earth has been cooling dowrimore quickly. You know what happens if yon cool , a hot stove too quickly by spilling cold water on it- — it cracks. So too the earth cooled so quickly in 1902 that it cracked in plaee3 and shook and spluttered. When it shook we bad earthquakes and tidal waves, (the Volcano disturbances in the West Indies, e,g„ Martinique and St. Vincent) ; when it spluttered we had hot springs exploding and vol canoes active (the great physical excitement in the hot lakes district) when it cracked , the sea was prob ably let into the fiery depths of the earth and probably caused tbe Martinique disaster. This also caused the seasons of drought and the wonderful display of the South ern lights. Needless then to say the the Sunspots affect the atmosphere. The weather depends . upon the atmosphere, and the atmosphere, being the lighest part' bfthe earth, is effected by the sun more easily than any other part. On September 1st, 1859, Mr. Carrington, an astronomer, was watching the sun through his "smoked" telescope, when he saw a great flame that seemed to shoot across the dark centre of one of cyclonic sun-spots, ih the twink ling of an eye fearful ihagnetic dis turbances occnred on this planet — as though the sun and. earth were BBBsaBsssBBSsas&aaaBBsaaBa&s- connected by a short distance tele phone. Magnificent displays of aurora bursts forth from the polar latitudes in each hemisphere of earth. The whole electric condition of this little globe was effected. Magnetographs in the observatories were violently agitated ; telegraphic operators in the United States were thrown off their chairs with the shock and in Norway and Sweden electric instruments were positively ruined. For a few hours between October 30tb and November 1st of 1903, beautiful displays of Aurora Aus tralia were observed in the southern parts ot Australia and Tasmania, tele graph communication with France was suddenly cut off, and in the Melbourne observatory all the magic instruction were caused by the great red hydrogen flame, which began then to leap higher and' higher from the sun. The sun has now passed his time of qtfiet and is in creasing in energy. (Oct. 1904) The atmosphere, and consequently the weather, are hound to change in response to the changing moods of the sun. For exainple- the late Au&flian drought was a distinct resuin£!gie period of minimum en ergy of the Sun. The present good season, with the rains, is the direct result, of the Son's now increasing activity, assisted by other factors of less importance. 1 The sun's moods influence the whole earth from pole to pole. Some countries, by reason of their geo graphical position, respond more readily than others to the sun's changing conditions. Australia is one of them. It is mainly, a question of iatitude combined with physical features, such as mountains, rivers, lakes and seas. In the Southern Hemisphere there is about five times as much water, and abont one-fiftfa as much land as in the Northern Hemisphere — and these great masses of water simplify tbe sun's influence on our atmosphere. South of the equator' Australia is more sensitive than any other country. South Africa is also very responsive. Some countries, such as the West of Eng land, are so placed that they have almost always plenty of rain. That is due to circumstances easily under stood. Take New Zealand, its distin guishing feature is the great alpine range, which acts as a condenser for the vapours of the Antarctic dis turbances. But Central Australia has no such mountains to intertere with the direct influence of changing solar moods ; and .so the sun's moods are answerable more particularly and directly for Australia's wonder ful climatic changes from drought to rains and floods. The drought comes. when the sun has least energy, because at that time it really gives off less heat to the earth— although, in dry air that heat may seem . scorching at the snrrnre, as in- the case of hot winds ; tuen the earth cqols down by Loving off heat into atmosphere. Tuis heat- passing -in qiiivering waves upward through tbe air, absorbs the vapours in the atmosphere, and holds them in an invisible steamy state. Had it hot been that greater cold would have prevailed far aloft and the moisture would have fallen in the baps of rain. When the sun is doing his greatest amount of work the snn-spots or dark centres re appear and increase in size and number. The larger ones can be seen through an opera-glass, or with the naked eye using .smoked glasses. Special instruments show the red flames of hydroden. writhing and twisting and. leaping upwards. Sometimes the flames leap 60,000 to 160,000 miles from the sun's edge. During this period his energies in crease, and th« earth is responding, drinking in and saving up the elec trie and magnetic vitalising energies. The earth's atmosphere is also affec ted. The moisttire is no longer held in suspension by excess of radiated heat. The.rainfall increases, because cold atmosphere currents aloft con dense the vapour by increased action and reaction in the air under the increase of solar energy. Then th« water holes fill, the rivers flow and vegetation revive and harvests abound. The sun takes about 3 years to get from the time of its lowest energies to its highest, and then th« opposite gradually begins. Good seasons in 1903 to 1907. In 1912 or 13 the opposite climax will be reached. As the snn is more active now than it has been for some years, the ice in tbe sonth polar regions will hreak up on a greater scale, and drift into lower latitudes than before. The meeting of these iceburgs will greatly affect tbe weather conditions all through the sputhern parts of Australia. Speaking broadly, tbe rainfall will be much greater, and tbe temperature a little more even with less extremes of heat- and cold than during recent years. 