 [?] Cobiir has -luciucd on Saturday as the shopping- holiday. At Forest Keels on Friday last two dogs were slung to death by bees. ) Some horses knocked over a couple of beehives in a yard near- where the* two dogs were chained up, and the bees attacked tht dogs,, with 'the re sult stated. v i: : '?'?? i At Guyra show last week an inno-: vation was introduced in the shape of a' charge for motor ,1# car,; stands around the .show ring.; The, receipts Jrom this source totalled, £10/ ; The Glen Inncs society . is ; giving the idea a trial, '?'.., ; ''.'. Forbes' Municipal Council' intends installing two , of the new ; stylo bub-. bling drinking fountains in populous parts of the town. '?' ' ? ' \ ' At last week's meeting of the Wel lington Troting Club 'committee, the chairman . read the following letter from the treasurer (Mr. S. Marsden) 1, 'Owing to the manner in. which I was ? insulted by the president lit the meet ing . held on Saturday,' oth inst., 1 hereby resign my position as treasur er of the Wellington Trotting Club. When I was insulted for doing what, in my opinion, was for the welfare of the club, I have no other course but to resign.' ',,?, .- j ?.':.'? \\ ; , ? 1 ? The -chairman said that the only 'way in which he knew ;tho- treasurer to'be insulted was this:. ; Me moved a motion, and was defeated on it, and then left the room, and he (the, pre; sident)- said he was no sport. '1 here were many members 'lucre, who were at the meeting, and who could bear out his statement that he in no way insulted the treasure'?.' ?' i A Cowra hotel' put the price of drinks up to cjd one day last week, and dropped back to Od the following day. '' . ' No. 1 booth for the Easier race meeting at Cowra brought £65. The population of Sydney is now 777,000. The 25 recruits 'secured at the Ar midale show appeals,' last week, con: smute a record for the .State, as far as country carnivals are 'Concerned, j. The Hull's Eye man in wondering; what the result will be in Uathurst. ; Bishop ? Kudford, in criticising the; gala held in Goulburn in aid of. the Lord Mayor's Fund, deplored the necessity for 'turning the city into a scene of mad frolic .to obtain a paltry .,' /Moo.1! '.'. ??'? ';',' ?!;!. ,. '- ' -.?; y . vvA; strike;:occurred: at ..'/.the St. Fat-i l-ick-!s;,;Ptay/Bp'6r^nt.:/lS\fesyiUc.V..ili^ lj6ol{makersr-deman3-i'd-af!reU.ucUdn.'-,9g:-;'.-f fees and- refused to ; bet .unless ; .this: '.-?? was' made. The request was refused,, and the bookmakers would not field. As soon as this became known, the entrants in the pedestrian events, re- . fused to run. H looked for some ttme. as if these events would have to be abandoned,' but the committee, after * an hour's delay, granted the 'request, and the sports were commenced. in lining three landholders at the ? Guyra police court recently .6.3/3/ and costs, lor not destroying rabbit har bors, the P.M. remarked that H was necessary to make lhe.';pehally.:,hcnvy, otherwise people would rather pay the line than go to the expense of extcr- - minating the rabbits. The full contributions to the Sixth War Loan from Armidalc to date arc ,£30,600. : ?.-???? , These figures are worth taking . notice of. . At Onehunfia, a suburb of Auck land (N.Z.), a lion recently escaped from the zoo, and headed for a pad dock where a cow was busy turning clover into milk. Presently the gentle creature looked up,1 and its jaw drop ped at sight of the apparition. Then with a snort she charged with tail skyward, and when the zoo ' party presently arrived they' found the escaped lying in a heap in the pad dock hedge, looking as if he wished he'd n.ever been born. — N.Z; paper. At the evening service at St. John's Presbyterian Church, Ballarat, last Sunday, the Rev. . 11. Shall berg made a plea for the introduction of more music into the chtirch service.: Har mony, he said, was to be heard every-,1 where — man, beast, and bird render ing praise to the Creator, and it might wel| enter more largely into ? the service. There was too much preaching. Not many, people c-— Id digest two sermons' on one day. A good many could not digest one, so that the, second sermon meant wasted bnergy. . ? .- ??- / ; Mr. Clcmcntc Wragge makes (says the Auckland 'Weekly' News') , the following remarks on the' weather: 'Another upheaval ? in the sun, about 12,000'milcs in diameter, isapproach-1: ing'the centre or solar disc. .^Toxthese abnormal conditions is certainly! at- : tributable the Chinese earlhqunkc^and also eartli tremors, in New Zealand, - and the South African floods. Winds on an awful scale, with gigantic, ton gues of hydoigen, flame around these solar storms in exattly the same, man iier as do the winds around the puny ' ' cyclones of earth, northern andsouth ern hemispheres respectively; arid it must ever be remembered that the earth and the sun are inseparably linked together by the allpervading wireless etheric waves. Such affect not only our atmosphere, but also in dustrial affairs and the vagaries of . Human nature at this critical time.1' j Poor old Clem- is always pessimis tic about the weather, but somehow his dreadful forecasts generally .' fail to materialise. . ' ,;.''!''? 