 ? An advetlsement having appeared in Brisbane papers inviting the supply of iguana oil and living reptiles, the various Rabbit Boards are up in arms and taking: action to have such des truction of the reptiles as this would indicate immediately stopped. The in discriminate destruction 'of i&ulanas should cease because it is considered they are a prominent factor in the destruction of rabbits, and are also useful in minimising the blowfly pest. It is pretty well-known that onP of the remedies for minimising: the sub marine menace is to build wooden ships and plenty of them, and the in dustry is now in full swing in numer ous American, Canadian, and British Columbia yards. It is argued that wooden ships would not sink when torpedoed. would merely become winerlogged and float for days, while steel ships sink in minutes. Each vessel is about 6000 tons displace ment. capable of carrying 31200 Hiiif gross weight of cargo, and cost about £60,000 each. Not fast, of course, but about li' or 1- knots, and driven by engines -if 1500 horsepower, oil bein.j used a* furl. America hopes to be si.on turning out, oil an average, three wooden ships a day. and C.-t iuh'h } j ships a day. With the vessels already completed towards the end of last year, it is expected that il "leet of over 1400 woden ships will be ready for carrying cargo within a few mon ths. Three to four months is all 'bat is reciuired to complete a (Wooden ,«!,ip. Ill connection with the Kaiser's ofi repeated claim that he is closely re lated to the Almighty,, who highly ap proves of all that Germany has done, is doing, and yet intends to do, a London paper relates an amusing story that is being circulated among the Allied troops in France and else where. Bethmann-Hollweg had been delegated by the Kaiser with a spec ial mission to Heaven. He knocked at the gate, and when an angel opened it the delegate asked permission to speiil; to le bon Dieu. "Impossible," said the angel, "He is busy-very busy." The Ambasador of William H. expressed his disappointment. "How unfortunate," said be, "for 1 liave an announcement of the greatest im portance to communicate to the Al mighty from my master." "And what is rliat?" asked the angel. "Well," re plied the envoy, "My master, the Kaiser, has charged me to announce to the Alimighty that he has just con ferred noble rank upon Him, and that hereafter he can call Himself von i Gnu." 1 When shearers l.iu rouseabouts be- ? come tired of making good money at : their respective callings, coal-mining , otters some brilliant prospects-could I almost be correct!;, described as gold- ? mining when judged by the earnings ! of some of tliu.se engagc-d in it. At , Kandos. in the Lithgow district, two . coal miners drew £33/13/8 for Pi days 1 work, while one recei .'ed the extra- ; ordinary amount of £33/18/8 for 9? i ilaj.s. In the Maitland district two colliers working a« mates were the ; other Saturday to draw £51, this re- j presenting a fortnight's work. There i were ten working days in the fortnight [ therefore this represented over £2/10/ I a day. K.ght hours a day only were ' wi. Ned and under the bank to bank j siein. _ j li is believed Un&lt;t the Sinn Fein j movement in Ireland is petering out, ; the main 'snip- beinr the lack of ' sympathy from America. It was be- 1 lieved that the L'niied States would lie- i friend them at tlie Peace Conference, I instead of which the Irish-American i Committee sent :m address to the j leaders giving tliem good advice and j repudiating the Sinn Fein tactics in , Ireland. A com-i por-dent in Dublin j writing on this matter says:-"It is i hoped that 1he Irish farmers and their 1 sons, bcJivc now cunfiimtetd with this ] naked issue, will repent (heir desor- ; tion of tlv ikili> \ of r-onstitut ional re form." Viie Jri'li-American appesJ was also cxpected u> impress the | members of Hi,-. Irish-Convention more l than ever with "the magnitude of j their responsibilities and opporiuni- . tes at this mi>M &lt; ?itk.al moment in i the country's affairs." For some mysterious reason some newspapers and public speakers are. continually gibinp' at the State hotel at Babinda. But as tlie place is esta blished, and. was a good stroke of business because (so we were told) an offer was made for the place running into about twice as much as it cost the Government, one cannot help wondering why the matter cannot be allowed to rest. Perhaps on the prin ciple that any old stick is good enough to beat a dog wilh, nothing is too small to throw up against the State's one and only piibbery. A Cairns paper having discovered that although the crushing of cane has been com pleted at the sugar mill at Babinda, some of the machinery is to be kept going at night in order to provide the State hotel with electric light. The paper Is anxious to know who is go ing to pay this extra expense, and whether it will fall upon the hotel's customers, the beer imbibers in par ticular. General Foch has no fear in regard to the German threats as to what they are going to do in Prance, and is not impressed at all with the an nouncement that France was to be finally wiped off the map lor ever and ever, amen. He told aa interviewer that the Germans will not ',r®a15 through; they have tried ana failed before .and will fail tpaln. Th? French are stronger than ever in guns, muni tions, and aeroplanes, and their mor ale is better than ever, whereas the German troops have ueterioratod. lhe Germans will have no new gaseB, but ?will hav« tanks, yet the French can out-match them. The Teuton num bers do not make superiority; they had three to one in the Yser cam paign. when the French were almost without artillery and munitions; yet they failed. General Foch, believed the danger to Italy had passed, and that the army will hold its own. He did not seem to risk an opinion on the Russian mix-up-too difficult to form any sort of one probably. Tltf Goim&n ima.ginB.tUm, always very Keen, as witness the numerous communiques issued in Berlin, has been playing some cruel tricks on the troops on the western front, who be lieve that Britain and France have all sorts of new and dreadful contri vances with which to experiment with the unfortunate Huns as soon as the big attack commences. It is a good policy to deny nothing what the Ger mans imagine, but encourage tliem to belie\v all the more, hence when a re port reaches the Allies of som&lt;> new contrivance the Germans say they (the Allies) have Invented, nolioi takes the trouble to deny it. Gas is a. thine that greatly worries the Huns. Although they were so keen in first Dniiivr it themselves, they havP a very silicon- :iiul deep objection to their enemies doins no, and describe it as a contravention 'if all the rules of war fare. The Germans credit some most alarming stories they have heard in resa.nl to the Jititisli gas, and are quite certain ?. eight new varieties Slav,, been invented for their benefit, ami 110 one has taken pity on them and denied tin1 story! A Melbourne firm of shippers and con I merchants appear to have been seizins the opportunity to make hay while the sun was shining. No one know? how Jong the game has J>»en going 011, but a few days ago the firm wan bowled out by the Defence l t partnient. and a case In the lilstriet Court followed. The Department, it was stated, had ordered 10 tons 10 cwts. of coal, and when it was de livered somebody found tinif. to weigh it instead of simply trusting to the honesty of those who supplied the coal, the result being that the con signment was found to be two tons four &lt;;wt. short. This faulty weighing on the part of the firm cost them a fine of £500, the magistrate remarking that i the company deserved all the punish i nielli that could be inflicted upon it, j and everybody will agree with him. | They ale dreadfully particular down Brisbane way as to how the food of the peop)e is handled, and if any tradesman is found to use his bare hands, very speedily he strikes trouble. Don't know if the butchers, bakers, ice men and others wear kid gloves, or hand the goods over with a pair of tongs, because in these parts no one worries about such fads being adopted as prevail in some places on the coast. A man engaged in delivering ice in Brsbane forgot the regulation that he ??lust not do so with hi6 bare hands. oS* had left his apparatus (gloves, tongs, or whatever it was) at home, and had resolved to risk the nains and penalties. Of course he was reported trust the army of inspectors for that, and at the police court a finn of 15/ was imposed, to include costs. The National Labor party is a new institution that seems to be growing well down south, and during the last few months the party has been very active in Melbourne. The general policy of the National party includes , absolute freedom from Trades Hall domination, national ideals to im prove the political and industrial in- I terests of its members, to promote in- J il us trial peace by conciliation and I arbitration, and to induce harmoni- ' ous relations between employer and j employee. A vigorous plan of organi- 1 cation has been' decided upon. The so-called "official" Labor party do not like it, and cases of intimidation, or attempts at It, have been reported to the Natonal promoters; who now notify those attacked to have no fear of threats of boycott, because if such were put into effect the party as a whole would take action to protect and safeguard the industrial interests of every individual member. A goo(l many people hold the belief that the war is responsible for uls those destructive cyclones, especially up north; that the intense bombard ments with big guns have so distur bed the air currents that tliey con centrate with considerable force in quieter atmospheres, thus "ovei-load ing" the air currents that properly belonged to those places. Not caused so much by bombardment of the trenches, but by the anti-aircraft gunjs firing into the .'sky, and the shooting at eaq)i other by flying mac hines while thousands of feet above the earth. If a fan is vigorously used on a hot day without a breath of air, everybody fenows what a cool wind I can be thus produced; but there is a mighty difference between "my lady's fan" and one only of the big guns on the Western front, yet theTe are hun dreds of big guns and thousands of smaller ones constantly being -fired1 off. This idea may intensely amuse j the scientists who know all about air | currents and things; on the other1 hand there may be something in it. I Somebody ought to ask Mr. Wragge about it. There are some parents in Aus tralia whose names ought to occupy a very prominent place on the honor boards on account what they have done for tliP Umpire and Australia. A very keen patriot is Mr. William Kelly, who lives in the Bombala dls trct. He has been «narried three times and gave the Commonwealth 28 children, which in itself is a fiue ex ample of patriotism, but more than that, out of those 28 young Austral ians, nine sons are fighting at the front, the first enlisting when war broke out, and the last son about two years ;tgo. So far none of them have been either wounded or sick. "Has anybody here seen Kelly?" No; but we are all dashed proud to hear of him! The machinery has commenced to move in Victoria for securing the im position of a municipal tax on rate payers to provide for the maintenance of hospitals and benevolent asylums. It seems to be a rather good idea, as whereas . the ? charitably disposed may not have to pay as tales any more than they do at present volutarily (although they may nut like the idea of being compelled to pay), those who subscribe grudingly and not so much as they ought, would have to ©pen their purses a little wider and pay a more reasonable amount on account of charity-more reasonable, that is, when their usual subscriptions (If any)are compared with those obtain ed from the more open-handed. The Premier (Mr. Bowser) was charmed with the idea, and said the question was so important that it would occupy the attention of the Government next session. He added thfrt something of the sort must be done that the charitable institution^ miay still be carried on in a saisfaclor.v manner. During the course of a meeting at Toowoomba supporting the Nation alist cause, and Mr. Blair was refer ring to compensation, a "voice" in terjected: "Pity you didn't get a judgeship." Like a shot Mr. Blair re tor ted: "I .would- like to provide you with an airship, and vour own wind would carry you away." In another part of the address, a "voice" was in evidence again, and wished to know how many Bills the Council had thrown out, to which Mr. Blair re plied: "There is a Bill over there who ought to be thrown out." ^ It seems utterly impossible to teach residents of the country to be careful with their money when visit ing the big cities, and that it would be the safest plan to leave it at home, except for what may be required for mere expenses, otherwise they are merely taking it to Sydney or Mel bourne in order to make a present of a handsom^ sum to some city shark or sharp who has various cunning ways of getting hold of it. There was that resident of Tenterfleld -who the other day, when in Sydney, was green enough to hand over no less a sum than £460 (!) to two men in order to back a horse, of all things. Of course he never saw the men again, and the man from the country then went and complained to the police. If the police had told him straight that be ?was 999 kinds of a fool he would not have got more than he deserved. But such cases are hopeless, and a small army of sharper* will always wax fat and prosperous at the expense of the over-confident country dwellers. It Is usual to describe the Kaiser as being blasphemous when he makes his periodical speeches claiming that God is his personal friend and will not allow the German troops to be de feated, and will eventually give them victory; but blasphemy means words uttered impiously against God, and the Kaiser does not do that, unless by insinuation that the deeds of the Germans since lhe war commenced have Divine approval. Nobody but the Kaiser and his compatriots will believe that. The Kaiser said the other day that the successes in Rus sia were gained with God's help, and j that He would continue to aid him and his troops. Then the President of the Prussian Lower House, not to be out done by the ..Kaiser claimed that in the West the Gorman arms will be victorious-with God's help. It is a bad prospect for the poor Allies, who consider themselves as good Chris tians as tiie Germans any day, and naturally wonder in what way they have offended the Almighty, unless it be by setting out to defend their wo men and children, which is all they have been doing. The church is continually making unkind remarks about the liquor trade and all concerned therewith, and when some figures can be got hold of there is no one so happy as :he parson who has an array of them available, and the opportunity to in troduce them at a public meeting. But after all it is their business :heir business to fight against the iquor trade, especially the Methodists. .Vnd no one can deny that some "shocking examples" of the effects of the liquor trade can be seen any day. Speaking on the. English liquor and food problems a clergyman said in a Methodist Church down South that since the beginning of the war up to, the middle of April last year, alco holic beverages had consumed over four million tons of grain and 340,000 tons of sugar. The speaker said this was tlie equivalent of some milions of loaves of bread per week, while there was as rnucli as 160 million gallons of spirits bonded whtf'i voted to industrial /purposes. When a ship-load of sugar reached London from the Philippines it was seized for the brewers, although the sale of confectionery was restricted or for bidden ? altogether. This is the "wickedness" of all concerned in the liquor trade oriuged lonli into the light of day; still a good many peo ple would much rather consume sugar in a glass of beer than in a handful of sweets. Beer is such a charming liiiuor that poets have even composed songs about it-never heard of any of them thinking to do so about con fectionery. ' When a dance was given in the Litbgow district the other evening iTig-time dancing seems to have i>een included in the programme. Un fortunately for those who enj'>y this sort of dancing Father Casey", of Oberon, was present, and did not. ap prove of it, as he considered such dancing degrading to both sexes. Ho Htateri that he would not tolerate rag-' lime dancing in any of the halls con trolled by the Roman'Catholic authori ties in the Oberon parish. -u Some short time back M>\ Wragge, at present living in New Zealand, said that another -upheaval in the sun, about 12.UUU miles in diameter, is ap proaching the centre or sol:ir disc, and to these nbnormai conditions was cer tainly attributable the Chinese earth quake, the earth tremors in New Zea land, and the South African floods, so no doubt would describe this solar affair as the cause of the North Queensland cyclones. He said -.t must ever be remembered that the earth and the sun arc inseparably linked together by the all-pervading wire less ethnic waves. Such affect not only our atmosphere, but also indus trial affairs and the vagaries of human nature at this critical time, if that is so, apologies are dub all round-to the Germans for accusing them of starting the war; from Ger man}- to the Allies for declaring that they did; from all those who blamed the Unions for causing the recent big strike in New South Wiales, and so 011. tlie chief offender all the time be ing that wretched 12,000 miles up heaval in Old Sol. Toowoomba "Chronicle" feels rather hurt at that city, so well and favorably known all over Australia as the nearest approach to heaven one could possibly have, so far aa com fort is concerned in the middle of summer, not being better known in the United States, for" instance- A letter received by tbe Town Clerk from a city in America the other day displays a state of ignorance that is simply brobdingnagian. The letter contained a request that 11) contents be conveyed to "The Bank in Too woomba, if there be one; if not, to the nearest bank there is!" Consider - inf that the merest one-horse town ship in Australia has a bank of some sort, it is certainly very rough for anybody to express a doubt whether Toowoomba was important enough to have one. The inhabitants really ought 10 combine and send a few photos.' to that benighted heathen in the States, special prominence being given to the handsome banking pre mises in the city. i O 1 We may yet have the pleasure of obtaining in Australia all the petro leum and its products that we re quire, which may mean cheaper kero sene. and cheaper petrol for the motor cars. . Great hopes are expressed that something satisfactory will be even tually obtained from Roma, after all the expense and pounding away for .so long at the bowels of the earth in that locality; but the Penritch dis trict in New South Wales is more' promising, and drilling should be underway there now. The oil seems to be there alright, because during the great drought of 1906, a person who had been gathering soil for ferns in a dry bed at Glenbrook Liagoon, found upon returning home that the soil had a strong smell of kerosene, and upon applying a 'match the soil burned with a steady flame. As this happened in 1906, nobody bothered about it. apparently, uVitil the war and high prices about ten years later woke people up to the realisation of our own possibilities. Thus has the war done good once more, and when the talk-talk-talk about making our own paper comes to .something, that will be another valuable industry in spired by the war. Fred. R. Jam«>p. 