 Splendid Rain. NORTH COAST BENEFITS. After a long spell of dry weather, the northern coastal regions have now received beneficial falls. Unfortun ately Macksville has not been regard. ed as a place where people want to know anything about the weather. In other towns the weather report from different centres is put up at the post office every morning; but the residents of Macksville have hither r to been content with a ''wheelbar row'' service iu this direetiou. Per haps the Chamber of Commerce might bo able to briug things a a little more- up to date. However, it is pleasant to report that this and adiacent districts have benefitted bv the change, as follows : Macksville ... 185 points Bowraville ...... 145 ,, Nambucca Heads 208 ,, Valla ... ... 200 ,, Kempsey, ... ... 190 ,, Sydney Thursday. — Excellent rain has fallen on the North Coast, and will prove of great benefit in dairy ing districts. Some discussion frequently occurs regarding Mr. Wragge's forecast made some years ago. Here it is: — "During 1914, 5 5 said Mr. Wraggp. at the time stated, "the . raiufall will be under the average. This by no means implies that there will be no tain. On the coutra'ry, good inter vening rains will occur, and the last part of this period will be better than the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards, the rainfall will | markedly increase, and from 1916 to 1920 inclusive, the seasons will be distinctly good, with abundant - pre- cipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to steadily fall off, and the worst part of the next great 'under average' period .will be 1923. and-1924. Australians will be justi fied in calliug that a drought. In 1925 matters will begiu to improve, aud goorl seasous will prevail from 1925 to 19,30.'' These forecasts, ex plained Mr. Wragge, are mainly based ou the physical conditiou. of thesun with respect to its maximum and miuimnm moods, moving in cycles of eleven years. Just now we are ueariug the eud cf the solar minimum— or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we on earth have no" couceptiou, were last violent. 