 WRAGGE'S PROPHECIES. ? iB\ — The weather prophets of this district, with whose reputations the fuuetionary controlling tho weather department of Nature's administration has played skittles, may take some consolation from tho fact that the big gun meteor ologist, Clement Wragge, has badly missed, not only tho bull's oye, but also the whole target at which he did some long distance shooting in 1914 (says the Dubbo 'Dispatch.') Look ing through old files of tho 'Dispatch' we find that in October, 1914, he rash ly essayed to foretell the weather con ditions for a period of 10 years. 'During 1914,' said Mr. Wragge at the time stated, 'tho rainfall will be under the average. This by no means implies that there will be no rain. On tho contrary, good intervening rains will occur, and tho last part of this period will be better than the first. From the middle of 1915 onwards the rainfall will markedly increase, aud from 1916 to 1920 inclusive the seasons will be distinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After 1920 the rainfall will begin to steadily fall off, and the worst part of the next great 'under average' period will be 1923 and 1924. Australians will be justified In calling that a drought. In 1925 matters will begin to improve, and good seasons will prevail from 1925 to 1930.' These forecasts, explained Mr. Wragge, are mainly basod ou the physical condition of the sun with respect to its maxima and' minima moods, moving in cycles o£ 11 ycarB. Just now we are neariug the end of the solar iniuiuium — or the period when the fearful cyclonic winds around the sun, of which we on earlli have no conception, were least violent. Jt would seem that Mr. Wragge 'e prophecies, like dreams, inufct be in terpreted by contraries. In other words, if Wraggc says it is going to rain, you may bet your bottom dollar it will be fine. As Mr. Wragge predicted that 1918 would be a fat year, and failed miserably, there is reason to bcllevu thiil, instead of a bad period being en tered on with the advent of 1920. the earth will give forth its fruits in abun dance, and Jupiter PluviUB will be iu benignant mood. We are also inclined to believe that if Mr. Wraggo would confine his investigations to things mundane— «s the Dubbo weather pro pheU do— -nBt»ad of straining his eyes looking for «pot« on the sun, h« wouia be e better w«eth»r tipster. 