 WRAGGE'S ntOPHECTS. | The weather prophets of this district, with whoso reputations the functionary controlling tho weather department of Kfttnro's administration has played skittles, may Sake some consolation from tho fact that the big gun meteor- ologist, Clement wraggr, has uaaiy 4.tissod, uot only tho bull's eye, bn'. also the whole target at which he did some long distance shooting In 1914 Csaya tho Dubbo "Dispatch"). Look ing through old files of the "Dispatch " we find that in October, 1914, he rash ly essayed to foretell the weather con ditions for a period of 10 years. 'During 1914," said Mr. "Wragge at the time stated, "the rainfall will bo under tho average. This by no means Implies that there will be no rain."On tho coptrarv, good Intervening rain will o«ur, and the last part of "this period will bo better than the first. From (the middlo of 1915 omrards the rainfall will markedly increase, and from' 1916 to 1920 inclusive the seasons will be distinctly good, with abundant precipitation. After 1920 tho roinfaH will begin &lt;to steadily fall off, and the worst part of tho next great 'under- average1 period will be lr23 and 1924» Australians will bo justified in calling that- a drought. In 1925 matters trill begin to improve, and good seasons win nrevail from 1925 to 1900." These forecasts, explained Mr. Wraggc, aro mainly based on tho physical condition of the sun with yespeot to lis iribxiina and, minima moods, moving in cycles of 11 years. Just now wo ore ncaring tho cud of tho solar minimum— or tho period wkgi the fearful cyclonic winds around tbe son, of which wo on earth hove no conception, wore leas violent. ' It wonld seem' that Mr. Wraggc's prophecies, liko dreams, must be in terpreted bv eontrarios. In other words, if Wragge e&ys it is goin? ito rain, yon may bet your bottom dollar it will be fine. As Mr. Wrasge predicted that 1918 wonld be a fat year, and failed miserably, there is reason So beliovo that, instead of a bad period being en tered on with the advent of 1920, 'the earth irill -give forth its fruits in nbun- danco, and Jupiter Plurius will be in benignant v mood. We are also iutiined to believe that if Mr. Wraggc would confine bis investigations to things mundane— as She Dsbbo weather pro jects do— instead of , straining his eves i coking for spots on the sun, he would bo a hotter weather tipster. 