 LOCAL ASH) GSNEBAL. Pric* o* Tin.—The Sydney price of , tin is new 56/- per unit 1 Shipping.—The Charon left the offing | ' a.m. en Friday last for Fremantle.— The Bambra arrived from Fremantle on Sunday last, and left again the following morning. — The Minderoo is expected here from. Singapore about January 4. J ^"UCIC"—£eo- Gillespie left] Hillside pn the 12th inst to motor to Perth. He got as far as Roy Hill, but heavy rains then stopped his progress. I Nothing daunted he turned round and 1 made for Port Hedland to catch the f Charon. Bad roads and a tyre trouble] caused him to miss by twelve hours. 1 Passenger List.—The following pas- j sengers left for south by the Charon I !£m m Grf?ae' Mrs-. H. Jackson and [ Mrs. Montgomene and chili Miss i Johnson, Miss O'Reilly, and Messrs. J. Werrey, V. Robmaon, J. H. Harford. A. Cam, W. Goodisson, - T. Barnett, A. D. Smith, R. Parker, N. Reid, J. Bond, W. fitliis, H. Am Caporn, aacj L McNanaro. I Road Boarb.—The monthly meeting £ i?' ^ Hedfand Road Board was held on Tuesday evening, when there! were present Messrs. King (in the chair), Mannten, and Thomas.. The corres'f pondence was unimportant. It was de- I ctded to extend Hardy-street for a dis- J tence of about five chains. This road it I the main entrance to Port Hedland from 1 the country, and will prove of great bene- | fit to vehicular traffic. Several paths Were authorised and a few repairs are to | w £°"d °n, With «^rard to the | Water Board the secretary reported that! the supply of water was satisfaetory. The I meeting was a short one, atid business of i little importance. I L^rcKY Escape.—On Sunday night, j ^en»* Bambra was almost alongside, j Miss Bromilow fell off the jetty between ] the steampr and the piles. She promptly | grasped the woodwork and clung to it until she was helped to safety. Miss J Bromilow, who is said to be a good swim-1 mer, was apparently Unconcerned over | the incident, the excited ones being the I spectators on the wharf and Bambra. It j appears the young lady mistook a shadow tor a railing, and attempted fo lean on it, j but as shadows are net very substantial | she took an involuntary dive, When it I was seen that she was safe, the passen- ( 'geis good naturedly called out, " You | ought to-talte a ticket in ' Tatts.' " Miss | | Bromilow was uninjured. I The Weather, etc.—In view of Pro fessor Porte's prophecy regarding a] rewrd sun-spot, storms, etc, not a few in ™t Hedland resorted to, the use of I smoked glass fast week in an' endeavor to I see the sun without affecting the eyes. J However, no sun-spot . was .visible. } Apropos of weather predictions, it is I stated that Mr. Wragge forecasted j practically drought conditions, for Aus-| StaT 1920-21-22-23-24. Although Mr. Wragge is very clever, we J tntjit he is a long way off the track in Wch a prophecy. He b also alleged to j nave stated that this summer is to see { Seyere disturbances, cyclones, etc. During j the recent rains Portree had over an inch j and a half, Corunna Downs 150, Roy j Hill 4111., Noreena Downs 115 points, I Bonney Downs splendid rain, Bamboo Springs 2in,? and Hillside over 3m. The latter station lyas badly in need of rain, and the welcome fall has saved the situ ation. Port Holland since last week has had 03 points. Inconveniencing the Public.— Twenty passengers left for south by the Charon dunng Thursday night last. Some of them had come well over 100 miles, and when they arrived here were ^formed that the Charon was npt calling. After several wires had been despatched to the captain of the steamer, bis final wire was to the effect that if 3. lighter could be sent out to him he would take passengers and mails. As thb was impossible, all hope of the boat coming in was abandoned. However, as a last resource a deputation waited upon the chairman of the Road Board, and he forwarded a wire to the general manager for the Singapore boats at Fremantle, explaining matters. This had the effect of a wireless being despatched to the Charon stating it was imperative tha^t she should call at Port Hedland, The ship had evidently gone past the port, for when she was sighted she was coming up from a westerly direction. Just bpfoje dark two ship's boats arrived from the Charon, but why the steamer did not come in is best known to the captain. She was drawing only 15ft. 6:n. (according to the officers), and at 7 p.m..there were 17ft. on the bar and the tide, had still nearly two hours to rise before being full. The captain could have come in and gone out before JB.39 p.m. with ease, for at the latter hour there were at least 19ft. on the bar, but more likely 20ft. However, the lifeboats came ip, and after embarking the mails and passengers the officer in charge, to the surprise of everyone, started out against the ticle and a " cockeye " looming up. It was blowing very haftl, and after about an hour's battling one boat returned and waited for the tide to turn, while the other, had net been able to get out of the creek, and tied up to one of the buoys. To endeavor to row out four miles against a rising tide, a strong wind, and choppy sea, was so absurd that no one thought a start would be made until the condition* were more favorable. How ever, the boats eventually reached the steamer Some time after midnight, and the. Charon got under weigh about 1 a.m. on Friday, having lost at least four and a half- hours thcougn what, the residents consider " pure cussedness " on the part of the captain in refusing to come in. Indignation Meeting.—A largely at tended meeting of residents, including several inlanders, was held in the Me chanics' Institute on Friday night last to protest against the manner in which the people are'being treated by the steamers. Full particulars of what Happened on Thursday night last appears under " In conveniencing i:he Public.1' The matter was debated at fair length. Dr. Browne stated inter alia that it was nothing short of criminal to ask women and children to go out several miles on a dark night in open boats, with a storm brewing, and he thought it was about time this scandal should stop. All of the speakers were of the same opinion. Finally a motion was unanimously carried to the effect that the. two overseas companies (controlling the Singapore boats) be communicated with through Mr. J. E. Clarke (superintend ent), and also the State Steamship De partment, setting out Thursday night's occurrence, giving full particulars—depth of water available for the steamer,. pointing out (hat the Gves of the pas sengers, including women and children, were imperilled through being compelled to go out in open boats with a storm im pending, and that it took the boats five hours to reach the steamer after leaving the jetty, ate. It was also decided to. approach the Qovernment through Mr. Uuderwoqd, M.L.A., to endeavor to se cure,a motor boat for Port Hedland for! harbor work and for cases of emergency. For the convenience of inlanders, who came hundreds ol miles to catch steamers, it was decided to ask the agents to let the public know as soon as a ship left Singapore whether she was going to call at Port Hedland. If this information became available it would save the in land people considerable expense and' inconvenience.. The meeting was unani mously of the opinion that it was about time the. people of Pilbarra were catered for in a better manner than has been the case for some time past, and it is thought that the management will, when everything is pointed out, endeavor to remove the disadvantages under which the residents exist. Mr. McDonald, chairman of the Road Board, convened and presided over the meeting. 