 NEW CHURCH AT BUNGOWANNAH ...... ^ . . — -. ? w ? , ??-- OPENING SERVICES. 'Change and decay in all around I see,' sang the poet, and, generally speak ing, this may be taken as containing a '., . fair amount of truth. But it has its qualifications. ' ' Change ' ' we certainly do ? ' see in the world and tilings around us, or there would be not only monotony, but also stagnation. is it uruminoiul who ? emphasises the fact that, in a living or ganism (and he goes on to apply it in a higher sense) there could not be such a state as equilibrium? There must either . bo a re- or a de-generation. But as to 'decay' in all around — well, if so, then assuredly, the death-knell of progress and advancement had surely sounded, and it New Church, Bungowannah, Albury Circuit. - were time to close, instanter, the shutters. ' In the living microcosm of a church that were worthy the name, it were surely a ? paradox, and the record of the Minutes of Conference just held belie the fact. Vigor ous signs of activity in its modus oper andi are before us. And in this small corner of the vineyard, during the first v - quarter of the new year, there have been, if not ' ' the sound of revelry by night, ' ' with the vital aftermath of the poem, at any rate there has been the tramp of stirring eventualities, a ?change in the church life of the Methodist cause at Bungowannali, in the Albury Circuit, that is far removed from any token of 'de- cay;' nay, rather, it indicates a move that spells a distinct advancement, if the erection of a new sanctuary of God . counts for anything. ' ' Comparisons ' ' are not always 'odious,' and to compare one must needs drop into the reminiscent vein, which means an historical recount. Some five years ago, on the anniversary day of our State, an unkind cyclone wrecked the old building, and levelled it to the ground. It was a heart-break to the earnest enthusiasts, who for thirty years, and a little more, had worshipped in its sacred precincts, and had just shown their keen interest in God's work on its material side by having His house newly . painted. But Nature's dealings in this respect apparently show no finer feelings, ? and on this occasion she was ruthless. But here again we see an evidence of the as sertion of the triumph of mind over mat ter, for, notwithstanding the disaster, the dismantled parts of the wrecked structure were carefully gathered together, and what was thought to be of possible after-use was stacked and preserved. Efforts wore soon made to collect the Avhcrewithal to re-ereet a new building from the old re mains, and a -considerable sum was ob tained and promised. But the times were not favourable. The pastor in charge at the time had serred his term, and moved on. Another came to take his place. The great World War, with all its strain and stress, followed, and no oppor tunity was forthcoming to allow of the carrying of the cherished wish of the noble, though small, band of devoted Methodists. In April of last year, how ever, when a meeting of trustees was called to wind ' up matters in ?connection with the previously-suggested re-building of the church (for it seemed to be 'a fore lorn hope') by one of those strange in spirations which come so mysteriously and unexpectedly, and due to an Ichabodian remark of one present, it was suddenly de cided to wind on, and to put into imme diate and active operation the project which had first seemed so hopeless, the ultimate result of which is the ornate and chaste new church of to-day, very auspici ously opened on Saturday, March 15th of . this year, and the photo, of which appears in this issue. The whole incident is - flavoured with a similar set of conditions as Biblical history supplies, as in the case of Saul, the son of Kish, who in the pro cess of looking for his father's asses is recorded to have found a kingdom. The accidental thus is seen to move in the higher sphere of the providential. A new and _moro ornate structure now takes the place~l-f the old — the old, drawn on a bullock-waggon by a team of thirty six .bullocks from Howlong thirty-six years ago. And this, a distinct advance on the previous sanctuary, the wattle-and-dab church, first with its roof of bark, which later gave place to thatch. Such a survey takes the mind back half a century. But even before that, at tho very threshold of Methodist Church life in Bungowannah, we hear of services conducted by a Rev. Mr. Neild, being held in the home of a Mrs. Webb, whose house was situated not very far from the present sanctuary. And of the three church buildings erected on the Bungowannah property, the present structure stands on the identical site on which the ill-fated Howlong-drawn edifice stood, while that of the original is in close proximity. A new opening opens up other avenues of thought. The names associated with history past crowd in — those, for instance, of La vis, Dunn, Palmer, Swan (the first Sunday School Superintendent), Wragge (who kept a store opposite, and who later removed to Leichhardt), Carey, and Kid ley. These have served their day and passed away, but most of them have left their representatives, who show the same keen interest in, and carry: on the great work of, their forebears with vigour unabated. ? The Clerk of' the ?Weather Was, 611 this, the occasion -of tho opening, kind iiv the extreme. The day was glorious, and up wards of two hundred people gathered from far and hear to take part in the official function. Albury was well repre sented, visitors travelling by motors, drag, and every other dcscribable vehicle. It was unfortunate that the epidemic, and then the sudden decision to open the post poned Conference on the Monday follow ing, combined to deprive us of the an ticipated presence of the official head of our Church, as also of the Chairman of the District. . So the responsibility fell ui)on the local minister. The Church of England and Presbyterian ?clergymen were present, and took part in the opening ex ercises. The church itself was packed, while many outside could not gain admis sion. At the request of the trustees, Mrs. Moulton performed the ceremony of turn ing the key, and received the presenta tion of a silver key, suitably engraved, at the hands of the builder, Mr. Whybro, as a memento of the occasion. The honour was acknowledged in an appropri ate speech, wherein sho trusted that the '' ' ' Interior Bungowannah New Church, Opened March 15, 1919. new building would prove to be a verit able Bunyan's Palace Beautiful to the locality, and urged one and all to live for it and to work in it. The Dedicatory Service, which followed, ' was opened, as was befitting, with the Doxology. Hymns appropriate for the oc casion were sung. Prayer was offered by tho Rev. Canon Bevan, B.A. (Church of - England), and the passage of Scripture read by the Eev. A. Fleming (Presby terian), both of whom afterwards de livered congratulatory addresses, the spirit of which was of a very fraternal nature. The Superintendent Minister reminded his hearers of the historic past, and the in debtedness of the present generation to the pioneers of those early days, who laboured for the spiritual welfare of their offspring, many of whom wore present, and worthily, reproduced the spirit of their . ancestry in their interest for God's work. The new edifice was raised by these in turn 'with a similar objective. -He took the opportunity of conveying to the Church of England authorities the deep indebted' ness of the Methodist Church in the Al bury Circuit for the gracious offer of their building in Bungowannah, and for its use for the past five years. An invocation for the Presence of the Triune God in the ' sorvices to be held from time to time in the now sanctuary, followed by the closing hymn and Benediction, ended a most im ? prossive function. Prior to the address, Mr. George Lavis, secretary of tho Trust, read the balance sheet, which showed a very satisfactory state of the finances. The licv. .1. Kgan Moulton, on behalf of the friends of Bun ? gowannah Church, then presented Miss Palmer, who for some years had faithfully and loyally discharged the important duties of organist, with a handsome silver backed mirror, shoe-lift, buttonhook, and silver-mounted cut-glass scent bottle, to which Mr. Palmer feelingly and suitably responded on behalf of his daughter. At the conclusion of the service, ad journment was made to the grounds, where soon tea was provided by willing hands, of the now well-known Bungawaiinah standard. Nothing was wanting to satisfy the cravings of the inner man. The young sters right royally did their part, ami we are assured loft the Plimsol mark, in some instances, far behind. Two tennis-courts chipped for the occasion are indexes of the enthusiastic extent to which the .Bungo wannah Methodists were prepared to go to make the whole function an un-|itali(iod success. On these, Albury and other en thusiasts tried thoir tennis mettle. It was an inspiring sight to sec tho grounds crowded with vehicles and people, the Union Jack being in great evidence; to witness, too, the re-union of old friends of over fifty years' standing fighting their old battles over again.. But though the sun did at last set, yet the function did not then come to. a close. Adjournment was made to tho Bungowan nah Hall, half a mile away, and a long, varied, and.'. excellent programme was ren dered to ah appreciative audience. The longth of the same, magnified by repeated encores (to which, we might add, a closure was applied in the second part) might bn calculated to scare a' city audience. But Bungowannah was out for the day — and for the night, too, for that matter — ami such protracted trifles moved them not. Mr. Litchficld, the Circuit Steward, in a pointed speech, congratulated the friends on the complete success of /the day and of their efforts, while Mr. Palmer proposed and carried a comprehensive vote of thanks to tho performers. But even when tho last items had been rendered, and the National Anthem had been vigorously sung, there was still more to follow, and refreshments were served to one and all. To quote one of the oldest identities, Mr. Blnkcly, 'It was tho best day ho had seen in Bangownnnnh ' — eul- ogy enough to satisfy the severest critic, and must have satisfied the enthusiastic band of untiring workers, upon whom the heavy burden had been laid of catering for the day's proceedings and its strenu ous demands. And it is said (but, kind reader, please whisper it low) that the stock had all but run out — a condition of things never before experienced in the local annals. As a- result of the tea meeting and con cert, .£19 2s. (id. was netted, and our Bun gowannah friends can truly congratulate themselves on such a highly successful effort. The church, new with the exception of the floor, the larger part of tho roof, doors, the Bible and pulpit cushion, saved from the wreckage, standing, as has been said, on the old site, is built of weatherboard on the old dimensions. The walls are of light grey colour, the ceiling of varnished 7)ine, which lends a finished appearance to the interior. The pulpit is of beauti ful polished Queensland maple, and of ornate design, and the 12 seats of var nished kauri, placed 'V-shaped along the building are in keeping with it. These, with the cocoanut matting in the aisle, were the generous and befitting gift of Mrs. Dunn and family in memory of the husband and father, the late Mr. ,T. D. Dunn, of 'Weebo Park.' Mrs. W. Palmer kindly donated a splendid-toned Estey organ, and Mr. and Mrs. George Lavis presented the pulpit, hymnbook, and other fiymbooks for congregational use The Communion table, of Queensland maple, was the gift of K'cv. .1. 10. and Mrs. Moulton. The trustees are indebted, also, to Messrs. Mate and Co. for tho gift of an organ-stool and pulpit chair; to Messrs. Ilewish and Rudburn for tho donation of two radiolite lamps; to Mr. Whybro, the builder, the highest praise is duo. Through out he has displayed an interest, care, and thoroughness, as well as skill, that is not always seen in the labour world of to-day. His was a service of love, and the com pletion of the work and the successful de dication will come, as a joy to his heart. One is apt to think that ho might quitu readily he prepared to sing his Nunc, Dim ittis now that the desire of his soul is consummated. Nor must Mrs. Whybro 's quiet but thoughtful help in the matter of the varnished floor remain unrecorded, nor yet Mr. White's repeated help to the builder, even though it; bo but little known. We opine that the reality of tho new Methodist. Church will quite revive a feel ing of greater interest; to our cause at Bungowannah. The opening sorvices on the Sunday were both well attended, but the congregation in the evening was ex ceptionally large. Tho Eev. .T. Egan Moulton occupied the pulpit, on both oc casions, and tho atmosphere was full of inspiration. Tho collections for tho day ?were out of all expectation, and augured well Cor the future. A debt of gratitude is due to our 'Home Mission Loan Fund, through whoso gener osity the new church was helpfully fin anced. A promise was given that £100 would be forwarded, if the balance were first raised locally. The Bungowannah quota was soon raised, and, with tho re sults of tho opening proceedings, the trustees are able to pay in advance tho first annual instalment of the loan, as well as the insurance premium; to make also a donation to the Church of England Curate Stipend collection, that was being mado locally; to hand £1.1 II s. to the Quarterly Meeting; and still have a fow pounds loft to the credit of the Trust. Thanks are duo to the collectors of tho Building Fund' for their services rendered; to tho kind donors 'whoso gonorosity in tho matter of church equipment lessened so considerably the total cost; and to willing hands, who from time to time, lent valuable aid to the builder. At a later date a handsome framed portrait of three distinct enlarged views of the church in one (exterior and in-' terior) was presented to Mr. Whybro, and a similar one to Rev. .T. Egan Moulton, by the Bungowannah friends and stewards. The true spirit of Methodism still lives when, despite soverest handicaps, it can show results such as are abovo recorded, of what the faithful fow at Bungowannali (and how many other such instances else where might bo discovered?) have boon a We to achieve. ? ? The holier a man is the less perfect he thinks himself. 