 - I - THE WEATHER. « I (To the Editor.) | Sir,— In view of tho anxiety . every- ! where being felt at the general absence of rain, 1 would ask the favour of" a little space iri your journal for a few re marks on tho subject which I have no doubt wilt appeal to your readers. I desire to say, as ono conversant with weather conditions obtaining in Queens land that- the future outlook is unfavour able, so far as a general rainfall is con cerned. Rain will fall during the sum mer months, but will provo to -be con siderably under average and of a spas modic character in isolated areas. It is not at all improbablo that light rain will soon full in local areas, acoompaniod with terrific blows of cyclonic force, Tl-.cro will also occur dry thunderstorms, acoompaniod with terrific lightning and hail in some instances. Such is particu larly applicable so far as the central and northern districts are concerned. Anything in tbo nature of general rain fall will be conspicuously absent m Queensland during the ensuing year. Weather conditions will improve during 1920, and will probably become normal during tho summer of that period. I would liko to draw attention to a fore cast which you kindly published sorao months ago. T am at present unable to verify tho &lt;late, but anyone who cares to look up your files will eeo that my predictions concerning prevailing weather havo been fulfilled. 1 base my conclu sions on the theory laid down by Mr. Clement L. Wragge, who is well known for his scientific advice on meteorological matter. In conclusion I would like to say that smoothing more might with advantage be attempted iu long-range forecasts by oar official weather authorities. Tho daily weather chart offers no solution of the Eroblem of fnturo weather, beyond 24 ours riicad. It is to be regretted that such is the case. Facilities at the dis posal of our weather authorities shouM jastiiy something further being at tempted concerning future weather con ditions which would be highly appre ciated and would mean thousands of pounds in wealth to this State. Yours, etc., CHARLES B. DANIEL. I Eagle Junction. 